and don't get me wrong because I had
that Beyonce envy that Hair Weave envy
oh yeah I was one of those black girls I
wanted that kind of hair hey I'll tell
you why because I want to know what it's
like to be white to get your hair wet to
be able to be on time for work no idea
what it's like but Beyonce has has but
Beyonce has white people fool they're
like oh my god she's so gorgeous on that
hair color I'm like in a black woman
alive that got hair looking like Lucille
Ball okay there ain't a woman alive I'm
gonna do an impression of the Super Ball
I do it I do it will they feel like
impressions alright anybody see the
halftime show okay all right so I gotta
have you guys clap to the single lady
song okay
she looked like Satan what was she doing
I was like Beyonce did you step on your
corn what happened
yes I have learned about my husband
after 28 years of marriage and that is
that he and I cannot role play we cannot
role play because it never ends well
give an example the sitting on my
computer got my hair up in a bun I'm
wearing my reading glasses my husband
comes in and sees this and says hey
there sexy secretary
alright wants to roleplay we could do
this I say good morning boss how do you
like your coffee yes now this is where
my husband supposed to say I like my
coffee hot like you instead my husband
says I like my coffee hot and black but
I'm not black he said yeah but that's
how I like my coffee I think you do know
there's no actual coffee in this
scenario don't you he says if there's no
coffee then why did I hire you we didn't
get laid and I'm unemployed what the
hell joke guys what the hell hey guys I
work here at the Laugh Factory and you
know I hand-picked that a clip you just
saw it's one of my favorites I chose it
with Karen love so if you loved it too
go ahead and hit the like button and the
subscribe button because if you do so it
would make me a happy boy
um I feel like you could tell a lot
about someone by just simply reading
their quotes on Facebook right this is
the [ __ ] that we all live by I'll give
you an example my friend Tara her quote
is um just live your life like no one's
watching and she is such a [ __ ] you
could
she's such a ho-bag you guys she's
living your life just like no one is
watching her like isn't that when were
the shittiest people what no one is
watching us I am like I'm a disgusting
person when no one's watching me I will
just pick my booger and I like to roll
it like the hard one okay the soft ones
of it
those I just stick on my nightstand but
the hard ones you guys the hard ones I
like to flick in a spot but only I know
it lands and then I just watched my
roommate walk on it
I a lot of people know this about me and
I'm not sure if you guys know I I'm not
financially stable mentally stable
either but I'm adorable so I can get
away with it but I did something pretty
crazy a couple months ago I traded in a
perfectly good moving vehicle that got
me from here to there for a Vespa okay
so hang tight story gets worse it's AJ
see how long it take you in one side of
town to another in a car I'd say about
30 minutes what about on a Vespa four
and a half days nobody told me that
there wasn't in the manual somebody owes
me an apology
forever why would you keep it well let
me tell you something invest but I was
saving so much money on gas zip it
around town 37 miles to the gallon
well 37 miles to a gallon just a heads
up in case you're buying a Vespa has one
[ __ ] gallons
so if you need me I'll be at a gas
station for the remainder of my life
have you ever thought to yourself on a
vest but am i an attractive person am i
good-looking will I settle down with an
attractive human being allow the
homeless people at red lights to
reaffirm that for you because when
you're in a car the safety of your car
you may go screw you guide lock lock
air-conditioning dance because that's
how we all drive when you're on a vest
button you pull right up to a red light
and a homeless man goes oh sweet tits
can I get on and he [ __ ] could at any
moment he can overpower my body and just
go take me to the farmers market
I need kale arugula heirloom tomatoes
the purple cod I'm making a salad it's
crazy out there
I made him much healthier than he
normally is
I'm happily married to such a babe and
we have a pretty good sex life but he
tried something a little different
the other night he was you know down
there and all of a sudden I felt this
you guys he literally blew i'ma hoo-hah
here's the thing we've been together for
10 years so when he tries new things in
the bedroom it lets me know he's been
watching porn right where else did he
learn that from I know men you guys
aren't standing around like hey so you
know what you should do you know what
she'll like blow on it just a little
blow on it and clearly this is a room
full of porn lovers I'm not so much a
fan ten years ago I asked my husband not
to watch porn and I like to just pretend
that he kept that agreement you know but
when he blows them a hoo-hah he gets
himself away you guys I ran that joke by
my mom to make sure that it wasn't too
crass and she didn't get it
I had thank you thank you very much um I
had to explain it to my mom so we
weren't close before we are now
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't give a lot of [ __ ] you can
tell I'm pretty selfish my hair looks
great that's if a woman has great hair
she doesn't suck dick that often so very
thinning bad hair a lot of dick sucking
so so I was like okay I can do this for
me the only place I'll give a [ __ ] is
in the shower I thought maybe one man
would be like cool no it's weird it's
like not a nice thing to do I don't know
what it is about the shower I feel very
comfortable there it's something about
like you're already wet you can clean it
up a little bit
tears are welcome whatever so I get down
on my knees to perform the act of love
you say fellatio I say the love and he
looks down at me and he yells don't
drown and my response was I don't know
what other girls you've dated but I'll
stop before that happens like I don't
need this that much you know like this
isn't a mission I have to see through to
the end like this isn't my own personal
Apollo 11 like I don't even eat bananas
it's like I'll check out at any moment
I'm not that dedicated of a person I
haven't even finished Breaking Bad I'm
not gonna suck a dick till I die
I love that your son looked at you like
wow cool mom
no there's no such address tonight to
get here I came from all the way out
down south like the south so our stop
you know and I have a 2016 Hyundai
Sonata but I still treat it like my 2004
tempos like I look at the gas here they
always like zero miles to empty but I'm
like oh this electric I know my gas I
know I got a little more I know I can
make it you know it's like my old car
you know that Hank it's a ticking
ticking ticking ticking ticking like my
car got a shake now you got to do some
[ __ ] let me really know I might be
really out of gas on my way here my
shoes like all like this might be the
big one this might be P I don't know why
the hell they make all these bp's on a
little hump like they don't know we run
in the black out of gas back in the
traffic i'm like oh [ __ ] all right
so here I am praying for a miracle I'm
like father god I'm just trying to get
to the Laugh Factory to make a few
laughs and you got me out here in the
street of mirrors like this I know I
know I know zero my safety it means it
I'm sorry
oh the knock on my window it's like this
very cracking like
he wasn't that funny like Louie like you
need a little help
[Applause]
listen I look oh my god if I don't like
a knight like yes he he pushes me to the
pump it's my other carry like an
assistant fairy godfather cranky
community you know I am on the wrong
side
this is me looking stupid
[Applause]
Hey post-breakup y'all he like that you
need a little help oh my god I need to
get something say he's gonna cut you
loose from my fan
all I got is a doc he was like yes II
who is me to the other side
I got here bang yo Mike come on
[Applause]
[Music]
ah yes Mazel Tov I'm so sorry the Jew
and me sometimes just awakens out of
nowhere did someone just get circumcised
that was exciting are you guys are you
guys Persian Jews are you guys yes Oh
see no don't wow that that's snow no
I'll tell you why it's not fair because
you look like turn the plane around and
then you're like it's confusing the
Persian Jew is like such an anomaly
because you like they look angry but
they're walking on Saturday you know I
don't know how to approach you I'm just
a regular Soviet run-of-the-mill you
know just mustache matches the chin
hairs just regular I'm Soviet Communist
KGB Jew right you have no idea I'm
talking about do you sweet nuts you're
looking at me crease
you know something right you remember
the KGB communists must get moose and
squirrel that's my I'm that can I just
do one thing I don't mean to be forward
yes unbutton your top button are you
what's why is it all the way did you
that's you're from England
oh [ __ ] all right yeah button it up
yikes you would not want to let loose in
America is that how you guys wear it in
England Chisholm is that why your voices
always go alright alright alright just
unbutton it alright like that would be
bad makes sense it what do you want to
spot to take just [ __ ] unbutton it
relax let loose
are you are you also from the UK heosu
yeah what are you guys doing out here
did you want to see Persian Jews is that
why you guys
[Applause]
[Music]
oh you're very pretty girls you're like
those girls like go to Vegas you get all
the free [ __ ]
[Laughter]
it doesn't anyone on a date tonight well
[ __ ] that was depressing just one person
when she's actually just urinating she's
just
I used to do a lot of online dating I
was on a dating app called uber first of
all the man has a car that is half the
battle and he's picking you up so
chivalry is not dead
guys the Internet is a cruel cruel place
YouTube especially I posted my stand-up
video on YouTube recently and the first
comment that I got was she looks like
Jeremy Renner and then I looked up a
photo of Jeremy Renner and I was like oh
[ __ ] I do that's pretty good
another person commented and said she
looks like the middle photo of the three
stages of mess
so just jeremy renner smoking the meth I
don't even know how you smoke Matt this
is just a Harry Potter movie I'm just
like my personal favorite comment was
her camel toe is throwing me off that
got 68 likes which is weird cuz the
video only got 25 likes then my dad
called me up and he's like Kayla what's
camel toe and I haven't spoken to him
since
[Music]
I just have my yearly physical boy I
hate going to the doctor but
specifically the early physical I think
is the worst right because every step of
the way is just a fresh batch of hell
right because you walk in and the first
thing they have you do is pee in a cup
the size of a monopoly top hat and if
you're like me you can't aim right when
women Pete's like putting your thumb
over the nozzle of a hose right that's
not going to one place so just like cut
to me hover it over the toilet trying to
redirect the Colorado Rapids with a
couple of stage curtiss-wright
always end up with a hand covered in my
own urine that's always the wrong color
cuz somebody got nervous drunk last
night
next they away you my doctor's office
has that old-fashioned scale that can I
do step on and it's like what a [ __ ]
gift from the devil that is just where
are we gonna end today and I always keep
tapping it - you get on there and you're
like hey Marjorie I think you probably
stopped tapping it it's still moving and
figuring out where it wants to land I'm
not sure why you're still touching that
thing your cell you seem to be moving
that quite across a bit while I think
you could you don't you [ __ ] touch
that 50 pound weight talk about the
loudest sound in the world the clunk of
that 50 pounds as it moves over like
Porlock gotta make some changes alright
they gave your temperature I love these
digital thermometers that we have and
think those are amazing but can't you
just stick right near here right those
are great
remember mercury thermometers what the
hell were those mercury is a neurotoxin
and we were like tight let's wrap this
in the thing most known for shattering
whether we like you to put it in your
mouth and bite down gently
or stick it in your butthole if you're
nasty
next up any ladies no right the dreaded
pappi which is what my doctor calls it
very fun very fun love Allah here's the
thing guys I don't think anyone enjoys
getting pelvic exams but I don't think
they'd be nearly as bad if the doctor
didn't say this without fail every time
they go all right I'm just gonna need
you to scoot down and relax scoot
they'd love to
but you see my butt has actually fused
to the paper baloney that's gonna be
tough and I notice you said relax I'd
like to remind you that you're about to
crank me open like a medieval drawbridge
shut a q-tip in me the size of a golf
club and then make me wait five to seven
business days to tell me that I still
have HPV so while we're here we're my
one and three years at who's got HPV out
here where we got where we have where we
yes we're here we're here we're here
we're here we're here we're doing it
[Applause]
statistically we are out here in numbers
we are we are HPV is so common I like to
think of it like the first day of law
school or it's like look to your left
you now look to your right you have HPV
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not married I did it I'm regretting
that after Eric set but it's true I did
it we're in couples therapy real thing I
tell everybody we're a couples therapy
because people get really weird like you
just did it's because you guys don't
know what couples therapy is it's my
favorite thing couples therapy
it's just adult tattle-tell just like
all month long I'm like I'm gonna tell
Laurie and he said no seriously don't
like that's a whole that's all it is
I recommend it to all everyone asks me
if it's different being married like it
that nothing's different when you get
married I think it gets different when
you move in together right like that's
when [ __ ] goes down she hates us
I just didn't know that baby with a man
I didn't know living with a man was
gonna be me 90% of the time just like
telling him where his things were my job
forever
man don't look right they just ask I'm
just like a big wake up lose my wallet
I'm like good morning what do you how
how are you okay without me you can give
a man exact coordinates to where his
[ __ ] is and 100% of the time you will
come back and back it's not there I
don't know I don't know I checked doing
a back you want to bet you know I don't
know bad you guys always want to bet
just being adults find the [ __ ] that
moves we go find your [ __ ] together as a
team because weird recon mission for
your like baseball glove I'm like the
worst the worst is when I'm wrong - and
I'm not I'm never wrong by a lot ok it's
it's just enough for him to be a douche
bag about it it gets just enough for me
today
you thought it was on the second shelf
it is on the Irish just use your
eyeballs just a quick up and down these
were [ __ ]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been doing stand-up for six years
and my six-year anniversary and my
friend the first night I did stand-up
was at a bar down the street and I met
this girl named Kelly right and so me
and Kelly have been super cool ever
since like the first night of me doing
stand-up and so she was just like okay
you know July 3rd is just six year
anniversary let's go out and celebrate I
was like all right cool but she was like
I want to celebrate something too I was
like all right what's up and she's like
what I want to celebrate is gonna shock
you I'm like what what is it like it's
gonna blow your mind I hope you're
sitting down I'm like what the [ __ ] is
it Kelly
she was like I'm gay I was like [ __ ]
I've been knowing that you have
basketball shorts on who's hooping later
nobody [ __ ] you a [ __ ] you ain't
whooping no that's a goddamn sure right
but I went to my first gay nightclub
lady's like have you ever gone to a gay
nightclub before yes please if you
haven't gone [ __ ] your tab leave now
just go [ __ ] right now Boys Town is
right there cuz the [ __ ] was so much
[ __ ] fun but I realized two things
while I was at this gay nightclub one is
I did not know that there was a dance
remix to Amazing Grace it was like me I
was like my grandmother was buried to
this song like I'll dance powerful good
about the shoot you know what I mean the
second thing I noticed I was at this gay
club this is for single men in here you
[ __ ] need to step your game up
because these lesbians almost got me
their game is [ __ ] flawless okay that
pie charts and graphs and [ __ ] like eat
more [ __ ] I was like okay because I was
dancing to Amazing Grace right and this
young woman came up to me and she was
like excuse me I just want to let you
know you're the most beautiful woman
I've seen all night and I was like oh
thank you so much and she was like I'm
not joking either I was like [ __ ] look
around of course you're not joking
all right so she walked away and then
she stopped and she turned around and I
got scared as [ __ ] cuz I'm light-skinned
and we can't fight right so she came
back and this is what she said
men listen she was like I didn't mean to
offend you I was trying to complement
you I was like all right but she was
like I just bought a house I was like
all right cool she was like if you came
back home with me you wouldn't have to
cook in that house and wouldn't have to
clean in that house you would never pay
a bill and then house actually every
night you stayed in that house I would
eat your [ __ ] and gratitude what have
you been reading my diary where the [ __ ]
did you come from are you an angel Jesus
the rest of girls were with my life
decay this place is boring I was like
[ __ ] I'm and negotiations gets [ __ ]
away from me right my one friend kept
being like seriously like there's no
straight man here I'm so bored let's go
to Wrigleyville I was like [ __ ]
Wrigleyville
let's stay here these lesbians are
passing our futures okay hold up [ __ ]
Wrigleyville is gonna say some [ __ ] like
that's you not at Mullins not at John
Barleycorn the Cubby Bear you know what
some [ __ ] douchebag will say to you
in Wrigleyville with his hat on
backwards and his U of I and say Yi or
Kappa sig shirt and his frayed jeans and
his foot box you know what some dumb ass
it's gonna say to you a [ __ ] Wrigley
Field good gut this dick
let's Netflix and chill sir
[ __ ] you and your dick okay that woman's
tongue can change my credit score what
the [ __ ] in your victory
[Music]
I wanna be somebody when I grow up I
wanna be I'm gonna be gonna be a huge
star not physically but I want to be big
I known you for years you your story man
is bananas like you literally started
from the bottom now we here so I lived
in a lot of different foster homes I got
to move around and live with a lot of
different kind of families and I'm so
happy cuz it molded me into the person
that I am today and like my very first
foster family they were Hispanic right
so I learned how to speak Spanish a
mucho gusto Vladimir's I'm against a
single tacos papi chulo command me for
nacho I'm just like always super
grateful and thankful that I even got to
have that experience and I even look at
it the way that I do cuz I know a lot of
people don't look at the system that way
but it was probably the best thing that
ever happened to me
and so I thanks my mom and dad for not
being [ __ ] thank you guys I'm seeing
hotties actresses out here and they've
been going all around the world behind
these I mean adopting these black babies
I'm sick of this so I'm gonna go ahead
and I'm gonna buy adopt me some white
babies from Canada they gonna be
beautiful they're gonna have blue eyes
and blonde hair they're gonna be
beautiful little babies telling me so
can we get five of them I'm gonna start
me a hair meal so I had the body boy I
was supposed to go to college I was
supposed to I got accepted in the NYU
and everything I got accepted in the NYU
and I was gonna be a big student there
and everything I can't give straight A's
and stuff and then they had told me how
much I had to pay a semester and I was
like well no that's I don't know how I
get that kind of money every semester
that's a lot of kicks to suck I don't
know if I want to learn that I don't
want to learn that hard I really don't I
don't want to be on my back like that or
nothing like that's not worth it I don't
think education is that important for me
to know definitely not gonna be on the
stripper pole my knees is bad I like so
many times I was homeless
so many times I could have compromised
who I was I could have just easily just
I mean I remember Corey Hawkins I want
you just [ __ ] somebody get a roof like
you can get pregnant by somebody rich
why you bein stupid get that couch you
got there who's the biggest celebrity
that you would like to mean that I would
like to meet yeah that's a laugh you
don't want to meet somebody dead cuz
that's so yeah somebody live right now
somebody alive that I can be right now
and meet like what do you mean by meet
like just my sleepless sleepless Oh like
Oh
yes Ouma Thurmond I will [ __ ] you
I know you very well and I just met you
I know that you are very shy and and
this is just a side of you that's like
an whenever I get a microphone in my
anything in my anything anything are you
just trying to read it because you're
looking at me I like that I know your
heart beating fast that's what I love
about white me and I know when you feel
me something I start beating off fascial
skin turn around I'm like oh he liked me
or he feared he's the way I made his
heart beat please got the keys to the
Jeep me you can't find your car cuz I
stole it so look when I'm doing clean
comedy before I go onstage if I know
it's all clean show I'll sit down I'll
write out okay this is what I'm gonna
say I'm gonna say this I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna do this now remember that
you're gonna talk about this we won't
talk about this gonna talk about this
okay then I get up here I start doing it
they're liking it then I'm like I'm
liking it then I'm thinking shoot I
think I can handle a little some motive
this
oh no but it's all plain oh oh you ever
been with a colored girl
how much did you pay I don't want to
necessarily keep reminding myself that I
gotta do this do it this way I want to
just be like bam bam oh you won't
support it oh yeah
go tell me y'all looking at me like why
she got the little sparkly ass bag
what's up a little bag now she can a
little ass purse with her uh I carry my
little pocketbooks with me everywhere I
go because why people I remember
publicans just people in general they
steal babies feeling that's how we got
here right like people hunted two of us
that's in here that's how we got here
right because why people chase told us
they kidnapped us we could be in Africa
right now with our titties out like come
on Tiger [ __ ] walking Tigers and [ __ ]
but me I'm here in America and I'm glad
I'm happy I'm here I appreciate all the
white people in Spanish people that
slowed us from Africa thank you I did a
movie called girls tree started Queen
Latifah Jada pinkett-smith Regina Hall
and me Tiffany Haddish and there was a
fun movie to make we shot it in
Louisiana we were in New Orleans for
like three months and I got to be around
these rich powerful women and I was
still on a beach at the time so I felt
like maybe I don't belong here but they
hired me and I was like [ __ ] you and I
think it's because I had checked it out
as a white woman any minute I needed a
white one there for the wrong and I
ended up getting me and so affirmative
action works for me you were in this
business for the right reasons you are
you're you know exactly what they need
to make an empire you're in it to win it
it's an empire
Oprah pyre Oprah how did Oprah become so
successful is she a role model for you
because you are following in her
footsteps because you are what you look
at how you connect with all these white
folks
I went through a tough breakup a couple
months ago and that was never going to
work out we had like totally different
goals and like me and this guy like he
wanted to be married in a few years and
I wanted to be happy and there's a
little bit different he told me once he
wanted to have eight kids
two guys I don't even know what to say
that I just started stretching huh the
tough breakup but we met at like a weird
point our lines like we met a very
transitional moment like we were both in
Community College which is a little
bittersweet because I'm meeting a
significant other in community colleges
sort of like finding a full bag of chips
in the garbage like it's kind of a
miracle but hey look around you're still
a possum so we broke up in public so
like you wouldn't make a scene and it
was funny on the way home from the
break-up I actually got pulled over by a
cop that I was drunk which was hilarious
was like I've never been drunk I've
never done any drugs someone offered me
weed once they were like Taylor just try
okay it will open your eyes you will
learn things about yourself and I'm like
yeah no thank you
I already know I like Taco Bell Lena
this job did not believe me though you
just give a sneeze like how much have
you had to drink have you been drinking
are you drunk finally I just like no no
not drunk I'm a little sad is there a
sad driving test
I don't even know what that would look
like like instead of a breathalyzer they
just have you sign into a harmonica I
[Applause]
have it gone pitch like you can't go
home two cents
can't have that on the road I think the
real problem in this guy's like he used
to do this thing where he would tell me
whenever girls hit on him like make a
point to tell me and I never knew what
to say to that because he just said oh
maybe I just wanna let you know girl at
Starbucks give me your number what do
you want to say to that I'm like fist
bump you like nice bro get it like what
if you want me turning to Batman like
where is she
he's like no babe I just want you to
feel safe I want to be honest with you I
care about you I want you feel safe I'm
like huh you dirty liar you don't want
me to feel safe you want me to know that
you turn down the option of other people
today you want points for not cheating
on me that's what you want yeah like I'm
supposed to swoon like oh my gosh babe
you honor the most basic server
agreement
you are not impressing us with your
fidelity guys all right not at all you
turn down the option of other people
we're women we have that option all the
time do you understand how easy it is
for us to drum up business so all I have
to do is raise my hand in a Walmart or
uncross my legs in a Denny's and we are
open for business yeah I got your Grand
Slam right here
[Applause]
[Music]
like I'm a complete idiot like I was
dating somebody a while ago and I was on
my way over to her house and I didn't
have enough money to get on the train
because I do this and so I got to this
okay don't laugh too hard so I eat to
the turnstile and I was like I know what
I'll do I'll jump over the turnstile
forgetting that I'm five foot three so
instead what I did is I face-planted
over the turnstile and I ended up
breaking my dick fingers there's one
lesbian over here for the rest of you
it's these two fingers if you still
don't know ask your neighbor
these are the fingers they have sex with
women with and I broke them have you
guys ever tried to [ __ ] with your
non-dominant dick it sucks so I went to
the ER to get a splint put on my very
important fingers and this doctor
putting the splint on my hand made a
comment he goes you got really small
fingers I was like screw you dude
I got big swingin fingers you get out of
here these are nine inches long flaccid
it's cold in here leave me alone
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
anybody got kids they don't like who got
kids who got kids audience you guys cool
as for the rest of you swallowers I hate
you okay like why would you not even
join in it let me tell you something
kids the most expensive STP you can ever
try oh my god
can I appeal a cream of shots that you
can take to get rid of them five
children really learn how to swallow for
kids fooling okay I didn't have very
many white girlfriends all to learn that
[ __ ] a lot sooner
oh yeah white girls yeah look at her
she's screaming right now
take your credit baby taking perfect
hey I'm not mad at my kids you know I am
I mad I am mad I'm bad because I love my
children but I don't like them the Bible
says I have to love them it doesn't say
[ __ ] about liking them okay wait I tell
you this this summer
somebody allowed my children to stay
home two months straight who the [ __ ]
did that
if there's any educators in the building
I want you to go straight to hell okay
because you're selfish that's what the
[ __ ] you are you to either hand them all
year you couldn't keep these last two
money know what [ __ ] y'all
because they stayed home all summer and
it's so much [ __ ] you got a dude like
one at home 24 hours a day like they
kept doing [ __ ] every single day they
got on my goddamn nerves like every
[ __ ] day they would wake up why the
[ __ ] would you want why are you awake
what do you want they kept asking me
dumbass questions like what's for
breakfast if you were in school what the
[ __ ] would you be eating [ __ ] eat a
book feed yourself some knowledge that's
what I want you to do so much that you
can't do when your children at home 24
hours I had to muffle my masturbation
session it's like a [ __ ] covert
operation you have no idea you gotta
close the door you lock the door but now
you gotta put the chair up under the
door because they smart enough to take
the butter knife and turn the goddamn
block which you don't answer them going
mom - mom mom mom mommy my bullets to
see what she's doing Oh [ __ ] get out of
here then you gotta wrap yourself up in
the cover like a [ __ ] burrito so they
don't hear the motor from the vibrator
they got a tournament TV all the [ __ ]
way up my kids don't know why the [ __ ]
Nancy Grace is so loud at my room now
just turn it to ESPN now my son stand by
the door now leaving my kids think I'm
[ __ ] like basketball or some [ __ ]
[Music]
it's good to be back in LA I've been
traveling a lot I was in New York
recently and yeah I told my mom that I
was going to New York and she was like
don't go to Central Park there's a lot
of dead bodies there I was like mom stop
watching Law & Order SVU also what
episode are yawn I love that show
right I love us video you guys watch SVU
right who doesn't watch SVU right like
it's been on for 32 years I love that
show like I could be having a bad day
and I come home and I put on USA and I
look for like a marathon and as soon as
I hear that
Denton it brings peace to my soul like
it's my jam but it's got me thinking
that I would be a terrible police
detective because they show these
detectives Olivia Benson
detective Stabler detective hot latino
guy they show them in these adrenaline
pumping situations they're chasing a
perp down an alley all sudden they trip
and fall they just get back up and start
chasing him again has anybody here ever
fallen before
it hurts you guys if I trip and fall
down I'm staying down for a while
rubbing my knee I will be the cop that
calls in like officer down officer down
are you shot
no but I need some neosporin hurry
there's little rocks to be a good cop
you have to know you're north from
yourself
you're east from your West you've seen
the episodes right suspects heading
southbound on First Street this will be
my call
suspect made a left
north or south definitely not to the
right in which direction turn to
McDonald's they show them chase this
perp in this dark empty warehouse right
they have their gun out all the sudden
this guy just pops out of nowhere and
their responses NYPD freeze
we're like my response to be boom but
now he can't tell you who he was
any other parents in here love your kids
but you don't like um who else yes it
should be more of you click on a
clapping it should be more of you you
love them nobody said you didn't love
them I just said you don't like them
[ __ ] cuz I don't
I tried five times I got five kids I did
it didn't work none of them times [ __ ]
them kids those are my favorite three
words I hate you kids don't go [ __ ] them
kids so happy to be here away from them
right now and it's the summertime I mean
I gotta see them for 24 hours I'll tell
you why I'll give you a couple reasons
why anybody here gets that kids oh I'm
the only full person in here with a 4
year old with titties nobody else nobody
else gotta for you over titties this is
some [ __ ] ok all your kids are
gluten free and [ __ ] you I'm not mad
that my son is fat I meant that he does
fat [ __ ] it's a difference I'll give you
an example I knew that I had to be here
at a certain time so I fed all of my
children I've been made myself to
chicken tenders y'all no fries no sauce
no ranch dressing no nothing
before I could get the first goddamn
chicken tender in my mouth
here come my little fat ass sir
[Music]
mom now look I don't know why fat kids
got raspy voice since it must be the
weight on that
I don't [ __ ] know I just know I got a
four year old and sound like Barry White
he'll have asthma he'll have bronchitis
he'll have none today just a fat ass kid
would it be fast boys is this mom I said
what juicy because all fat kids should
have a great nickname
it was between juicy and tank I pick
juicy okay he said are those chicken
tenders but for the sake of shits and
giggles I'll play this little dumbass
game with him okay I said yes you see
those are chicken tenders he said well I
had chicken tenders before but mine
never looked like that
yours are so golden and crispy they look
like the ones on the bag now look I
don't give a [ __ ] how much our fat-ass
complement my chicken tenders
they look sexy to you I don't give a
[ __ ] my kid is so [ __ ] fat I eat out
often I don't mean out like at different
restaurants I mean I cook my food on the
stove I wrap it up put it in it to go
container get in the car and drive the
[ __ ] down the expressway so I don't have
to share with its fat-ass
anybody else eat a food MacArthur didn't
have to share with their kids anybody
thank you okay okay all right all right
yeah cause it don't have no goddamn
memories that's why I don't answer the
phone when he called my father I love
you say for to me a large
a large what you see on there Walmart a
[ __ ] large in here I thought I had
stoked them with that the [ __ ]
gonna say it's a subway in there or to
me I love [ __ ] that fat ass kita I'm mad
because I got caught the other day I had
just finished eating I was sitting in
the driveway I had just finished my food
I was doing so well here come on fat ass
son outside mom I said what juicy
he dropped his voice like Monique and
precious he did I spell something to
[ __ ] your fat ass smell something we
outside the windows are rolled up you
out there I'm in here you know my fat
ass son climbed this ass in the car
looked around two crumbs off my shirt
look them together watch the Columbus
fall sniff the air my son looked right
at me and said mom was that an Italian
beef extra dip with mozzarella cheese
mustard and hot peppers on a kaiser roll
I said wait a min said was he cut in
half now wait a minute you fat bastard
I want you to tell me how to [ __ ] you
can smell a performance cut in half put
a [ __ ] joke fat ass work for CSI
dinner food division man [ __ ] that fat
ass kid I gotta go because he's outside
I'm Cory
[Applause]
[Music]
um but yeah all my friends are getting
married now and I feel kind of left
behind and I feel like every time I
speak to one of my friends from home
who's good who's married I always like
Esther I'm telling you the day that I
met my husband I just knew he was gonna
be my husband I'm just like that's
that's crazy you're just lying or you
say that for every guy you meet in case
he proposes to you it's obvious okay I
know I'm a girl I do it too okay if
you're the barista at Starbucks and
you've handed me my drink
I've already pictured you in a tuxedo
with my family crying behind us don't
make eye contact with me unless you're
ready to put a ring on it sir
oh my very good friends to always accuse
me of being cheap because I never want
to go out and do stuff they like let's
go get manicures I'm like I can't afford
a manicure okay you're married you have
a double income okay when you're married
it's like everything is just 50% off all
the time
okay there's a man at home is just gonna
pay the bills no matter what you do like
it's great I don't have that yet
I can't afford manicures I haven't had a
manicure since my sweet 16 which looks
like it was a week ago but I promise you
it was ten years ago
my hands are filthy I can't even
masturbate without giving myself a yeast
infection do you know how hard it is to
find a gynecologist on Groupon they're
not there
you guys I'm really excited to be here
and that this is like gonna go on the
Internet
a lot of people are gonna see it that's
really big I've never like really been
on TV or anything I've only been on TV
once I went to a taping of Jerry
Springer cuz I was yeah that's the
appropriation I was living in Chicago
and I didn't know what else to do
certainly wasn't gonna read or anything
so we went to a taping of Jerry Springer
and I went with my friend and they told
us to dress in business casual anyway we
were in business casual and you want to
know who else was no one I mean to be
fair either no one else's in business
casual or everyone else's businesses
we're extremely casual but because we
were dressed so nicely they put us like
front and center we were like in the
action we were as much a part of the
show as the naked guy screaming nonsense
and so we're watching the show it's
going great they were doing a great job
and all of a sudden out of nowhere a guy
that's just an upper torso like no legs
just walks across the stage on his hands
and nobody says anything he doesn't say
anything like it
nobody says anything like he does it as
if like we're having a meeting in his
apartment just completely totally fine
and I find out later that the reason
they do that is so that they can get
insane reaction shots from the rest of
the audience that they'll then plug into
like otherwise boring moments which is
why there's an episode of Jerry Springer
out there in which someone goes I've
been cheating on you this whole time and
they cut to a full shot of my face that
they hold for five seconds and I'm just
going
as if I've never heard of infidelity
before people think I'm an idiot the
worst part about going to a Jerry
Springer taping is when you leave you
walk past the people who are waiting to
go into Oprah
that's the worst walk of shame I've ever
done I don't know what I just saw but
you guys are gonna get presents and
that's cool
we have any Scientologists here okay
yeah bigger Dukas are flames and [ __ ]
um so I'm like I'm kind of like a big
deal in the Scientology community I'm
kind of a celebrity over there what
happened was me and my friend Ari we
watched that Scientology documentary
going clear in HBO have you guys seen it
something crazy it took a bizarre weird
thing that happens literally on the same
street we're on right so we watch that
and we're like you let's go there and
like check it out like [ __ ] around cuz
you know or lose there's me a lot of
free time right so we hop in the car and
we're driving there and I called my
friend Steve and I'm like dude you got
to come with us we can go sign Church of
Scientology go [ __ ] around then he goes
no way dude that's a cult they're going
to brainwash you and they're going to
take your money and I'm like look dude I
grew up on a [ __ ] hippie commune and
I'm in a a I know cult tricks okay
they're not going to get me with that
[ __ ] but you can't be in three cults in
one lifetime like [ __ ] upset you know
so yeah so we get there right and we
walk through the doors and some people
greet us know okay how are you guys
doing and we wanted them to like cord us
in awhile which we wanted to meet Tom
Cruise who on the whole experience right
and so they were like also what do you
guys do and I was like all the Trust's
on baby that's never been on the
internet before and they got rock-hard
they were like let's take this [ __ ]
idiots and money okay and then they
brought us into the sales office right
it's actually called like the Hope
Center they get really mad if you call
the sales office it feels just like a
timeshare presentation and they sit us
down they make us fill out some
questionnaires and stuff and it came
back and they told me I was the most
depressed person they've ever seen in
their entire life and I was like that's
true but [ __ ] you dude and so and they
said I was unmotivated and I'm like
that's not sure that's not that's not
true I'm very motivated so we leave and
we start walking around the building
right we have no idea where we're going
right and we I took the cheese platter -
that was sitting there was eaten cheese
walking around the Church of Scientology
and we take a service elevator into the
basement and we start walking around the
basement of the Church of Scientology I
mean no clue where we're going right and
this guy stops us he's like hey you know
we're like hope [ __ ] like you're going
to throw some Scientology prison they're
gonna make us watch Top Gun over and
over again like we're [ __ ] we're never
getting out of here and then the guy
goes are you in the purification program
and I was like yeah quick on my feet and
and then you go oh perfect you want to
be in the photo shoot and I'm like yeah
I want to be in the photo shoot are you
kidding me so they bring us into the
purification room right this room where
you sit in a sauna for like 30 days and
treadmill and we'll need vitamins until
you're like ready to get brainwashed
right and they go where's your uniform
so I was like laundry did and they bring
us brand new uniforms which I stole
which is dope because they have to buy a
Halloween costume was here we go into
the purification right we have a full
professional photo shoot with the church
Scientology we end up leaving and we
start talking to this guy and he said
wait were you in the photo shoot are you
in the magazine we're like yeah he's
like dude I'm born and raised in
Scientology nuts still never once been
in the magazine but holy [ __ ] and I'm
like that's because you're fat did
sure they don't like fat people there
they said that's me we end up leaving
right and they actually call me less
than Equinox does which is crazy this
one ah calls you a lot and then three
months later I open the mail I get this
this magazine called freedom magazine
it's like a Scientology magazine and I'm
flipping through and then page six is me
and my friend Ari just sitting in the
sauna just like
um the other day I was outside of my
apartment and a woman was walking her
dog and I went oh my god he's so cute
and she goes it's a she I was like oh my
god I'm so sorry I forgot to look at
your dog's genitals like next time I'll
just oh she's cute she has a vagina so
she's cute anyway but yeah my friends
are awesome I have this one friend that
always groups me into her need to lose
weight she'll be like we really need to
lose weight like when did we let
ourselves go okay but like she's that
same friend who will try on a dress and
be like what do you think of it honestly
and I'll be like you look good you're
lying I'm like okay she's also the same
friend who doesn't listen when we're on
the phone like I'll be like my
grandmother died and the funerals gonna
be in next weekend and and she'll go YUM
I wasn't talking about food and that's
okay that's okay but I realized my
priorities in life the other day because
a friend of mine mentioned that Arby's
was the bottom rung of fast food and I
went no it's not
I was like they have curly fries like
like literally like on Fat Tuesday like
people were like we're gonna get
pancakes and I was like I'm gonna go to
Arby's I just sit in my car and I just
like eat by myself and it's great also
like I love Chili's I feel like I'm a
sponsored comic Chili's margaritas baby
back ribs but I love chili it's like
whenever I have a friend visit they're
like where should we go to eat I'm like
there's a Chili's and Sherman Oaks
[Laughter]
whatever you want to do
- yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not a good recipient of the sexy
whisper you know if a guy's like what
[Laughter]
say it again babe
bad posture I recently did a corporate
event I know right and this woman came
up to me afterwards and she was like oh
my god she's like uh if I was a lesbian
you would so be my height she's like oh
sorry sorry I've had a wine Oh wine
[ __ ] you're a lesbian so um
I don't know if you're familiar but
pornhub has a category called pornhub
for women okay familiar that's my girl
and I wanted to be like offended by it
right and then I was like I went on it I
watched a film and then afterwards
afterwards it went straight into an
interview with the actress like I've
been sitting with clothes on talking not
like porno for women you can get it
[Applause]
[Music]
because usually when you date a girl
she's chill till you [ __ ] her oh it's
happened to you recently he's like I
just got rid of a clinger I can help you
I can save you okay this is gonna save a
life because I finally figured it out it
took me five years [ __ ] jokes this is
like a PSA okay because a lot of guys
think it's the sex they think it's your
like dick cuz you'll go out with your
friends and we start sending you 4050
texts whatever don't count and you guys
are like I don't know I [ __ ] her once
now she won't stop texting me
I think I'd dignitize her sticked her
down
so good I'm telling you guys it's not
the dick great dick is great but it's
the after dick it's the cuddling why do
you guys fake cuddle like we fake
orgasms you [ __ ] fake cuddle knock that
[ __ ] off it's [ __ ] up our heads okay
why do [ __ ] go crazy cuz you hold us
all night then we blow up your phone and
you don't answer if we blow up your car
that's on you
sorry
we don't want to write no girl wants to
know ones like I want to ruin a guy's
life no but we catch feelings when you
cuddle us we can't help it and so you
guys know I'm not mad at you
the guys look scared it's not your fault
I used to think it was your fault it's
not you know why they don't feel what we
feel because they are asleep that's the
truth
they calm their dick and brain explode
together
it's just brain dead only reason they
wake up is if they get horny again like
their dick wakes them back up somehow
otherwise they're knocked out but guys
just so you know women don't sleep not
really not for months every girl here
knows the beginning is when we trick you
guys into thinking we're perfect so we
can't fart
we can't drool I won't let my face touch
the pillow like you can't no I wear
makeup like I will walk to McDonald's to
[ __ ] for a year every girl will leave
your house no one shits in your house
think about it you've never seen a girl
[ __ ] in your house the first year no we
leave and then you guys think we're so
sweet you're like oh my god this one
brings me coffee every morning yeah we
have to
true you can't come back with nothing
right what are we gonna tell you sorry
went to Chevron had to [ __ ]
[Music]
there's a here scene like an empty
storefront you can't tell what it is
like it's called like the vineyard or
family victory or the rock there's a new
building my house called a rock you guys
some hand out some flyers outside you
coming on down to the rock this weekend
we got live music food drinks do for the
kids
oh that sounds like church no it's a
Teen Center where's the community-based
health initiatives and a pregnancy get a
yeah it's Church I wouldn't get mad but
they have tried to trick me want to come
to a show it's clean Joe sure where's it
at cool new coffee shop oh yeah what's a
call crossroads
oh stop lurking behind your Jimi Hendrix
font if they want to get the numbers in
and do the switcheroo just call
something everybody wants to go to you
coop it on down to sex hole yes
you didn't have to advertise sex hole
everybody wants to go to sex hole
what what's going on inside we're gonna
come on in to find out oh that sounds
like church
yeah I'm Heather and I am technically a
millennial I'm on that weird class
depending on your source either a
millennial or a normal so I try to do
things at my millennial brethren or up
to like I'm on that millennial diet
which means I only eat food that other
people pay for Millennials love hash
tags hash tag me too I recently read
that Millennials are turning to anal sex
at increasing rates
looks like I'm an animal my mom still
lives in Texas but I talk to her every
day and a couple years ago she was
telling me about her friend Jack and his
wife Rebecca and then a couple months
later she was like Kate really needs to
lose that weight and it's a mom who are
you talking about and she said on my
program so I had a binge watch this is
us to catch up on my mom's new friends
my roommate walked in heard the music
and said that's the most depressing show
ever right my mom made me but watch Game
of Thrones as well which was much easier
I just walked around for a month after
suspicious of everyone around me I was
talking to my mom about the whole incest
 and she defended her buddies by
saying like well you know back in that
day they'd sleep with their family
members to keep the bloodlines pure back
in what day you know Game of Thrones
isn't a documentary
super stoked about her take on The
Handmaid's Tale
[Music]
I need to go see a psychic for my love
life that's what I need to do you know
my roommate is psychic she came up to me
she's like this girl Sarah is blowing
your ex I was like oh my god you see
that she's like no I had drinks with her
yesterday and she told me my mom thinks
she's psychic which she's not she's a
bikini waxer but legit
she thinks she's psychic when it comes
to my love life she's like send me photo
of the guy you're dating and from his
eyes I can tell he's the one for you I'm
like I don't want to do it I send it to
her she goes Wow loser she doesn't like
any of the guys photos I sent her so I'm
just trying to throw her off her game
so I've been sending her mug shots of
God just straight up and she's like oh I
like him he has kind eyes yeah mom well
his kind eyes are doing life in prison
for murder she's both from his eyes he's
innocent you know my parents actually
just moved to Vegas they've been here
for one year twice they've seen alien
spaceships in the air two times both
times my dad was like I wish they took
your mom I just know we emigrated from
Iran and when we immigrated my mom lost
my birth certificate
straight up opium she lost it I don't
even know how old I am no idea which is
great when I'm on a date obviously
because the guys like us so how old are
you and I'm just like yes
no really guess I really I don't know
but I asked my mom I was like mom when's
my birthday she's like
it's was snowing some like anywhere
between like 25 and it was snowing okay
I don't even know how old I am feel like
I don't even look like my parents I feel
like I'm the Khloe Kardashian of the
family Thank You Khloe k fans I like
that
got a cardi B sound up in there okay
okay I feel like I'm the Khloe K of the
family like my mom is like this short my
dad looks like a gay Pablo Escobar and I
just looked like the love child of
Michael Jackson and Cher just you
laughed too hard okay she totally does
all right yeah yeah I get that all the
time like you look like Cher I'm like
would share with chaeryoung cher old
shared rag share pick a share right I
think God you look like a Persian cher I
get that you look like a Persian Cher
I'm like that's not true
Persians don't share
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what's Papa yeah like we don't know that
[ __ ] it's Coco I don't know y'all
[ __ ] even something salt let sorry I'm
fresh back from New York so I'm I'm a
little disrespectful
it's all good cuz like in New York you
know it's just a little bit different my
friend you know in New York you know
dudes when I get your number they're
gonna be politely rude they're just
gonna come our team back excuse me
sweetheart are we [ __ ] or not no [ __ ]
outta here [ __ ] excuse me man
I'm [ __ ] or not I like that right he's
honest he's quick he's persistent gives
compliments your business trippin yeah
it's red but y'all know what y'all want
I don't know what y'all want y'all
better not late too long that's what it
is that's cool that's different so you
don't even know search it is different
out here in LA like I get it as fashion
but like too many dudes be having all
these rips in a Jesus [ __ ] and I got
rips in my jeans and like you want to
borrow my lotion now [ __ ] outta here
bruh that's just that's not masculine
I'm sorry like there's nothing masculine
about you strolling along and your
fabric is just blowing in the wind
brother like fake-ass Fabio [ __ ] out of
here fashion over man got y'all [ __ ]
up that's what it is
now I'm gonna wear leopard print jeans
too with this [ __ ] outta air like wake
up in the morning next to Nelly put his
on like uh-uh uh-uh give me the give it
a mediums baby you take the smalls the
smalls of yours you ever seem to do with
like rips in his jeans get into a fight
nope don't even look right alright my ex
got into a fight and then she came up
but she was like girl which one is yours
I look like the one just like me [ __ ]
so I would go twin let's go twin that
ain't right
that ain't right I'm stuck I'm stuck I'm
stuck would be nice ever be nice
psych so look here right like since I'm
single as [ __ ] like you know you've got
to set like boundaries and stuff right
like I'm not like down with the hug
hello now not the hug hello is like I
cool I like the hug hello but just from
ugly dudes stop hugging me stop next I'm
sorry let's just be real like just be
real like like every time I let me do
hugs you lose three years of your life
man I was 21 when I got here like I hug
poor ugly [ __ ] on the way and I
was like I'm a dad before I get to the
stage it's not cool you ever see two
ugly dudes hug no they cancel each other
out like Infinity Ward I should like
[Laughter]
[Music]
keep it real up here how you doing cool
no question I get asked is uh I look you
look like a deer in headlights honey I
know you got blonde hair and light eyes
but it's okay
it's alright you like Nutella I do two
basic [ __ ] for life [ __ ] yeah man
I'll drink it caramel macchiato
Frappuccino straighten up dude that
shit's delicious are you trying to get
money why what'd you do
yeah I know honey
she can't walk down the Starbucks to get
you a Frappuccino trying to give her an
extra tip so sure there's a coffee bean
down there another question I got oh my
gosh you're great just keep laughing
like that I'll work around it
I don't need to tell jokes at this point
I'll just you could be the punchline for
the rest of the way
another question I get asked is what
kind of porn I watch like guys will just
add something out you watch lesbian porn
like you mean the two straight girls
that are faking it yeah no I watch gay
porn that's right yeah two dudes oh it
just got real quiet in here yeah not
some attracted them or anything but
because I'm a FEMINIST and every now and
then I like to see a couple guys go [ __ ]
themselves mistaking a porn because I am
apartment hunting my last apartment had
a paper-thin walls I could hear
everything going on in my neighbor's
place and one night I was I was laying
in bed which was pushed all the way up
against the wall and I was watching porn
gay porn and then I heard my neighbors
just like going at it guy and a girl
just like oh yeah oh [ __ ] I'm pressing
new
so I'm watching you know that day but
I'm here the real thing and then she
starts banging on the wall later that
week I saw my neighbor outside the
complex and he was like a weird question
ugh can you like hear me having sex and
I was like nah
later that night he sneeze I sent him a
text message saying god bless you
[Music]
I went on a camping trip with ten black
lesbians now look I know that sounds
like that's the joke but it's not so we
were getting ready to go and my
girlfriend at the time was like you know
oh it's just in Mount Shasta it's like
you know three hours away first of all
that's just like nine hours away okay
and so when we get there she's like lo
try not to be like time-sensitive this
weekend time-sensitive means that I'm
just aware of the time you know what I
mean like but she calls it
time-sensitive don't be time-sensitive
okay let's do this camping thing we're
gonna do this you know so 10 black
lesbians and we go to sleep at 9 we wake
up the next morning and I was like you
know what it's really lovely out here
this is really refreshing so but they're
ten of us which is a lot of food to cook
so my friend Nina is out there and she's
got like you know scrambled eggs for
10:00 and I'm over here and I've got
like you know pot of grits for ten and
we're stirring and I was like does this
seem a little bit slavey to you I mean
just like a tiny bit but she was like oh
my god yeah right I was like right
[Laughter]
there were all these bees flying around
us you know and I turned to her and I
was like these bees all is bad today huh
and she was like oh I see no now you
taking it too far you see you took it
too far and I was like sorry that's my
bad I always just go like a little too
far there's very hard to get us to be
able to like leave anywhere on time you
know like we'd rented a boat to go out
that day and it was like okay we're
gonna leave at 12 o'clock you know so at
12 o'clock I'm like but you know Ted
time sensitive so uh ten black lesbians
just like everybody was trying to manage
everything
you know just lesbian management you
know it's like done with the tofu and
with the meat don't put the tofu in them
where's the life vest for the dogs
somebody had to go back for a cowboy hat
that was me but what I'm saying is he's
very difficult to get us to leave on
time I don't know how Harriet Tubman did
it I know she must have been time
sensitive she's probably probably time
today
[Applause]
[Music]
I love traveling because it always
reminds me honestly that like I love
working with guys because you can fill
your spare time with anything and women
need a lot of [ __ ] going on to keep
ourselves occupied guys you like to play
that game what would you do for a
million dollars I just spent ten days
with like five guys you guys can play
that all day what would you do for a
million dollars what would you do for a
million dollars that game should
actually just be called how much money
would it take me to be gay right cuz
does that game always start out one way
but it [ __ ] ends like a totally
different way I can always start selling
something like hey dude would you shave
your head for a million dollars but it
ends with would you blow Steve for a
million dollars it's like you're testing
your friends to see how much money it
would take and you guys all know you had
that one guy friend that would do it for
a lot [ __ ] less than he should and
it's awkward right he comes flying out
of the corner so like dude up those
stupid ten thousand dollars that's a lot
of money where the [ __ ] is Steve
somebody calling him or what are we
doing we're getting him to Steve coming
over he's coming over right ladies don't
play that game right ladies we don't
play that game you can't be like hey
Joanie would you go down on Sidney for a
million dollars I'd like uh I did it for
a shot of tequila what's the game I
don't get it I feel like when you're
young you think you're invincible you do
you're like I can eat that I can drink
that I'll stick that in my mouth STDs
are an urban legend blah blah blah then
when you get older you think everything
is going to kill you mark my words I
think everything is going to kill me
like Georgia the shooting pain in your
heart when you breathe in that weird
random stabbing pain when you breathe in
but you keep breathing cuz you think
[ __ ] it if I'm gonna go out of my god
fighting and then you fought and it's
gone what the [ __ ] is that but why do we
have gas in our hearts people why is
that even a thing why is it even there
and you don't want a fart cuz god forbid
you do four and you have a heart attack
that's a horrible way to go oh my god
nobody wants to go right now right now
she had Mexican food last night and
farted lower heart right out
now I told her girls aren't supposed to
fart in public she did it anyway and had
a fart attack that's what she had dirty
girl
but you know what I'm grateful I have an
awesome family I have an interesting
mama though my mama is something I'm
sure some of y'all might be able to
attest to this with your mom she just
called you and she won't [ __ ] anybody
had that was she called hang up call
hang up call hang up and then leave a
message there don't make no sense it's a
real message my mother left on my phone
hello
chance hello is she there old people
think the beep is you hello
chance listen I think the girl
downstairs making meth in the basement
nobody making meth in your basement they
selling weed she was off my mom those
two people too and he are experiencing
in your experience on your mom's two
people she went with me to my
parent-teacher conference she was the
whitest black woman your vicinity all
right
[Applause]
hey baby
soon she got me home she choked me the
[ __ ] out don't you ever don't like to
let teachers nothing about what I do in
my house
chastity stop closing your eyes like you
passing out
I'm not talking you all the way Bob
embarrass me so frequently so often my
first holiday would hurry my dad I meet
my dad so I'm 18 got cooler than the
word come in hey hey hey hey he poked at
my mom he hates and that's how you doing
she's a hey wait tell me his punk ass
was coming I hate it though it says why
you tell me
[ __ ] I hate him it don't look
like you do I think you're giving him
something
[Music]
I'm half-jewish chef regular and I'm not
technically a Jew because my mom is
Christian and sexually attractive so but
but my dad is so Jewish that I didn't go
to Hebrew school because he didn't want
to pay the Jews you have to pay to
belong to a temple and all my cousins on
my non-jews side like never wanted to
play the me and I was like you guys I
didn't choose to be Jewish okay I was
chosen it's like don't f with me uh and
my it's kind of creeping my dad's 15
years older than my mom but to be fair I
read it in GQ that men who marry younger
women tend to live longer and I told my
dad that and he said that that's their
punishment yeah and then he said if he
could go back in time you wouldn't need
a family he would just need a
wheelbarrow for all the money he'd still
have so happy loves us uh he's 68 and I
look like I'm 15 so when we're out in
the Midwest people usually think he's my
grandfather and then when we're out in
LA they think he's my boyfriend super
gross and people always think I'm a
teenager I'm like excuse me um do real
tears have mustaches no they don't
white guys are the worst because white
guys will get your phone number and then
they'll small talk text you which is the
most annoying thing on the whole
planet I gave you my phone number so
that you would call me like a grown up
not so that our first communication ever
after we meet is a text from you that
says how you doing I mean it's like 4:00
in the afternoon
let me just had a shitty day so like if
I really I really respond how I'm doing
and that's gonna be a paragraph and then
he's gonna think I'm crazy how are you
doing and then you go oh I know I used
texted me that because ladies whenever I
guys text you how you doing what he's
trying to say is hey I would really like
to have sex with you later but that has
earned four hours from them so that's
hoping we could open up the lines of
communication get some witty banter
going and maybe I can get a out
of that as long as I remember I got a
text you how you doing what he wants you
to respond is I'd be doing a lot better
if your was in my
so I'm not doing so good I'm doing
really bad I like this one too first
communication ever a text from you that
says what's up what's up Wow Walt
Whitman calm down your poetry is really
making me excited what's up your in
about 15 minutes
my favorite whenever the text me that
says hey hey Wow
captain effort calm down I mean this is
moving a little fast I don't know if I
can handle all this commitment at once
hey no punctuation you're crazy
hey hay is for horses video of a horse
 so again
oh man no I found this because I believe
in equality and I feel like I believe
women in the right direction you know
all I gave directions because I can't
cuz I'm a woman but I do things except
one
I won't fart in front of my boyfriend
you guys it's a horrible
I'd go with them for seven years and
I've been having some stomach issues
I went to the doctor they're like I'm so
sorry to tell you this Jay but you are a
100% forwards on the inside I know you
guys you're on dates and you're on what
it's like these and dips but come with
me okay you're in bed and you're by
yourself and your fart oh oh this is
that feel and it smells so bad but so
good oh you let it marinate you can
guilt under the covers for laughing and
tell this smell is too much for your
soul the best and sometimes it makes a
sound enjoy the best you could rinse and
repeat as many times as you want it's
your bubble it's your duvet cover you
live your truth you know but when you're
a girlfriend in a relationship you go
crazy you can't have that anymore you
have to trade that to the devil so you
can have validation like whenever I'm in
bed and I have to fart because I'm a
human being with intestines and feelings
they're weak I'm in bed and I have to
fart my brain panics because you want to
blame
so I roll up into a ball hoping the far
wing out behind my knee for a second
steady and that's what my boyfriend's
like baby okay I'm like I'm freezing and
I'm not cold you guys but I am shivering
because it's taking every muscle and
that's when he tries to sell me for my
heart and then I have to wait for him to
fall asleep mad at me so that I can
sneak into the bathroom of my own home
but I decorated myself with furniture I
[ __ ] found on the street and then I
have to hold on to something and let the
far now so slow not even enjoyable
anymore because it shouldn't even be
called the fart because that's too fun
aboard for what I'm doing just slowly
releasing a prisoner and then I crawl
back in bed really quiet you know
because I don't want to wake up the
prince he's so tired from all those
video games you be and then I crawl back
in bed and then he farts on me the rest
of the night wherever it is buffalo land
is where I feel the heat
we're a Philly entitlement and somehow
like that cute
[Music]
I'll give a [ __ ] though I do check this
despite everything I just said I have a
maid at my apartment now it's [ __ ]
crazy turns out anybody can have a maid
now if you have an iPhone there's this
app I downloaded it it's called Handy
right you don't get hand jobs from it
just I'm just going to say that up
thought so you just get that out of your
head it's just a app where you pay $50 a
month and once a month they send a maid
to come clean your place right normally
they send old Mexican lady she shows up
she does an amazing job she kills if she
gets behind the toilet right last month
they sent this 23 year old white guy
named Kyle
you look just like me I opened the door
and he's like who's up dude I'm Kyle
here the food price just [ __ ]
drinking a Slurpee and I'm like didn't
get the [ __ ] out of your town
[Music]
how did you [ __ ] up white privilege that
battle
um I'm not saying it's a good thing I'm
just saying it's a real thing and Kyle
[ __ ] it up
if you're a 23 year old white guy
working as a maid for a nap that means
you're a drug addict or a thief or both
okay I had to follow Kyle around the
entire two and a half hours to make sure
I didn't steal [ __ ] dude I can just
clean it myself
and worst part cows cows cleaning my
fridge right and he's like hey dude
you're gonna finish this last slice of
pizza like strike two Kyle
five minutes later right he's got his
[ __ ] headphones in he's sweeping he
dumps the mop water into the sink like a
goddamn animal right and then he goes to
me he's like dude you got to come check
out my band play on the sixteenth my
guard strike three get the [ __ ] out Kyle
you ginger [ __ ]
all right um I'm just gonna I'm gonna
[ __ ] I'm gonna come out and say it
all right I wanted to marry my mom when
I was a little kid big one she [ __ ]
led me on though you know she did she'd
always say things like I love you so
much you're the most beautiful girl in
the world I never knew love until I had
you saw sight oh my god she's [ __ ]
into me
she's about it and like when I was
little when I was little I didn't know a
lot about marriage but I did know that
when you love somebody you marry them
right so I was like all right [ __ ] I
gotta tell her that I want to marry her
too I got nervous I was like working up
to the day that I was gonna tell her and
I was like oh but what if she like
doesn't like what if she's not into me
what she doesn't want to marry me what
if dad finds out and he gets jealous the
possibilities are endless so one night
she's tuck me into bed I'm five years
old and I was like all right just
[ __ ] tell her how you feel tell her
she's tucking me in and I look up at her
and I was like mom mom I gotta tell you
that I love you so much I'm gonna marry
you one day she looked back at me and
said something that I will never forget
she took a long drag of her cigarette
she said marriage marriage is a scam I
don't know why I did it I don't know why
I married your father all he doesn't
smoke weed and go surfing I could have
lived in Paris I could have been a
writer but you know what I had a family
[Laughter]
how's that alright so that's not a no
[Laughter]
okay
[Music]
prior to moving to Los Angeles for the
longest time I was living with my best
friend and his husband yeah I said that
right out of [ __ ] that okay I know what
I saw on that house those two dudes a
lot of my straight friends act like we
can't be straight males in this world
and be best friends with gay gentlemen
so they say these things to me all the
time like Oh your roommate he's hitting
on your hyung he's taking swings at you
huh and every time I hear that I just
want to slap the [ __ ] out of him for
saying it because of course that
[ __ ] hitting on me come on now
all this sexual chocolate walking around
the house man 240 pounds of it okay yeah
man I go to the gay bars lit up - that's
just tight but like gay dudes literally
have the best pick-up lines and can hit
on you without you even knowing it man
we were chilling there right and almost
sudden this dude comes up to me grabs my
shoulder turns me into him is like why
are you yelling at me
[Applause]
and I looked at him like I didn't say
nothin to you sir no why are you yelling
and me I'll say I don't know if you got
me confused with some other big
chocolate hand in this club but I didn't
say [ __ ] to you and he replied with this
line he goes actually you weren't
yelling at me but those eyes are yo talk
about the sweetest [ __ ] I ever heard man
my eyes were yelling at him in a sexual
way I didn't know they [ __ ] could do
that that's tight man [ __ ] it tripped me
out because I'm supposed to wear glasses
but I don't because I'm rebellious as
[ __ ] so most of the time my face is like
this so in fact that he thought that was
sexy
man [ __ ] don't blasters I'll need those
damn thing guys let's watch
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
this is how we doin
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't dance ow I make monomers if you
see whose eat carbohydrates tonight
[ __ ] ladies what's this isn't
decorative Mama's gonna have [ __ ] it's
hard oh my gosh it's hot I got a big one
puzzle sheets on high I thought I
thought I feel just like a rock star -
that's a drive-by Burger King I wanna
wah wah wah okay guys I don't like to
brag or anything but mama just lost 45
pounds Oh we'll try to give you a thigh
gap hold on
hashtag fitness goals I mean I don't
care if it's a damn camel toe I'm
getting a thigh gap this year [ __ ] guys
get a thigh gap now I'm gonna tell you
one thing I'll tell you well first of
all I gotta be honest in here I did lose
45 pounds
I kept off seven don't like to brag
it's hard it's hard losing weight and
keeping that [ __ ] off what they don't
tell you when you lose weight is that
it's it's never a as never as never ever
gone it's gonna try to find you wherever
you go like a [ __ ] stalker like this
[ __ ] I'm trying to help you out but
you know I shouldn't have carbs and you
got it anyway it's like your weight is
always sitting on the sidelines like
this ready here we go it's to pass the
mashed potatoes with extra gravy
[Applause]
[Applause]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you know you oh when you lie about your
age and your fake ages old - I'm getting
oh y'all
I started getting great hairs all along
my edges man I'm not ready for that I
had to get this stuff right it's called
gray away it's supposed to cover up your
gray hair yeah somebody I'll know about
that so I sprayed it all along my edges
that stuff look good they'll never know
I went to a party y'all I was killing it
okay doing all my 90's dance moves
halfway through that party all that
stuff was gone sweat it out I went in
that party young and cute came out old
as hell my friend stole all that brace
yourself
Oh what happened I said girl that party
stressed me out you know this it's
terrifying man I recently started losing
friends due to old age I mean they
didn't die or nothing I just can't
associate with them no more cuz I hate
when I'm old looking [ __ ] start telling
people we grew up together like no we
did not
you don't get your legs out of here once
you get a certain age you got to be
careful who you hang out with y'all ask
me oh by association
this old man try to holla at me
yesterday he must have been about 75 I
said sir I am NOT interested he said I
just want to be your friend I said I
don't want no grande friend they always
took my black don't crack black don't
crack apparently once in a while it does
and when it don't crack it damn short
pops then bones and them joints be pop
it okay that's the trick you can't look
at black people you gotta listen to him
black people be walking around looking
like teenagers sounding like bubble wrap
just wrap that baby like damn that's you
my uncle sat down his knee something
like gunshots come I was like oh they
shootin half the time you in a black
neighborhood thinking this is shootout
that's probably just black people
[Music]
ya know and when it comes to dating
right cuz like the Chinese part of me is
always like oh Sierra find a nice
Chinese boy to date and then the
Japanese part of me is like no no
find a nice Japanese boy to date right
and then the American part of me is like
I don't know they're all yellow to me
like just just pick one like there's
like a bajillion of you guys you do the
math is typically better at that thank
you
yeah I know I I don't I also I don't
speak either language I only speak
English so it's pretty weird I'll go to
like a Chinese restaurant and they're
always coming at me speaking in their
tongues and I'm just like
sorry no hablo English what
yeah but you know that you know they
they kind of judge me like they think
I'm a little less Asian because I don't
speak Asian and no okay so yeah and I
hurts
feels a little awkward so I figured if
that ever happens again I'm just gonna
leave and then drive away and crash into
seventeen cars and be like who's the
Asian now [ __ ]
I recently posted to Facebook that I was pregnant
Not true but my attention meter was low that day
 
And I'm mentally ill
Have I have to see medical attention for this
Which is actually find because medical attention is still a form of attention
But I did post this pregnancy thing on Twitter or
on Facebook, both
And my mom saw it
And she called me, hysterically, what is this?
You know, what's happening?
And I was like, "Mom, I am not really pregnant, okay?
And if I was really pregnant, I absolutely would've tagged
you in the Facebook post
I also would've taken time to checking with you
And make sure that you are absolutely ready to raise this baby for me
But at last I am not pregnant
Unless stuffed animals can get you pregnant
But I appreciate they can't
It's probably the right time for me
just bite the bullet in like you know
the inwear in my maternity jeans
Not pregnant just lazy as hell
And unfortunately there's no morning after pill for eating a dozen donuts
They just stay there and they grow
please a nice hand for Jade gato Preto
love 16 and pregnant to show the title
pretty much explains the premise of the
show but I love it cuz the little
montage in the beginning when the girls
like hi my name is Ashley I'm a size two
I love tennis my life's like pretty much
perfect but that's all about to change
because I'm pregnant and they're like
this is my husband George
you mean that 14 year old boy with no
pubes what are you talking about I just
gave birth to that thing that's your I
don't have my own version of the show
it's just gonna be a bunch of like jewy
all the women around a pool it's gonna
be called 60 in pregnant I'm a size 12 I
love life I love Kappas what are you
gonna do I thought I'd piss myself the
other day but I didn't because I'm
pregnant little Benjamin Button baby
comes ah feed that thing it looks hungry
well you know you're a big fan of
reality shows yeah as you as are you not
really well you loved Celebrity
Apprentice
I like Celebrity Apprentice although I
can't tell the difference between that
and Celebrity Rehab both say this out
but seriously do you have to have a
screwed up life to have your own reality
show I don't know I guess it's an
attention thing people love attention
you know not me but how bad how
embarrassing would it be if your own
reality show got canceled on it that'd
be like saying your life is not
interesting at all you know or your
problems aren't interesting I don't know
I watch them although I'm not gonna lie
I mean all of it from hoarders to animal
hoarders but but you don't want babies
are you doing want babies oh yeah I'm
very excited all right take it easy take
it easy
how many would you want I think I want I
want two to three babies so you'd like
to have a big family yeah I have a small
family and my parents were always like
they were never like the have all your
friends over type of family so I'd love
to be like you know that parent that
could let everyone come over and you
want to you want to get a house where
well that's what my friend has all their
kids over because they know at least we
know where they are they're not in
trouble you know sure they're shooting
heroin they're not going about driving
after that who wants to go driving on
heroin right come on and do you think
you'd be a good mother
yeah and what if your baby was a dwarf
would you put him up for adoption no no
no no no you can't tell when they're
babies can you tell I think you start to
tell I think it's like a two to three
year old would you ever abort a child
Wow not again portion yet I think the
big question with abortions is when does
life actually begin now Oryza means a
lot of people say life begins at 40 so
we're clear you've got a draw the line
somewhere
myself or take a parallel
[Applause]
hey my name is Kristen key as he
mentioned but you're probably just gonna
remember me as that girl we saw remember
that what she kind of looked like what
would happen if Ellen has a baby with a
mean lady from Glee it's not that funny
now it's just hurtful now I get those
two a lot and usually they're not told
to me it's shouted like not a compliment
it's not always a compliment to tell
somebody that they look like a celebrity
if it's an old celebrity or maybe like
an ugly one you know like what if
somebody walked up to you sir was like
oh wow you look just like Steve Buscemi
you feel like we'll [ __ ] you
they just don't come across the way
people meet him I was in target the
first time someone told me I look like
that lady from Glee her name's Jane
Lynch and she's very talented and very
funny but I was standing at Target I
didn't know this woman she comes and she
goes oh my god has anyone ever told you
you look just like Jane Lynch all I
heard was oh my god has anyone ever told
you you look just like an old lesbian
well not today
actually from California but now that I
live in New York I'm a [ __ ] murderer
okay like I am so aggressive and angry
about everything now like I literally
get out of the shower with a hand on my
head do you know like I just got it like
just pissed to be alive and clean just
one of the day have in store for me
today like my socks are dark like my
socks are crazy like the first thing I
think now and I see a man walking with
flowers is just like I wonder if he hit
her you know like you don't it would
show forgiveness oh [ __ ] girl
just giving me those [ __ ] snap I mean
I'm in a relationship as well it's uh
it's nice to be in a relationship I
wasn't sure it was gonna happen for a
very long time and he's a nice guy but
we're not perfect you know we've been
dating for years and were in our 30s and
not married so yeah I'm pissed
[Music]
what the [ __ ] do I put in my goddamn
time do you know what I mean I didn't
think he realizes how easy it would be
you know like he doesn't even have to
give me a diamond to could give me a
piece of salami I'll react the same way
[Laughter]
give me it
time to tell me where I just had sprout
bite his dick I'm just kidding I need
that I need that and he's a nice guy I'm
not used to dating nice guys I'm sure
we've all dated a Raider fan or to you
know to me just real pieces of trash
guys where you look at them you're like
no no you don't even need to take off
your shirt I know you have any Oh sanity
Sam tattoo on your chest I know that
mm-hmm but he's a nice guy and I dated
such terrible people I haven't been able
to like entire things after them you
know like I dated a guy that cheated on
me with a girl from Oregon so guess
who's never going to Oregon mm-hmm no
that's where the [ __ ] live just call
it [ __ ] again save me a joke what are
you doing thank you solo clapper I don't
know if you like beer like this is the
one I'm killing tonight are you from
Oregon are you a fat troll named Laurie
just getting um over it you guys a month
fat troll tattoo get out of here [ __ ]
you
[Music]
really I'm Alaskan my girlfriend I we
actually just moved in together we have
been together a while some like three
and a half almost four days
Nathan betta ladies finally making a
comeback this was hilarious more of this
lesbo please bring your partner so we
can come to enjoy hi I'm Alex powers and
welcome to comic look I'm Alex powers
and welcome to comics roasting comments
hasn't sticked hold the mouse to say the
Internet it looks for a moment like it
was going to be this nice place a hotbed
of intellectualism in sophistication and
then people showed up you're not really
a lesbian you were just raped as a kid
she check out that profile captain a
meeting 12 your subscribers
Anthony Chacon says he only clicked
because she is kind of hot no talent oh
well Anthony my dad thinks I'm hot and
talented so if she's the dude why does
she care how big the strap-on is if you
had a choice to go pick out how big your
dick was you'd have a preference right I
hate lesbian even I liked this chick he
fell chick wrong she ain't got no damn
belly button my belly button is covered
up by my pants because you can't see it
therefore I don't have one I guess by
that logic I don't have a [ __ ] or an
apple either yes on the street I'm known
as lesbo Barbie she looks like her
touches were drawn on with a sharpie
actually just this one I drew an arrow
pointing to it cause it's so tiny she
looks like the cash me out flag girl in
25 years there's another one she would
play for cash me outside girl in 15
years that's more like a how old is that
girl now like 13 or 14 so lesbian
Jennifer Lawrence not bad
thank you it's all you other trolls out
there don't like how I roasted your
comment you can catch me outside how
about that
they give the comments on my standard
video where's that [ __ ] up I can't
imagine how the comments are going to be
on this one
but I think I'm getting better at
communicating now with all kinds of
people for instance the other day I
accidentally cut a guy off in traffic
and he yelled at me learn how to drive
you stupid I was like oh my god
like I had to think fast and like what
could I save this guy that would make
him embarrassed for that behavior so I
just yelled I'm a man
[Applause]
you shouldn't assume
[Laughter]
which gets me thinking I'm I'm getting
older I'm 27 I'm not that old but like
our Kelly wouldn't be interested in me
I'm just so irritated by how much easier
it is aging for men versus women like
I've even heard people say that men get
more attractive as they get older which
is like so what I think I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna wait till I'm like
60 there's a spectrum and like maybe
then it won't be like oh you look tired
it'll be like have you been writing a
book
you look distinguished so I work a lot
just what I say to people I never want
to see I used to work in an office and I
hated it but I couldn't quit because it
takes so long to train people to not
expect much from you like start over
somewhere else like anyone's I like to
make that decision so my work was really
nice and and they made it for me and
that's great like I found my like dream
job afterwards and I'm gonna apply to it
next week and I do have a problem with
procrastination but I've been trying to
get better I've bought a lot of
self-help books a lot of books about
like starting things down and like I'm
sure I'll get to them but my favorite
self-help book is the murray condos
magical art of tidying okay so my
favorite part in that book is when she
says to hold each one of your
possessions in your hand and if it
doesn't bring you joy get rid of it
right so I don't have that book anymore
can we really feel better
[Music]
but here's the thing I live in a really
cool part of Los Angeles I live in
downtown I really love it there we live
in the corner of 9th and crack pipe um a
little dodgy you know I don't mean like
to go out there I'm like afraid to leave
my apartment you don't mean I just feel
like I grew up in the East Coast and I
feel like the homeless people thank you
the homeless people in the East Coast
are so like they're just different than
the homeless people in Los Angeles
ok they're just different you don't even
eat we're not judging you don't even put
on though on that it's gross and you
know you look it's they're just kind of
drunk you know I mean that hey you man
can I get a dollar you know do you mean
you know and you give him a bagel
they're [ __ ] grateful you know what I
mean in LA ok they're like hopped up on
like broken dreams and crystal meth okay
I just this guy comes up to me I'm like
walking and they're there they're so
awake you don't even like Hey
[Applause]
like what you know he's like I thought
I'd give her a movie it's not the
homeless guy who's stuck in a love
triangle for this pet rat and his
imaginary girlfriend
it's a bio [ __ ]
[Applause]
I'm like okay here's a dollar I can't
accept producer credit I'm like you know
that kind of selfish attitude got you
there in the first place so I don't even
like to go out I was so I was walking
out I was what sounds like I had to walk
my dog you know I mean and there was
this lady coming towards me and she
seemed normal you don't I mean she was
just wearing a dirty bathroom but she
seemed normal
you know Amy I just thought maybe she's
rich you know like which people wear
chitti's clothes you know you mean like
like so you know cuz I don't care
because I'm so [ __ ] rich you know to
me and she was kind of pretty he'd
already mean like she just had that
anyway you know that sort of when you're
really an alcoholic and you sort of look
tan
you know you mean and I was like oh
she's bronzer on you know you mean
anyway she was coming towards me and you
know you can't tell someone's crazy
until you get close enough to see that
[ __ ] what do you mean look in your
eye you don't mean it's too [ __ ] late
yeah I mean it's just walking and then
she's like and then she's full-on
flashes me right I'm like oh my god my
dog's Angeles
[Music]
oh hi babes representation matters yeah
you know I mean I'm living that hashtag
hashbrown life and I'm at a party
recently you guys like to party little
awkward
I am super fun at parties I'm at a party
I'm getting much work on blonde girl
number eight comes up to me and she's
like sonal I've been meaning to ask you
like you're lying awake at night
thinking about me cuz I'm kinda backs
she's like stored are you like are you
like first generation second generation
and my boy rich cuts in and he's like
she's got an iPhone 7
that's a [ __ ] a lie those of you not
laughing you are part of the problem
welcome it's okay where's Chicago what
the [ __ ] I'm gonna party in Chicago
there's no safe space there is no safe
space I thought that ended when I went
to college in Indiana cuz I'm a real
tough ass [ __ ] I knew it was time to
get the [ __ ] out of Indiana when my best
friend remade best friend for three
years roommate for one year
he's like song what kind of Indian are
you
and I'm like do you mean like north
northern or southern Indian Adam Engel
last name spelled Eng le you can come up
[Applause]
and he goes I don't know is that a thing
yes yes that is a thing that um yes it's
a thing
I'm northern Indian and he's like oh
okay did I to tie it too tight
[Music]
so are you like Cherokee we've taken
mushrooms together dude
we've travel the [ __ ] cosmos you've
met my parents did you think that was a
Cherokee accent so I got the [ __ ] out of
Indiana but real talk
the real bullies the og bullies are my
parents right y'all related some hateful
ass [ __ ] but you have to love because
it's unconditional I mean goddamn I love
these guys I want to see them recently
the old roommates right mom and dad
we're we're uh what Indian Hill we
figured out what kind we're good yeah so
we're watching a movie which they call
cinema night [ __ ] adults right these
people the best English I was raised by
a very strong feminist my dad which
basically means he didn't have any sons
he's like I will raise my daughters to
be strong Oh independent like me
and we're watching a movie called given
figures you guys know this movie right
beautiful movies story of three
african-american women that helps send
the first American white male into space
right my dad's getting emotional my
dad's watch the movie he's like he
overcame such obstacle kaalia dad died
today died my mom is not a feminist
mother is the oppressor she's just
watching the movie getting mad she was
like what then no one would marry them
are we watching the same movie one of
the main characters falls in love and
gets married to which my mom said Besim
Disney [ __ ] I told that story with
her in the audience recently story not a
joke and I was a little nervous she
doesn't know that I mean you know I'm
talking about her publicly yes she does
she started clapping for herself she was
introducing herself after the gig she's
like I am the oppressor
[Music]
I was supposed to go to college I was
supposed got accepted into NYU and
everything I got accepted to NYU and I
was going to be a big student there and
everything I cannot being straight A's
and stuff and then they had told me how
much I had to pay a semester and I was
like oh no that's I don't know how I get
that kind of money every semester that's
a lot of dicks to such I don't know if I
want to learn that going I don't want to
learn that hard I really don't I don't
want to be on my back like that or not
being right that's not worth it I don't
think education is that important for me
to know definitely not going to be on
those trips upon my knees is bad I think
I don't want to learn I'm good I mean
YouTube had came out and I was like [ __ ]
you know I'm gonna go to youtube
University everything you need to know
everything you need to know is right
there on YouTube there is no excuse but
you should say I don't know how to do
this because you can just type it into
YouTube and it will show you how to do
it like I'm a mechanic now because of
YouTube y'all I'm a licensed therapist
I'm an ordained minister because of you
- I am a Reiki healer now I also can
make red-bottom shoes but you can't walk
that far in them because they turn into
brown bottom I can build a house from
the ground up I'm a processor now I can
do everything I know how to make hair
off the back of like hairy dogs I can't
do anything because of you - I think
it's the most awesome thing in the world
with allies like online hi I don't know
how you don't know how to make bread
[ __ ] gonna do please all you needed
some yeast in some flour take your
panties off with your dirty ass
everybody my name is Marcela and I'm
with the last factory production crew if
you like that clip you just saw please
like it and also subscribe to our page
if you're social and you won't leave a
comment do that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
I've listened a lot of classic music I
like like old Judy Garland and yellow
when she was older when she sang because
at that point in her life she sound like
she was in a car off-roading that's why
I like her I don't like too many singers
today you know Chris Daniel era - shut
up shut that mouth cuz over doesn't you
know the whole Oh Oh like too much your
songs and we forget what song she's
singing she's saying the star-spangled
banner' lie of you and I feel bad for
the crowd is there like oh I sing a lot
oh no you can't sing along that that
anthem loss a
everywhere you look everywhere that's a
hot she did that as a kid too and I was
like oh man I don't want to be in
kindergarten class you know when they're
learning the alphabet now close together
ABC
[Applause]
I'm a little worried though that some of
like the passion of my relationship has
died off because he just called me bud
yeah I wish I was making this up
my stomach hurt and I groaned and he was
like hey how you feeling bud I was like
worse now that I became your son
apparently [ __ ] what hey it really
bothered me like I could not stop
thinking about this it just like it
haunted me so the next time that we had
sex right as he was about to finish I
whispered in his ear
who would blow
I've never seen somebody hate me before
[Applause]
good you guys can take that one home if
you want
I mean I don't wish that situation upon
your eyes
[Music]
I didn't lose a lot of weight last year
I was on Weight Watchers November last
year on Weight Watchers I lost like 25
pounds
hey now it's all back [ __ ] but the why
I gotta get back on the bandwagon again
Weight Watchers great company Oprah was
right that's wonderful but it's very
strict gotta go to a meeting every week
for what the verify fat on fat have
mirrors at home Cathy a lot of
accountability you gotta go to a meeting
and there's a weekly weigh-in your
weight in every week and the weigh-in is
always having weight loss centers where
the [ __ ] windows are right there and
all the cars pull up get on a scale and
then the weight loss leader lady yelled
like a scaler your mama come on the
whole goddamn room but then they get mad
at me is how I'm gonna get but make you
aware when you're at home are you
wearing a black dress and then I'm
jacket and fake lashes no if you want to
see a big naked Brown [ __ ] in the front
window put a scale in the back otherwise
areolas coming out everything on point
to why tomorrow [ __ ] there's no privacy
is how we do it at home and I lost a lot
of weight in the first two weeks red
chilli week when you decide you really
want to do and you don't cheat the
waiters falls off so in the first week I
was down like three pounds in two days
but I like I was an [ __ ] I thought it
was JLo I'm looking at Amazon for a body
suit I'm like [ __ ] you are not
different you look exactly the same
ladies all in your hands so I was a dick
to the guy that I was dating at the time
I was dating this really early exact guy
and my fat I mean huge a bus gigantic
man but he loved me I loved him it was
all cool but I became an [ __ ] to him
because I was like look I can't be out
there in the streets with a fat guy body
look at what's happening here I can't be
seen I can't be seen with a fat dude and
he was like yeah most fat dude but I
have a big dick and I pay them
everything what else do you need nothing
my bad sorry you do believe me you know
I'm crazy when I'm hungry
[Applause]
[Music]
let's just say the past year has been
interesting I got married so yay okay
let's all relax like you know
what marriage is it doesn't end well
like even when you're together it's like
what are we know it's interesting like I
appreciate I appreciate the applause but
like it is weird though anyone married
here married people here when you got
married did you guys like there are
people who are so excited for you you
were like a little creeped out like this
one girl she was like oh my god Amy I
heard the amazing news guide so awesome
how did you know girl how did you know
he was the one I was like uh when I was
32 and not married ha ha it's kind of
hips yeah you know they're how on a
puzzle pacing that goes into this it's
not like a world of whimsy it's just
kind of like a sad reality like have you
ever been to a wedding where like the
bride is wearing a tiara and you're like
I'm sorry what are you the princess of
giving up like what are we doing
are you the Kate Middleton of settling
calm the down
like you have a problem she's like it's
my big day and like it's your medium day
like relax idiot tool box saying
to someone say you a married person like
how did you know he was the one that's
like going up to a first-grader and
being like how did you know you wanted
up my little pony it's like when Britney
Ashley Jennifer and Jennifer's friend
got one okay like the horse isn't bad
grated just don't to be the only
without showing the brush you know what
I mean like that's kind of where I'm
coming from I don't know if that's a
soured reality I my husband's great I am
he's great um no it's fun I like being
married I really am I'm very like pro
marriage I think it's really great like
you really like you know you start to
like build a foundation that's tough
exciting but I'd be lying if I said I
don't like constantly think about
hooking up with other people and and I
just want to put if it's very normal
thing and I wish more people would talk
about it but you know what it's not that
the hooking up it's a very specific
thing that I crave it's not like the
touch the new person I don't give a
about that it fit when someone doesn't
love you such as someone in a hook-up
situation when they all love you they're
willing to take a risk you know what I
mean like my husband won't show up
because he like wants me to live or
whatever and that's like shocking basic
and irritating like I'm it's like the
hand coming up you know and they're like
oh my god is even in certain invisalign
and then it just stops at your neck and
you're like I just so much higher than
straight teeth and you're like take my
breath away like it's fun you know my
name is Marcela and I'm with the last
factory production crew if you like that
clip you just saw please like it and
also subscribe to our page if you're
social and you want me to comment do
that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
family rules are just weird like you're
just set in stone what you were when you
were little you know and so like my
family just thinks of me as like 12 year
old lazy bratty kid and I'm like wow
okay I guess we're really not gonna give
me any credit for anything I did in the
past life cool because I I did a past
life regression and my very last life I
was a Somalian soldier and I died a hero
yes I'm still kind of shy about it but
some respect would be nice being
weirdest past life regression I've ever
done I know relatable um was with was
what the Hat psychic and I took my cat
to a pet psychic and she was like Megan
your suspicions were correct you were in
a past life with their cat I was like oh
my god what are the odds
she was like yeah you guys were a
married couple you lived on this tugboat
and who was emotionally abusive to you
I'm serious
I was like I don't think I lived on a
tugboat maybe I like rode on one and
like honk the horn to be funny or
something I don't know
just in case she's right like every
night before I go to sleep I just
whisper to my cat I know what you did on
the tugboat I know I have to he called
me fat and that's what about in the 70s
[ __ ] him
I think Kansas I moved up to LA to be a
writer and whenever I tell people about
their like do anything I've ever heard
of and I'm like no chef about that
wedding in LA is crazy um for many
reasons the first guy I did it when I
moved out here was addicted to meth and
I had no idea I just thought he was
super passionate about cleaning I was
like you go baby
yes I came home really want some
vacation to surprise him I bet you can
guess what I found
um he was making two hundred pieces of
toast for an imaginary in his mind tail
is all this time I I want to get better
at relationships though so I just took a
tantric sex course I highly recommend it
the teacher was like Megan are you crazy
in bed and I was like well bad is where
I do most of my 9/11 conspiracy theory
research so sure she told me that you
can have orgasms in your heart heart
gazans
I'm like cool now I have to fake it
heart gasm to such greatness for me the
last guy I tried that way you know I
really gave it a go and he was like I
think I'm gonna call my own one I think
you're dying no the last time I died I
was a Somalian soldier let me play about
story a guy
[Applause]
[Music]
my boyfriend also was broke yeah that's
look good the dick was he played
pokemons go every day for three years he
didn't have a car but he get all of the
Pikachu's you know I like ya Dan he was
so broke I think broke dudes are the
best at sex like the best right look
dude if we're just being 100 this room
right now broke dudes are deep best at
sex
hands down no doubt about it and I think
it's because broke guys know they can't
afford to take you to dinner so they
just fought the hunger right out of you
yeah broke dudes will have sex with you
for hours and give you a massage
afterward however long it takes for the
only restaurant to be okay isn't so good
like rich dudes rich Jews don't have sex
with you for very long they just don't
and that's okay cuz they're busy being
rich or whatever you know like if you
had sex with Elon Musk he would have sex
to you for maybe five minutes and you
don't be like thank you ulamas thank you
so much thank you go to the rocket now
thank you so much dude you couldn't say
[ __ ] dude you cannot say [ __ ] but like
when you [ __ ] a broke dude you can talk
a little [ __ ] you know like if it broke
tit comes over and tries to have sex
with you and leave right away you could
be like really dude where are you going
[Applause]
you don't have anywhere to be the EBT
office on top of us six hours so get
back in my vagina
[Music]
I'm right into this here ladies have you
ever noticed that the way guys hit on us
is very specific to their ethnicity have
you ever noticed that like the black guy
he always has to describe you when he
hits on you right hey blue shirt what's
up blue shirt yeah blue shirt are like
we're wearing a jersey that day of our
favorite team 22:22
right and we all know the Mexican guy
he'll just hit on you like you're an
animal each one of my cousins tried to
hit on this white girl in time she
thought he was looking for his dog to
try to help him out puppy I'm sorry I
didn't see which way he went
oh you were talking to me oh my god
Carol he was talking to me hi
hola okay hola okay I haven't really
been hit on by an Asian guy yet but I'm
sure I'll probably just surprise me and
put in a fortune cookie peril
would you write about our if me I Drive
a karora oh my gosh thank you
I don't know if you have these things in
your neighborhood we have them
what do you call on the porch crackheads
there's this thing now have you heard of
this in LA it's called the LA gang tours
I'm not making this up it is a do you
know about this okay thank you have you
been on it
it's it's sold out through Christmas and
basically what it is it's a tour bus and
for $100 it takes you to the most
dangerous parts of Los Angeles I know
because it goes past my house and all of
the gangsters have agreed to a ceasefire
for the duration of the trip okay I
would love to see who is on this bus
because you know it's just a bunch of
white people in safari outfits who want
to look at minorities through
bulletproof glass Oh Harold ever since I
heard that NWA song I've always wanted
to see Watts I hope it comes with a bag
of crack to throw at them
why are we glorifying gang culture like
your main contribution is when you're
not killing is spray-painting your
nickname on other people's things and my
little cousin thinks he's a gangster
he's like no - you don't understand you
throw a fat piece up there that place is
yours I'm like nobody thinks you own
Costco
it's nice I'm 34 like I said and I have
my first boyfriend ever which is like a
huge deal thank you thank you
oh thanks and it's getting more serious
because we just got a puppy together you
know we started a family and we got a
little puppy we named her bugs short for
bugs nestled in silos and we took bugs
to the vet to get her puppy shots cuz we
vaccinate our children and you know I'm
a new mom and as soon as we get to the
vet the vet was like in a mood and she
took books from my hands and immediately
just served it stabbing the [ __ ] out of
her with the puppy shots and I was like
um excuse me ma'am can you be gentle
that's a baby puppy
and the vet was like calm down ma'am
stabbing my dog to death and then she
took out this 10-inch thermometer to put
in the docs butthole sir he was like cry
I'm for the buttonhole sir and I
like no absolutely not that's a newborn
baby puppy she's never felt that
sensation before you can't just put that
in her butthole she's gonna freak out
and the vet again was a calm down and
she goes to the cabinet and she gets a
can of Cheez Whiz and she puts a bunch
of Cheez Whiz on the ground and bugs
went to town on the guys they could have
put ten thermometers back there and bugs
was just like you and I look at my
boyfriend I'm like are you gonna say
something and he's like what she doesn't
care and I was like [ __ ] she doesn't
well if you ever want to put cheese on
the ground just saying I'm not gonna
know nothing
scoffs all of our problems just like
walk it through the kitchen like to put
this cheese that months or the love
months
oh there's like a sharp chatter here
there's like me suits like a hooker
should I love [ __ ] sure nothing you say
it's your shooter what happened oh you
got me again okay thanks guys
[Applause]
[Music]
I have a 19 year old daughter we grew up
together she raised the hell out of me
she did a really good job she's telling
me today about some I didn't even
know about um she looked me in my eye in
my face in my house and she's like I
hate you I said I'm so glad you said it
first because I hate you too we have
something in common you are a mediocre
and entitled and that's not a good
combination I really don't like you I
love the people that don't have kids
when you judge cause let me tell you
something you can judge us all you want
one day you'll be a mom and you'll
understand what I'm saying this woman
came up to me and Indiana and said I
would never call my daughter a
I said how old is your daughter she said
three I said well that's child abuse you
shouldn't be calling your daughter a
 but when that turns 16
you're gonna say you get the
 out of my house and you tell your
father I said to pick you up from the
curb I can't believe you how dare you
you know what I'm talking about right
that's a grown-ass woman right there you
know the young moms the ones parading up
and down the airplane with the crying
newborn baby like and they want you to
be impressed they like show you the baby
and everybody's mad cuz we like
 we've seen a baby before if it was
a dinosaur we'd be impressed the
babies shut it up and give it benadryl
like the rest of us the down
I hate them damn
I am now 51 years old oh I know where am
i over 40 ladies over 40 go crazy why is
[Applause]
10 drunk women pretending to be happy
all right hey you look like a baby how
old are you
you're still in your 20s oh yeah little
[ __ ] oh I can't you look good
you're so cute what's your name Kayleigh
oh you even have a little stripper name
Oh fix your little cheeks
Haley enjoy being in her 20s and your
30s when you get there when I was in my
20s by 30 everybody told me I'd love
vegan by 15 because I said you're
finally comfortable in your own skin
yeah that's it stretches Oh Haley I
don't mind getting older I don't like to
be reminded that I'm getting older
that's the problem I was walking through
a mall oh I passed this cosmetics store
there was this Russian woman out front
handing out free samples but I was in a
hurry so I said no thank you and she
looked at me and said eat sport under
eyes you could use said to me you could
use like hates that Lana you got
anything that covers a black eye
cuz in about two seconds you could use
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji if you think that videos the
lyrics feel free to like share and
comment on the video below or you can
see is live at Hollywood Long Beach Reno
and then you don't block your blessing
uh yeah
I want y'all to stop putting all y'all
business on social media it's gotten a
little out of hand some of your business
take a selfie on a canyon and say I'm
hiking solo that's your milk carton
picture [ __ ] stop doing that [ __ ] I'm
really tired
I'm tired of y'all don't look I'm like
you especially the girl who posts
everything on social media don't be that
girl you're in a relationship you post
your uh sees and your selfies right if
team love hashtag goals and
relationships pictures of [ __ ] lions
and kings and queens and Beyonce and
jay-z and the minute that [ __ ]
cheats on you now you posted scriptures
like a bastard yeah God is with me that
no one can be against me
hashtag the Lord and my line then that
[ __ ] quits you and now you're a
motivational speaker never makes someone
a priority when you're only an option to
them hashtag team solo oh my god then
you can try to be an only now you the
fitness [ __ ] what's out its best I hate
you
[Music]
hey love white people I love white
people I'm your comments get up into my
they don't like my love white people
y'all huh awesome I'll jump off a
mountains without pair of shoes y'all
take ecstasy y'all keep messin with
animals no matter how many y'all get
killed
y'all still keep going after it boy I
was watching the news the other day in
the newscaster was like if you see a
mountain lion do not approach it I was
like who is this commercial for this is
for white folks this is black people
don't mess with animals we cross the
street when we see a squirrel [ __ ] a
hook in Alan's face even the mountain
lion be like is this [ __ ] approaching
me Wow
y'all be hiking and riding your bike all
in the mountains and surprised when a
mountain lion jump out and ball you
wanna gasps where did it come from he
came from the mountains some mountainous
it's not a kitchen light not a bathroom
I'm trying to figure out what hey wow
that's my lunch have a backpack no crazy
white woman got killed by our own Python
I even got no punch laughter that cuz
it's ridiculous how do you raise your
own murder how do you do that go to a
cage with a Python it go good you cook a
Python was like soon [ __ ]
I'm fed that my own parents a little bit
recently I used to identifies kind of
more like butch androgynous but I
decided I would like to identify a
sexually active I know they're butch
women who get laid all the time I'm not
saying otherwise just just I feel like
when you're a butch woman you're sort of
going for like a James Dean and rebel
without a cause kind of thing nobody
wants to [ __ ] lesbian Michael Cera so I
grew my hair out I bought some clothes
that fit me a little bit better I just
can't get behind the idea of wearing
makeup
I don't like makeup and the first 25
years of my life I didn't even consider
wearing makeup and then just as an
experiment I took a selfie a selfie of
me wearing a [ __ ] ton of makeup I put it
up on OkCupid and my visitors quintupled
and I was like holy [ __ ] I think every
other woman in the world might be onto
something and now I believe that makeup
should be illegal I'm completely serious
I believe that makeup should be illegal
because here's the thing if nobody wore
makeup I would be reasonably attractive
so why did I have to buy face paint just
to get back to where I started do you
what I'm saying
like right now I'm a five but if nobody
wore makeup the scale would be out of
five this is why they banned steroids in
baseball makeup is just doping for dick
that is all in it there is no other
reason to wear it I hear women say they
wear makeup because it's fun that's
[ __ ] makeup is not fun no artist
wants to wake up every day and paint the
same slowly decay man
[Music]
I met a baby named Deborah last week
that was a trip this woman this woman
held up her baby and was like this is
Deborah and I was like no you can't name
your baby deaf that's inappropriate like
there's no way this baby didn't just
like walk out of her mom already
clutching a Pinot Grigio and a Nicholas
Sparks novel just in a bad mood just
pissed I can totally see it she like
physically walks out and she's like I
got it
[Laughter]
hi is there a manager I can see I have
been staying here for the last nine
months and I was just unexpectedly
kicked out of my rep I have never in my
life and treated us no let me finish
like if you named your baby Deborah
she's gonna Yelp your birth and you're
getting two stars like for sure okay I
landed on this quick I recently did my I
got my ancestry DNA results back we all
know the deal right you like put your
saliva in a tube you send it to a lab
they tell you what you're made of
I think if you're someone like me who's
willing to throw down upwards of 150
dollars on something like this you
should have your results in two in a box
that like kind of explodes upon opening
and a little cloud pops out he's like
white
you're white I think you should like
hand do your spit back to okay guys
thank you so much that's my time you
have been so great I'm Anna Gilchrist
thank you
[Music]
you
[Music]
I was in a sorority in college I was how
are you and then your hostages are in
the front - that's good are you okay
okay I'd like that you're both in white
you're like we'll get married now uh
you're virgins obviously hello you're
you okay you're not in the fret you're
you're like foreign tourists wonderful
yes where where are you from Berlin okay
can I look to you and I was like ooh a
tough seven years but you you're from
Berlin and now you're here with this is
a very American experience that you're
getting to see in this gauge that we're
all in it's fantastic Wow
I performed in a fraternity basement
before so I'm not scared of anything
you don't even like raw material you're
just like call reggae you're a Europe
Pike and then did somebody else Sigma
Chi - no okay okay there we go
Wow it felt like hearing all those
booths as a woman on a stage it was like
are they gonna burn me very which trial
what are you studying finance of course
you are I mean your face is good but
you're gonna need like a hot way
[Applause]
you're very - I bet people I thought
women [ __ ] you just because you're tall
that's a life so I know it's real what's
your name
Garrett that's a great that's a great
name for someone who looks like they
finger someone while they were asleep I
mean now that you know they have to they
have to like nod and say yes
who here knows where I quit is okay you
can tell not that many cuz you started
raising your hands instead of clapping
like you have been doing it was mostly
women raising their hand that's correct
it's higher than you saw it good for you
we don't have like an older brother are
you 18 no you're 18 you're 18 you're
above 18 I'm gonna [ __ ] the German up do
you even want that no no we was so
polite about it to just like like I'd
offered him like two please no not today
you guys seemed like you don't smoke we
have one friend who's single left I'm
not single so please don't come up to me
I have one friend I don't know what your
all your voices sound the same and I'm
ignoring all of that much like your
mother's wow that hurt you yeah none of
your mom's like you all of them are
happy you're gone maybe one of us I
thought one of your mom's was like kind
of attracted to you but the rest now
Oh
Cornell yeah Cornell's mom wanted
[Music]
you
I like to [ __ ] with women in the
bathroom
in the public bathroom I'm so tired of
the game that we're playing in there of
just we're in there protecting not
making any noise you try not to make any
noise at all grown women opening tampons
like this achoo we're out in the streets
marching and yelling for equality in
there just no no no all of a sudden whoo
we try it we got a little tricks if we
fart or something to start banging on
[ __ ]
[Music]
think we're so slick
that is not me
and the biggest rule the biggest rule we
have is no [ __ ]
you better not be [ __ ] in there you
save your shits for Hall you save them
for all ladies meanwhile I've seen a man
[ __ ] in a field rip his sleeve off and
wipe his ass with
and it was attractive to be honest just
like yes you look at you sir yes
meanwhile women we go on entire
vacations without [ __ ] just we pop
imodium like there take tax on a roller
coaster Busch Gardens like oh [ __ ] only
three more days the craziest thing and
if you do walk in
and you smell someone's breaking the
rules and [ __ ] there's two things you do
if you're a good girl you get the [ __ ]
out of there whatever it is you thought
you had to do you don't have to do it
anymore
you walk in you just mm not today no I
just came in to do this I needed all I
need and hit the dryers for no [ __ ]
reason cover up that sound real quick
I'm out because you know if a woman is
[ __ ] some went wrong she is having a
bad time
some didn't go to plan
I don't know if the bad lettuce I don't
know but that is a woman at her most
vulnerable that childbirth [ __ ] in
public but if you're a psychopath like
me you [ __ ] with that person I get I'm
like no we're growing today I get in the
salt right next to her right next to her
and my feet didn't go honey there too so
she just sees two creepy little shadows
and they start giggling which is even
weirder and I'm giggling because I know
this is her worst nightmare this is her
worst nightmare and I know she is over
there just going hold it here hold it in
don't splash Lord don't let miss flash
you've held it in for seven days what's
two more minutes
she's only piss and there's no way to
women after [ __ ] in public at the same
time it's impossible I'm like you're
gonna splash [ __ ] I'm waitin for a
splash when I hear when I hop down and I
go and I wash my hand and I make eye
contact right through the crack
that's what that is that the [ __ ]
shaming crap that's why they put it
there
[ __ ] shaming cracks away through you
dirty [ __ ] breaking the rules
[Music]
I recently got this guy's somebody came
up to me and they said and neek you
don't look gay you look like a German
woman and I'm originally from Germany
talk to my German friend I was like did
you know that Americans all think we
look gay and she's like I mean we have
the short Here I am but that's just
practical
and we there's a hiking boots yeah also
to the beddings but such as practical I
was like actively lesbian it it's hard
growing up Germany have really tough
parents like my dad he would be like
whenever I would complain he'd be like
it's nothing we went through a war I'm
like yeah but you also caused it
[Laughter]
[ __ ] you thank you for voting for Trump
- now we're not the only Nazi [ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's a good move you're gonna like it
eventually you know it's a you're the
villain in every movie it's great it's
great
yeah I saw the Nazis at Charlottesville
I was like what the [ __ ] is happening
yeah because if you're German you're
you're raised with this can never happen
again right like a [ __ ] high school
college right this could never happen
again and I saw them and I was like who
it's happening it's happening and I was
so shocked right and my second thought
was amateurs
[Music]
I'll say though I am I am a little
different than than the other gays you
know I got my for marriage equality I
think it's great but with marriage
equality happened I was really excited
but only because that meant I could eat
chick-fil-a again like that yeah you're
a big guy you know that's just been hard
for me like you know I wasn't a
controversy about my head and gays or
chicken sandwich like it's been a big
problem in my world waffle fries fresh
lemon day we've got a lot of chick-fil-a
fans Chipola in the house if you guys
don't know chick-fil-a is historically
anti-gay okay but and like their money
would go to anti-gay legislation which
is [ __ ] up but once marriage equality
passed who gives a [ __ ] you know
so on my lesbo friends were like yes
let's go celebrate and I was like yes
I'll lean up after I get a quick order
waffle fries real fast I pulled up I
pulled up to chick late for the first
time I was on stove Alec drove up in my
Subaru you know
I have the Hillary Clinton Oh eight
sticker on the back covered up by the
Bernie you know now pull up I was so
excited I hope your guy he was like I
walk with Chuck living one and I was
like hi I'm a homosexual it's my first
time here I'd appreciate you didn't tell
the other days it is like music house
like you know big raging bull dyke
chick-fil-a anti-gay the thing and he
just comes you want free chocolate chip
cookie chick-fil-a management to they
sit down other employees like if you see
a homosexual give them a free cookie let
bygones be bygones
[Laughter]
I'll tell you that she [ __ ] works I
went to softball practice the next day I
was like they got me
[Music]
but I promise I well I can't promise it
but I will try to avoid the step for
other stuff quick disclaimer to my dad
and my stepmom Wendy nothing happened
yet okay this is fine this is fine I
like Mike said you know some some
comedians on this show you'll recognize
them from the silver screen but me you
will recognize me from the back doing my
laugh which is just really something to
hear and to see it's almost so loud and
strange you can see it that's kind of my
thing so throughout the show you do like
Anna's here this is an interesting
experience I might say a fever dream to
be up here how might say you know why
would you want to throw out all the
material that you worked on you know
with your material you are able to craft
what the audience interprets you are
able to sort of manipulate who you come
off as who you are seemed to be the best
I mean you guys already know that I want
to [ __ ] my stepbrothers
no I run oh there's nothing behind this
you know Wow
cannot stress it enough parents in the
building you know so crazy oh I can't
wait for Christmas
I can actually I'm Jewish my Mike called
me up he said Hannah do you want to come
to the show I said well where is it and
one is it he said well it's it's at the
Laugh Factory on the 14th I said baby
I'm there he said well there's a catch I
said how tall is he
he said not that kind of catch I said
well then what do I care about the catch
she said you can't do your material I
said I can't do my telephone I can't do
my guitar Michael explains I just like
day in the night over my typewriter
trying to clickety clackety clickety
clackety come up with something to tell
these people that will make them like me
and you say I have to throw it all out
he said yes it's 15 bucks I said I'm
their baby bunny dogs just like us right
now let's get into it huh what's your
name okay everyone new rule that Tom
just said if I ask you your name you
have to do a fun little dance
we have dance per se I want to put that
sort of pressure on you you express
yourself creatively as you see fit but
tom tom has did my talk to you already
okay great
Tom and Tom what brought you out tonight
at a 7:45 to a 7:45 Monday show
[Applause]
[Applause]
you know you work so hard Tom we're
happier here okay guys remember the rule
okay very stern white guys over here
guys
thirty more cents on the dollar okay
remember the dance rule what's your name
[Applause]
when you're not listening to my
interaction with Tom well Ross is it
okay this is Ross Dress for Less he's in
the building Ross can I guess what you
do real estate
I should leave the stage now
[Applause]
[Music]
I grew up poor but I think it's good to
grow up poor because then he know what
to expect later in life a good
personality [ __ ] Oh cuz you
gotta learn to improvise anyone just me
one of my friends is like Christian when
you are poor you're in such denial right
you're like this isn't that bad not
Christian you're sleeping on bricks like
I know some people don't even have that
Oh
look two more bricks I just made a
queen-size [ __ ] look at it [ __ ]
I got you I got you
put your Scooby Doo comforter over it
create your own universe
just me too but when you're poor you
have to work a lot of odd jobs serving
people I used to work at Starbucks until
my [ __ ] head exploded oh because
Starbucks is the new Cheers
cuz everybody knows your name well they
have to they have to write it on the cup
but my favorites when you work with
someone who can't spell so I'm at then
going Manica manica this love Jesus this
Latino girl comes on yes Monica
oh right you know what I make 625 an
hour she can take your spicy attitude
somewhere else
she's like beachy waiter which means
beautiful white woman oh come back
anytime
I used to be a massage therapist and by
that I mean you know people are always
like how'd you get started so I got
started because I was looking on
Craigslist for an ad for gigs and I saw
an ad that said massage girls wanted no
sex and a bunch of dollar signs I was
like that's me so I called the number
and a gentleman answered the phone and I
was like what's the massage
he said hand jobs I said I'm in and then
I was like menifee for hand jobs I am
never doing this for free again so I met
with the guy and it turns out that he
was an alcoholic a drug addict and a
pimp
so naturally I dated him yeah because I
was president of that he might change
foundation
[Applause]
so I stopped doing massages because I
got tired of looking at dicks I got
tired of getting arrested so so I was in
jail for 12 days when you're in jail you
you eat bologna sandwiches for lunch
every single day so being poor prepared
me to be in jail and being in jail
prepared me to be a mom because when
you're a mom you don't be alone Renu in
jail you randomly cry yourself to sleep
when you're a mom you randomly cry but
there's no sleep when you're in jail
you're constantly thinking about your
release date as a mom my release date is
July 27 2013
if you don't have kids yet don't believe
the hype but if you really want kids
my son is for rent you also get
unsolicited parenting advice right from
other parents and I'm like listen you
had your chance to [ __ ] up your kid's
life let me have my chance to [ __ ] them
and what about the people with bad kids
they want to give me advice too
do you have kids they're like no but I
can imagine I was like well I can
imagine being skinny but I'm not giving
you Fitness
[Applause]
[Music]
I am originally from Wisconsin yeah we
got some Wisconsin people in here huh I
was just back here for the holidays I
was in was it was a really tough thing
wanting to come back for the holidays
cuz I I didn't want to I didn't want to
come back for the holidays because I
could fly to Wisconsin from Los Angeles
for $750 or I could fly to Paris for 400
my mom was like you coming home for the
holidays I was like I might go to Paris
she's like what's in Paris I'm like not
you guys it sounds amazing
just want to be eaten out while eating a
croissant
you know like I'm gonna have the best
[ __ ] holiday I'm gonna hang out with
you guys for 750 dollars I did I did it
I did it because my grandma is my best
friend me my grandma are super close and
you don't know how much time you're
gonna have left with your elders you
know my grandma she became a widow about
a year ago and it was kind of this weird
time because she started requesting to
come on tour with me for the first time
ever and I do to her a lot I live in LA
I come here I go to New York a lot and
so she's been like yeah just pick me up
and bring me I want to be here I want to
be a roadie she says I want to be your
groupie I'm like well those are
different grandma do you want to help me
with equipment or do you want to suck my
dick because I don't think I think you
want to be my [ __ ] groupie Graham's
the last time I was performing here in
Chicago I did bring my grandma and we
stayed down the street at a hotel for
four nights in a row and every single
night she stayed out with me in the
other comics till 2:00 in the morning
it's not [ __ ] bad-ass
she's not dead yet so she can't hear the
claps but I'll tell her you guys were
excited the dead people can hear that
stuff my grandma and I stayed at this
hotel down the street it was funny
coming on tour with my grandma because
have you ever left think about this how
awkward it is to leave a comedy club
[ __ ] up at 2:00 in the morning and
leaning on your grandma and acting like
you're doing her some sort of favor
walking down the street like thankful
that I had a crotch and I'm like I hope
I don't break her legs but while we were
staying in this hotel together I had to
do a podcast and grandparents don't
understand podcast it's just the radio
or not the radio right so I was like
Grandma I have to do some radio [ __ ] in
hotel room and she's like okay okay I'll
just hang out in the corner I'm like
yeah just hang out in the corner they're
not gonna know you're in the room she
takes it super literally because that's
what that generation does and she hangs
out in the corner of the hotel room like
this like watches me over her shoulder
the whole time at the end of the podcast
the guys on the other line were like all
right Natasha it's been so fun talking
to you but we just want to know was it
like trying to make it in Los Angeles
what is it like trying to be a comic a
woman in comedy and I kind of took it in
and I was like you know I think we're
all just trying to not die and my
grandma screams from the corner of the
room I've tried
what a [ __ ] die I'm really ready the
grandma's been from podcasts officially
banned after this job to read you guys
something amazing after this trip to
Chicago I called my grandma back in
Wisconsin I was like listen [ __ ] you're
a lot and I love you but like we need to
find some friends that are your age that
know what you're going through and I
signed her up for this widow's Club and
she kind of fought me on it and I was
like just go just go and hang out and
see if you meet some other people that
you enjoy and relate with and she did it
I called her the next day after the
widow's Club and I was like how was it
how was it widows club grandma she's
like I hated it they're all [ __ ] old
and I was like all right cool all right
dropped it next week I get a letter in
the mail it was a letter questionnaire
from the widows Club that my grandma
filled out with six questions to try to
make these women love life again without
their spouses this is my grandma's six
answers to these questions number one
what life haven't you've done yet that
you most desire to do die
[Music]
what's your biggest regret in life not
being dead yet number three what is it
you look forward to the most the end of
life what's your most challenging
obstacle in life waking up when you wake
up in the morning what is your first
thought oh [ __ ] not again and finally
this is got me my favorite what's number
one on your bucket list any guesses died
right most people think I'm number one
in your bucket list see Italy oh really
[ __ ]
the only thing that makes you happy is
the most expensive [ __ ] place know
how hard it is to save up for Italy so
when I got this letter then I started
saving for Italy and I did surprise my
grandmother at Christmas with a trip to
Italy
thank you the whole time I was saving up
for it I was like this [ __ ] better
before I say
Nnamani what if she dies when I surprise
her what if we get to Italy and then she
suddenly dies like there's so many
things that go through her head and
you're surprising an elderly person I
surprised her with this gift and and
Wisconsin over the holidays and I kid
you not she opens the box and I have
this voucher for Italy and I was like
grandma were going to Italy and she goes
hmm
how long is that flight I was like it's
about 14 hours and she goes I swear to
you I wanted to kill her I was like I'll
make your wishes come on [ __ ] so she
doesn't want to fly to Italy this is the
bottom line so while I was home for the
holidays I decided with my mom that my
mom and I are gonna go to Italy and I'm
gonna take grandma to Epcot Center we're
gonna take pictures in the fake Italy
here we're just gonna small
[Music]
yes my name is Iman but it's spelled
with a why why M a and E my dad got a
little fancy on us
it means faith in Arabic the only faith
I had growing up as a kid was people are
gonna butcher the [ __ ] out of my name
worst time for me as a kid
attendance time in class the teachers in
front of the room all the students
shouting why Manny you mate but my
all-time favorite llaman
can you believe it I look at the teacher
and I'm like you're not say my name
right you're dumb but should me name
your bamboo cards
I'm originally from Morocco oh yes for
those of you who are culturally woke in
the room you guys know that's in North
Africa
so I'm African you guys and every time I
told kids I was African they always had
this really puzzled confused look on
their face like really you're an African
oh my god
I really think they just expected my dad
to be walking around with a deadline on
his back like he's King Joffe from
coming to America talking about what is
my daughter she is stomping around the
streets of New York acting like a crazy
woman we need to find her a king so I'm
happily married you guys I know that's
not relatable
as my husband and I were getting ready
to come out here tonight I look over and
you guys we have the same exact mirror
faces you know the faces we all make in
front of the mirror when we're filling
ourselves you know we're just like in
front of the mirror like mmm you know
I'm doing my hair and my makeup and I'm
just like puckering you know I look over
he's doing the same exact thing the same
exact thing the only thing he adds are
y'all ready for this the only thing he
adds he'll be in front of the mirror and
he's like
[Laughter]
he rubs his hands together I don't know
what he's warming up for and he looks
over at me he's like baby think I shall
file eight them with this jacket tonight
[Laughter]
think I should disrespect them with this
one and I'm like absolutely baby kill
him with that one boo so it takes us
like two hours to get anywhere but I
swear you guys I'm so grateful in all
seriousness I have the most incredible
dope magical connection with my husband
it's I'm grateful I know it's rare but
alright there's a button there his dick
and I have a more magical connection
it's like we have our own relationship
you guys sometimes I'm going down on him
and you know I'm in my zone and he's
just like oh my god and I'm like there's
got nothing to do with you we're having
a moment down here like business
[Applause]
[Music]
i mean here's the thing it's a good
thing i'm married in all honesty i just
celebrated 17 years of being with the
same person
right
oh
people are always like oh my god what's
the secret what is your secret to
staying with someone for so long and my
secret honestly i just married someone
who's really old i know that sounds
[ __ ] up but here's the thing he's
never gonna cheat on me you know because
he's tired and
i i know that sounds [ __ ] up listen he
was gonna come to this show tonight but
it started at 9 30 and he went to bed
like five hours ago oh
he's a great guy
tucked daddy in with his bib on you know
this little diaper type
oh my god wait do you guys want to hear
something [ __ ] up okay so i was
actually doing this joke in reno
whatever and
yeah and after the show these people
came up to me and they were like wait
does your husband really wear diapers
and i was like
depends
[Laughter]
oh my god i know it's so hacky but it
just makes so much sense right
oh you guys i don't mean to [ __ ] on him
i'm sorry but he already does that to
himself um
[Laughter]
i'm just kidding he's sitting right back
there give it up for him for supporting
my career
oh my god you guys you don't have to
clap he can't hear you just like smile
and wave smile and wave
[Music]
you
I love listening to when an audience has
the listen system like stuff that's not
politically correct as you but you see
sometimes people take it too far like a
friend of mine she takes political
correctness if I she's had a baby right
so the baby had like wholesome stuff
around his mouth and she wanted to wipe
it away so she said to me can you pass
the Muslim please and then she would all
you don't have to say that anymore are
you I said what I said why not she said
because it sounds like Muslim this is
what she's thinking that because it's
house I said baby you are still allowed
to say the word Muslim there's not going
to bring a jihad crashing down on your
head like what do you think what we
should we do like so as not to cause
offense like mind me instead like I was
talking to ever such a nice them I told
the the least politically correct thing
I ever saw I was on a bus you know we
had the 7/7 bombings there were some
terrorist bombings so the guys had their
bones in a rucksack so after that
everyone was a little bit jumpy around
brown people with bags so it's alright
we all did it anyways so I was on a bus
top deck of a bus and there was a brown
man at the back of the bus and damn it
I'm gonna say he had a bag and this is
very shortly after the the bombings
happened anyway so everyone was just
watching him just absolutely transfixed
by this guy just praying quietly to
themselves and then they just started
moving like one seat away from this guy
one see now what sort of bomb did they
think that this guy was packing they had
a blast radius of one seat
you know they think he was gonna go oh
all over me this is gonna come out in a
hot wash you know it's ridiculous is one
thing so I didn't move but mainly out of
social embarrassment you know you don't
like to cause a scene I'd rather die
so anyways um but I was looking from the
back of the bus from the front of the
bus looking at the vaccine this whole
thing going on and and the guy you know
like when you got the corner of your eye
you start to become aware that there's
movement he just realized people moving
and he looked up and he saw that people
clear this huge space around him and
this is all he did it was beautiful
it just looked around him just look to
everyone looked at me he just went
kaboom
I loved that man I love that man I'm not
gonna lie a little bit of pee came out
is the shock isn't it is the shock in
these situation
ah I just had a baby I just had a baby
you guys a year and a half ago what I
like to say judge people like you look
amazing and then I say a year and a half
ago they go maybe less cards we could
cut down so my this is my I've given up
sweater I like you don't know what's
happening is it winter woo or is it cake
it's a [ __ ] cake a little bit of both
the truth ah I I still look a little
pregnant and that's why concise because
I had a woman in Gelson's things are
going pretty good and I could be here uh
in the checkout line reach her hand down
yeah exactly what you're thinking and
she I'm watching in slow motion oh if
she's reaching down for my belly and
she's like when are you due and she was
rubbing my baby in here but there's no
baby in here so she was just rubbing
Pizza cheeseburgers and other bad
choices and that she went oh is that an
elbow I feel
so I said yes cuz I have just had
chicken wings what's up party people
i'm comedian Ranji if you think that
videos the lyrics feel free to like
share and comment on the video below or
you can see us live at Hollywood Long
Beach Reno and Vania don't block your
blessing uh yeah
my favorite show on TV it's called man
vs. food you guys good show if you
haven't seen it this dude goes around
America to all these different
restaurants where they have eating
challenges like if you finish this
10-pound burger in under an hour you get
a t-shirt no self-respect right you guys
so I love this show I'm not gonna lie
though I mostly watch it because I have
a crush on the host I have really low
standards and I think he's adorable
look he's at the top of my bang list
right now if I ever saw him in public I
would go out too and I'd be like hi Adam
Richman my name is Kathleen McGee and I
have an eating challenge for you
[Applause]
if you can finish it in under an hour
congratulations you're the winner taking
home
my sex drive is through the roof ever
since the weight loss was a nightmare no
tell you that I'm so horny everyone's
just everyone's just like oysters and
avocados are aphrodisiacs no salmon lean
meat scam you know anything that's the
aphrodisiac brisk walks anyway I'm so
horny I'm trying to you know get out
there approach this problem don't try
and get dating advice from my friends
but a lot of my friends are hot people
have you ever met these monsters these
cycles hot people and I feel the room
talking up I feel it I'm here if you are
offended that I can't have people cycles
and monsters this is a problem you do
need to put your ego back because I said
the word hot with no physical
description and you were like talking
about me you know it's not about you you
don't know what I'm into her crazy you
don't know me you don't know crazy
anyway I know my wonder she's a model to
the worst one she was like she's like
Felicia
if you won't guys to ask y'all [ __ ]
do what I do just do what I do stare at
oh no she told me to do shoes I just
stared at it and I feel so bad I don't
like I like eye contact with men
I'm so sorry I know it's too intense I
was setting feminism back years when I
realize you can just like show a little
titty you know what I mean it like they
look at your titty I was like I didn't
want it I don't get a little bit the
worst thing on my titty is a hair look
at you know what I mean I got a look at
you looking I'm gonna [ __ ] you know but
don't look at my eyes you know my soul's
in there
you know what I'm saying my dad's in
there you go talk to anybody good dog
but I was like fine let me try this do
it so uh I want us to look over here we
saw two guys I was like these see to it
he says oh so so she starts tearing out
one guys super cute they going back and
forth he come on he come from the
volumizer drink they start dancing
kissing it's like damn look at [ __ ]
you know some of the neighbors friend we
go back and forth a long time
Sookie you know maybe holding this deep
heat on the bar I'm like hey he's like
hey do we have a [ __ ] problem I was
flirting so I was like but I did find
him cuz you man for me bottom part don't
worry you won't do any can't fight don't
worry I wanted nice to be touched up all
right I'm not gonna pay I'm just saying
I'm just saying
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below hi I have resting beautiful cherub
face I told my mother I wanted to do
comedy and she said so you're trying to
be like that Amy Schumacher my mother
never hugged me because she's British
and I'm not a horse
my mother's tried to be more supportive
recently I asked her what she would do
if I killed someone
she said I'll help you the first time
but not if you keep doing it I have
mother issues similar to father issues I
never came to terms with they expelled
from the womb it's my ultimate fantasy
to crawl back up my mother's womb that
woman never lets me near her vagina
clearly you guys don't remember it I
have a have a lot of wound memories this
one time she farted and it was better
than any roller coaster I've been on as
an adult or a child
do you know when you're bombing of
course you do you're American that was a
political joke I hate neo-nazis anybody
else they're nothing like the original
Nazis I hate fat shaming my brother was
fat and I used to call him fat and he
got anorexia and died
that didn't happen he's still fat but it
could have and it haunts me I've had sex
dreams about every member of my family
except my sister and it's messed me up
why can't I do my sister
my sister's a doctor now
she saves lives but she doesn't make
people laugh apparently neither do I
know it's it's serious she's not funny
it's sad for her and it's sad for her
patients whereas I actually made someone
die laughing not literally someone came
up to me after a show and said I made
them feel nauseous you're welcome my
parents got divorced just before I was
born so I feel rather really lucky that
they never had sex I was alive that's
disgusting
when I was a kid my dad got in a fight
with his girlfriend and she shouted at
him stop drinking liquor and my dad told
me afterwards that Luca meant coffee and
I felt confused because I never saw my
dad drink coffee but I did see my
hard-working single mother drink coffee
so from then on I told everyone that my
mother needed liquor to get out of bed
in the morning the teachers at school
hugged me and said I was brave
my parents did get divorced just before
I was born and they lived in separate
countries so the first time I saw them
in the same room was at my college
graduation and I'm thinking of planning
an elaborate Parent Trap where I do
several master's degrees my brother does
really good impressions of all the
characters from Harry Potter and I could
do impressions of his impressions watch
it Potter thank you that was that was
mark
that was Malfoy hello Harry
thank you um that was Hagrid Harry no
thank you that was my knee or Ron Thanks
well I better go you have no idea how
much energy it is to be this low energy
on stage
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll tell you a little bit about myself
I actually I'm kind of lucky because I'm
I'm so gay that I never had to come out
so that was incredibly convenient in my
hate I'm never trying I was like yeah
I'm like at one point I was like hey mom
dad or no no we're gonna stop you there
because quite frankly we are very
insulted kind of like a gay guy in that
sense cuz a lot of lesbians they can
hide it you know they're kind of thin
you can't always tell but with a gay guy
it doesn't matter if he doesn't you know
you could always tell if a guy is
closeted because he's got this like a
little sparkle and it's high just like a
little twinkle that kind of looks at you
you know like I I've got a secret
this guy knows exactly what I'm too hard
he just plays heads up he's got half one
hand painted his fingernails blue
that's totally nailed that it's just a
drink oh it's this Winchell
the other thing about me I'm trying to
lose some weight that's kind of my goal
lost about 25 pounds recently thank you
no I'm just kidding I just do that for
the applause this bums me out I'm still
fat as [ __ ] no I did I lost some weight
lesson weight it's hard cuz I like I
like talking about it but it's also like
you know I'm such a confident person I
want anyone to think I'm like trying to
change myself I love Who I am you know
my main thing I want to get skinnier I
have I have a goal okay I want to be
able to go for a run on the street and
people don't look at me like huh good
for her that's my new year resolutions
stop being somebody else's motivation
[Music]
oh I just lost the two in the front
he just got thick nachos and [ __ ] okay
uh uh ain't gonna hear from y'all at all
for the rest of this sets soon as they
got it her hair went straight down like
just got off of work
[Laughter]
I'm so glad permanently though I got off
of work okay
lo let me tell you something I was
working for uber and lyft okay and I am
so glad to report
I don't longer do that [ __ ] oh my god
hallelujah cuz I was gonna slap one of
y'all in my backseat Oh
especially people that ride uber do you
hear me uber people get in my car we're
all a request do me a favor turn the GPS
off I'll tell you where to go okay roll
the window up 3/4 of the way down I need
medium air on my forehead when I'm on my
way to a meeting do me a favor
I'm turn the radio on 102.7 five-eighths
I like classical jazz hip-hop on the way
and be going three blocks [ __ ] get you
one dollar 31 sit right ass out of here
when overtake they feed your ride costs
99 cents you're gonna say it over people
get in my car drinking up all the free
water eating up all the peppermint that
is for my lip passengers that tip god
damn it a lot of uber riders over here
okay I'm about to tell you how y'all do
okay
oh my cuz I was already pulling up to
the job pissed off first of all cuz they
got me with them commercial you can make
$1,400 a week driving for uber and lyft
when you want to oh you can make the
money yes you can if you're gonna live
in a car week okay because you got to be
driving from Sun up to Sun up okay
you're gonna have 15 cups of coffee 500
Donuts and you're gonna make the money
but you're gonna die too next day put
your blood pressure 1,600 over 480 okay
and then they still gonna need to refer
somebody for that five hundred dollars
to make the 1,400 for the week and then
after you refer somebody be gonna have
to turn it to a life coach so you can
get they ass out on the streets
oh they slave driving you and you out
there slave-driving okay because that is
some long hours right there
I think this one white guy though one
morning oh he was a good-looking white
man I never see a white man you know but
this was the one that I saw that I was
like I would really give it up to this
white man right here as you know because
I have a big ol ass and it just turns
white man way back to the motherland
okay they they don't want nothing to do
with this hands you know they this is
the black male caller right here okay
this takes black man right back to the
roots okay they see this as would be
like sister where are you going yeah
sister come here I want to make it
family with you can we go somewhere and
start a family tonight but this one
white bear oh my god did I look so he
was looking real good I say oh you give
me a rock star on this morning he said
just so you know get my rock star we
going be like four minutes he was like
you know come in and smoke a blunt with
me I was like nah man word he was like
cut that punk [ __ ] out I was like nah I
can't do it I'm gonna be too sleepy
he was like sleepy is a bump right after
meaning a bump of cocaine I said sir
give me to tell me I gotta do to drugs
just to get back how I am right now i'ma
just say how I am right now with like
what's so funny about daddy and Cecil
like some of y'all didn't know where the
bump was my homegirl also didn't know
what a bump was she thought a bump was
the dance from back in the day from the
TV show what's happening now
okay let me explain it to this young
section over here cuz they don't know
what the hell I'm talking about so there
was a TV show back in the day and they
used to do this thing called the bump
where two people bump tips like this
right here they'll get together and
they'll just do this big why bump I said
that's what you thought I had to do to
get more energy as I smoke so we just
bus out like seven of these right here
[Laughter]
[Music]
they're remaking a lot of movies now -
which is kind of like get an original
concept but whatever some of them are
good I think I've seen the new it yeah I
just went and got it because it came out
on DVD I didn't see it in the movie
theater because when it first came out
tickets were 1899 yeah I was like 1899
for a movie ticket what the if I
want to see a painted man in a gutter
I'll go to West Hollywood it last call I
heard a boo
is there a painted man and a gutter in
here what is happening he's like hey
girl that's my plan after the show and
then there'll be making tremors do you
guys remember the movie tremors yeah
they're remaking in the first I was
pissed but then I thought you know what
I'm just so happy to see Michael J Fox
working again
[Laughter]
 okay hello Yvonne this Alaska the
last the other day I might be with
Gwyneth Paltrow came on and I was like
 off off completely deaf you
guys heard of goop are you guys familiar
with goop her website
okay so Gweneth Paltrow has this website
where she gives women advice where we
shouldn't be taking it at all
her latest entry was about jade eggs
which is a polished stone that Gwyneth
Paltrow believes women should put up
inside our vaginas yeah and leave it up
there overnight so that we can increase
our sex drive I saw that and I was like
look so I'm gonna put a rock
inside me it's gonna be a professional
wrestler
[Applause]
[Music]
I have facebook I hate it I have it I
hate have it I don't know if they'll do
this because Facebook's the worst I have
only people I grew up with as my
Facebook friends because it's funny a
little bit but like you look on Facebook
and you know we all went to high school
of [ __ ]
maybe it was some of you god bless you I
don't care [ __ ] away I have no problem
but don't get married and not tell your
husband your or as if we all forgot as a
mother I can't see how anyone could be
pro-choice when I am pro-life I'm like
in high school didn't I Drive you to to
abortion I seriously you can [ __ ] with
people really good though in facebook I
post things like I can't believe that
article I just read in USA today about
how camera flashes caused gay
you'll get more people going where did
you wait what I am I'm looking it up at
googling and I haven't seen it I posted
one the other day that I'm pretty sure
cause about 60% of divorces of the
people that I grew up with I was like if
you think your husband our girlfriend
and what do you think they're cheating
on you and you think you know who it's
with
just drive them over there to that
person's house and if their iPhone or
whatever syncs up to that person's Wi-Fi
I just ruined like happy girls
relationships sorry though we work
together
everyone wants prayers - if your dad is
dying or something hey prayers positive
vibes I got you please pray Tyler has a
good day at school it takes every ounce
of my being to not type [ __ ] kids
please pray as much as tasty I will be
chokes on it
how about that
[Laughter]
I went to school with this girl who was
such a [ __ ] [ __ ] donkey I had to make
up a word for what an [ __ ] was going
but this girl three hundred friends
she's the only one that likes her own
[ __ ] [ __ ] Thank You captain and she's
a few months ago posted this picture of
her kid can you believe hunter you know
he graduated the third grade I'm like he
graduated the third grade aren't you
just supposed to graduate the third
grade
it's like cursive writing and glue I
think if you don't graduate the third
grade like what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you can you believe it and three months
later
can you believe hunter starting the
fourth grade yeah I can't just [ __ ]
told us three months ago all I have to
do is scroll through your recipes and
your which golden girl quiz she likes
Glade plugins that was exciting I told
you that story really to tell you this
story is that one thing I like to do is
I like to add a drink
black and lady and I feel like day
drinkers anyway
Sunday Funday with friends just like
Jesus but the problem is when you go day
drinking you go out with your bullets
you have a great time you get home it's
like 6:00 p.m. it's just 6:00 p.m.
you're hammered do [ __ ] you can't go
back out too late can't go to bed too
early you're texting your grandma like
what they make bad choices what happened
the other day was I end up waking up
about 2:00 a.m. because my calf starts
to lock up
you know you flex your foot it's like a
charley horse and then you're just and
I'm like okay well I guess I'm up for a
while I look at my phone enough I said I
had two notifications on Facebook from
the Kentucky office I don't like
interact with her so I went like oh did
I go on Facebook I did and I click on it
and there's two notifications it pulls
up a picture of Hunter starting the
fourth row
oh yeah new clothes backpack lunchbox
slicked over hair first comment for me
Jenny Johnson yeah I hit that
followed by PS tell him to bring the
lunchbox I don't even know what that
means
I had the notifications because she
liked both
[Music]
okay I really like you guys I feel like
I can trust you so I'm gonna I'm gonna
confess something to you lately I've
been clicking on those porn links but
say stepmom and stepson in a public pool
okay I know it's disgusting but it
doesn't matter what you type in a
pornhub you're gonna get incest like you
could type in the words normal sex and
you get like three legged girl longs to
be normal
it's gross at the same time it's it's
taboo so it's only human nature to be
attracted to it but I'll get my real
problem with these videos like what I
find it'd be really annoying about them
is the fact that the acting doesn't
really bring the whole fantasy to life
do you know what I mean I think I just
really want the actress to commit and to
really feel the depth of this situation
like when the son walks into the living
room and is like hey mom thank you so
much for letting me throw this pool
party everyone's having a blast
oops sorry I got the floor all wet maybe
I could get you all wet
I want the mom to be like no this is not
no oh my god I felt I failed as a mother
okay whip it out did you erase that
check it out I'm not thrilled not even a
look at you God you kids will be the
death of me
[Applause]
Mandie we have sit still stop wiggling
around you've got basketball in 40
minutes you want to come or not and
focus up young man look at mommy
well great you made a mess clean it up
and you know what while you're at it
clean up your room and then she slams
the door we all get off thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I've stopped online-dating don't like it
now I just date the old-fashioned way I
just walk outside and hope that's how
people used to date before online dating
you would just put makeup on and go
outside and be like tada
I hope it's today that's all they had to
do they don't have to swipe or make a
profile or anything so much easier it's
nice to not swipe if I don't like
something now I just look away
that's my swipe I just go I dated a guy
who emoji too much it was so gross emoji
too every text had a stupid face on it
you know how annoying that is that's
like talking to a guy and after every
sentence he's like
I'm so happy to be here I had such a
productive day to day actually I wash my
sheets today thank you
yeah for the first time in four dudes
it's uh it's been a hell of a week so
I'm single obviously but I'm newly
single I just got dumped in March of
2014 so well that sounds like way sexier
than being like I'm so lonely I ride the
CTA for fun you know and I think that
part of the reason why is because I
drink a lot I love drinking or you guys
are into even though it's Tuesday oh
yeah before you tickets or whatever
lucky [ __ ] yeah I love trinkets my
favorite gonna do the world I like a
drinking problem or issue or whatever ah
I just found out about it I don't call
it that
the doorman in my apartment building
calls it that every time he sees me
which is fair cuz his shift starts at
noon
and then I saw like stop call him your
doorman I'm your father move out already
he's a silly guy but I was I was
recently sober for two weeks which
doesn't sound like a lot cuz it's not
but it was like embarrassing me you guys
one of the hardest things I've ever had
to do and I stepped on the scale after
those two weeks realize I'd lost seven
pounds that's how much I've been
drinking that's disgusting and it's not
a plot where these guys are all right on
it with that shut up shut up stool ate
when I was I was still proud of myself
really a look at myself in the mirror
and I was like oh hey yes [ __ ] I'm
proud of you you you deserve the treat
[Music]
then immediately blacked out that night
yeah it's hard it's hard being sober in
Chicago it was especially cause like I
can't just go out have like one drink
like it's like I think that there's only
one good time that night to stop
drinking in Chicago you guys if you're
drinkers you know it it's the point of
night work almost all the bars are
closed so it's like 4:00 or 5:00 6:00
7:00 in the morning and you're walking
down the street and you see the one bar
with its lights till I call
and you you go throat stores and go to
the guy at the counter and you say it's
it's been a long Monday I you know what
I'm reciting - two shots of Jameson and
after that you can just close you just
close my tab out for that and then he
says back to you
ma'am this is a CVS pharmacy
seriously okay just the oxycotin but my
ass relationship ended because I was
drinking too much and that sucked but a
good friend of mine said that the best
way to get over an ex-boyfriend this is
what you do ladies each own a boxing gym
okay and every day that you're there you
just pictured his stupid ugly [ __ ]
face I don't know why I'm looking right
at you oh I'm sorry usually there is an
ugly dude sitting in the front row but
are you guys together okay nevermind I'm
not gonna [ __ ] waste my time
well good for you that's I'm happy for
you guys
ah no okay so you're at the boxing gym
rat new picture your ex-boyfriends
stupid ugly [ __ ] face right in the
punchy bag my friend was like it's great
you're gonna burn a lot of calories
right like whatever I'll try it first
day of class I think I'm doing very well
sweating I'm having a good time and the
trainer of the gym comes up to me and
he's like man we're gonna have to ask
you to leave you know yeah and I was
confused I was like what do you what are
you talking about and he said you keep
sobbing and making out with your
punching bag so I bought sit home now
with my body pillow his name's Gary and
I tried all those the online dating
tinder those apps and stuff and that's
not never really like worked for me so
lately this is what I'm doing I'm trying
to find guys using uber because that way
you're you know they have a car and a
job
but I don't recommend it if you're a
drinker like me because one time I like
walked out in the middle of street at 3m
and just hopped in a hot guys backseat
and he was like I'm not an uber and I
was like so don't do that
hey hey funny people welcome to the
famous Laugh Factory in Hollywood
California on the Sunset Strip where
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed and where you could get
your big break
we're teaming up with Laffy Taffy and
Nick Cannon to find Laffy Taffy's
first-ever chief laughs officer was kind
of like a chief executive officer but
way more fun and no stock options if
chosen you not only get that sweet-ass
job title you also win $10,000 a trip to
Los Angeles and the chance to perform on
this very stage all you got to do is
write one two three jokes that could be
written on those Laffy Taffy rappers
emit a 60 to 90 second video of your
best comedic skit to laffy taffy candy
com do that by May 31st and you could
end up right here on this very stage or
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed good luck Godspeed and
may the funny forces be with you
[Music]
I'm deep into porn I like my point I
don't like that quick five six minute
video [ __ ] I need 25 30 minutes I like
my porn with a storyline yeah I like my
porn with a movie like I don't know
what's gonna happen next are they going
[ __ ] is he gonna kill her what's gonna
happen I like my I like my porn with a
storyline I get deep into it one time I
was sitting there naked watching the
movie I hadn't even dragged off yet I'm
just naked as he like what's gonna
[ __ ] have it
my wife is pregnant my I just took my
kid I took my wife and my kids out to
eat my two kids we already got we went
out to Red Robin which is the [ __ ]
big deal we have burgers then my son we
got done eating my son went over to my
wife is like mommy need some help
getting up you're pregnant you're big
now he looks over at me and says daddy
you need to be more of a gentleman you
need to help mommy up I looked at my son
and face said dude you got my little
[ __ ] right now wait [ __ ] you're trying
to show me up for it we got hurt we
don't have we don't got to do nothing
new for her we got her already [ __ ] out
a Red Robin we go on a shopping going
all this [ __ ] Oh daddy I'm a petty
[ __ ] you know I'm saying I'm
petty as hell my cousin the reason he
got diagnosed with MS and with his
diagnosis he was awarded disability I'll
get the [ __ ] out of here I do if he
could get disability I could get this
good
I went to the disability website and
just started looking up things you get
disability for my my gamma get
disability i'ma get and I seen one of
the things you can get disability for is
a stutter I stopped and looked at that
screen like I could have an image I
could have been in it chuckling sheep is
all got down I could have a give me I
kind of it didn't check his [ __ ] these
all got top the fucked-up part is I
really grew up with a stutter for my
preschool to junior high school I had a
speech therapist can't pick me up once a
week out of class took me to have speech
lessons so I'm thinking at the very
least I'm severe to give back pay that's
ready to get back pay that's ready to go
tell us at colleges I don't stutter
anymore but do you old me for the pain I
went through this give me $5,000 I said
right now for $5,000 so I go buy me a
new car and I can do over
[Music]
my roommate just got that little robot
Alexa you can talk to it tell to do
stuff turn the lights on turn the lights
off and Alexa is shitty and her [ __ ]
job she is mad and I share a bedroom
wall with my roommate and it just sounds
like he's in an abusive relationship I
come home from work over there Alexa
turn the lights on Alexa turn the lights
off Alexa I cannot get light doc I'm
like just hit her dude she's a robot
she can't feel it it's not Westworld
but I'm scared of that Terminator [ __ ]
here so when he goes to work in the
morning I always pop my head in like hey
Alexa you doing okay
her Greg yelling at you wanted to let
you know I'm one of the good ones
I have a very high bed in my bedroom the
kind of gotta get a running start to get
on I have a high aspect so I was being
made love to by a gentleman and I was on
my bed on my mattress on my back on the
mattress my booty was scooch to the edge
of the mattress
my legs are in the air I've got a big
rose you can visualize you know what the
[ __ ] you were doing and he almost lost
his balance but he didn't want to fall
so what he did to not fall Baron act was
grabbed me he grabbed me use my belly
that was a goddamn spotter you wouldn't
and the next [ __ ] mayose my his the
Nerdist game over the door I know
something
I know it's my baby there just got real
you gonna grab my ankles my thighs the
mattress I need my own hands
they're real strong when I'm getting
banged out but no he decided swap her
self-esteem real quick
now there's a message miss for the
ladies ladies he had no idea he did
anything wrong he blacked out no clue
the next day I was like why did you wrap
my belly while you were excited he was
like who babe I just wanted to enjoy you
I just wanted to hold you during the
moment or you hold these you want to
hold me here
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I am suing that's what's up all right so
yeah I am gonna be on power this Sunday
so you should guys to watch me it's been
cool cuz that thank you I've been on
here for two years I'm a stand-up
comedian for real but I'm gonna be on TV
so I came out here to live my dream so
it's happening if you see me driving
lifts mind your [ __ ] business
for real I like so weird I told her girl
she's like so what do you do I was an IG
stand-up comedy and like I've lived on
the side she was like left and I was
like well what do you do she was like I
tried over I was like [ __ ] that's the
same I'll run you over get in front of
my car I run yo don't [ __ ] on my dreams
it's been cool
I quit my full-time job three years ago
and I like it just have to take that
leap of faith makes me a caseworker man
got a do it man [ __ ] those four people
it was horrible I used to give out food
stamps and Obamacare I hated it I hated
it so much now I'm pursuing my dream now
I need food stamps and Obamacare you see
how life come back around and bite you
in it well in the office like help me
see me save me and like Brandi you got
it get to the back of the line I'm my
girl coming to your office in here all
them goddamn cat posters down okay it's
always one person in office with a cat
mousepad a cat that's how she got cat
everything and she always want to bring
[ __ ] to the pot look like listen Linda
we already know that you're camping all
over your counter tops okay we don't
want your potato salad stop
who brought the pre-made food I used to
get hit on by my clients which was also
like interesting yeah cuz it's like
after the interview you just told me you
ain't had a job in six months you living
with your parents
you can feed your kids but after the
interview date my comment get her number
though right that's really high
self-esteem that's like the second time
Oh Jay got out yeah I'm saying that's
like way really really really high
confidence right it was crazy because
when he did it he did it so cool I was
like oh my goodness I was like today's a
good day Marcus you've been approved for
the food stamps in Obamacare he was like
that's cool miss Denise and he leaned
back and he licked his lips I thought he
was hungry I was like okay he was like I
got a question for you though
and I was like dang well that's not how
interviews work but what's up Marcus
it was like was I proof for your number
though I would give you my number but
this is looping stopping me it's caught
a background check Marcus no you can't
have my goddamn number
you can't feed you I thought you can't
feed me what a hell we gonna go on a
grocery shopping Food Stamp day you're
on a Whole Foods here I can like a
supermarket sweep you can have whatever
you like what I'm asked what organic
milk at bay
[Music]
you know it doesn't make sense to me the
most are dick pics genital pictures
that's how I column it's also the name
of the production company I'm starting
fittingly to invest in general pictures
ah because I just don't understand why
you would send it to women ever you know
what I mean because I feel like dick
pics are just for dudes like I know that
you're sending it to me because if you
sent it to the dude to do it directly
that would be weird
and we'll maybe a little gay you know
but if you send it to me you know I'm
going to show it to all the dudes around
me and that's what you're sending it so
that now all the men in my circumference
know how big your dick is and that you
have like an ottoman or whatever it's
also late it's also like not relative
like you're not sending me the picture
with a dollar bill next to it they're
gonna move established how much I watch
Law & Order like a lot I know
everything's on statins like it's like
you could be zooming and filtering you
know like it's like when you see Tom
Cruise on the big screen and you're like
he is so tall and then you medium in
person and you're like he's five seven
[ __ ] your dick can be standing on an
Apple box is what I'm saying
like being tricked and also like I
always end up getting those pictures at
the worst possible moment like it never
comes when I'm at home alone by myself
it always shows up on my phone when my
phone is out on the table on a date
because I haven't shown pictures of my
dog you know and then you see this
picture come up in a like yeah well this
is the offer that just came in can you
can you do better than now if not I have
to drive the Riverside
alright I'm Sarah Tiana have a good
night
and give it up for me in 2019 I'm gonna
be turning 50 again I love it thank you
thank you yeah black don't crack
would you using the back of my feet got
more cracks in a shiner Wang okay you
know you'll feel bad when you cut your
foot with your other foot either getting
a pedicure chair right now I'm feeling
every stitch of being 50 that's one
thing about it when you get older as a
woman then come get your ass for the
mammograms I mean this it's a cute
thought you should just go get it when
you're like 40 but when you 50 they come
get your ass like you're FBI and dumb
suckas hurt why why the hell do we have
why we know we need it but why I make it
more comfortable how long have we been
putting our titties in a can crusher and
smashing took rape that ain't fair I
mean for real for real for real my first
one I did not know what it was gonna be
like the lady put the damn titty in
there and kept cranking the handle is
tightening the grip I said [ __ ] you got
me okay you got me you need some secrets
[ __ ] I'll talk what is this the NSA let
a [ __ ] go and then she had the nerve to
walk away and told me don't move how da
[ __ ] I'm on moon when my teeny in a
death grip [ __ ] if I sneeze I'm a
snatch my titty off my chest
hurry up take a picture and she let me
out of the damn thing and it depleted my
cute perky breasts I always had some
nice perky ass breasts that shit's gone
now
I went from 34 be to 34 long
in five minutes I went to get dressed I
had to roll my breast up like a scarf
[Applause]
alright I'm ready to go my friend might
feel like this but I feel like if you
got small breasts you shouldn't have to
get a mammogram they should be a better
stand-up back and look for lumping your
titty I tried to get out of it one year
I said look can't you see it from there
she said I thought I saw a lump but that
was your titty getting the machine get
on in it's time for the lockdown
you know a man must have made that damn
machine because in contrast men have to
have annual exams as well they have the
prostate exam very hot daddy had to had
a prostate exam and and and and I've
heard men complain oh it's so
uncomfortable it's not a good feeling
[ __ ] though well unless you get in your
nuts in a vice grip you ain't going
through shake as a matter of fact you
should be enjoying that little
experience
think about it you getting somebody to
fondle your nuts sticking fingers up
your butt you having a ball so that's a
date really give it dinner and some
drinks on it the next time and make it a
night
[Music]
so I see you're all drinking don't drink
and drive I think we can all learn from
miss Lohan's little problems here's what
I don't get with the rig it why all of
us who drink and drive cuz we don't have
enough money for that [ __ ] you know what
you think [ __ ] it I don't have enough
money for a cab
Lindsay Lohan Mel Gibson Wynonna Judd
what the hell is wrong with you I
understand the drinking but if you're
that drunk call a cab for Christ's sake
you know what you're so rich get
creative you could call the Clydesdales
to pick you up with a beer wagon that's
how [ __ ] rich you are you could drink
and ride a pony the whole way home
that's totally not illegal and then you
could scream out race just [ __ ] the
whole way cuz no one would believe the
witness the following day on CNN there's
some idiot girl in Malibu
I saw Mel Gibson on a pony screaming he
hated Jews no you didn't Mindy no you
didn't go have another jello shot and
find your girlfriends you're just [ __ ]
up Mindy
how long you guys been together when he
runs oh oh together oh but like married
how is your sex life know that you're
married I'm just wondering cuz my kiss
oh yeah my husband I were together six
years we've been married two years but
as soon as we got married sex life
changed like it's not like it got worse
it just got different like weird [ __ ]
turns me on now that used to not turn me
on before it's not what you think sir
for example I got very aroused the other
day because my husband yelled at our
neighbor because the neighbor was
playing his music too loud that's weird
I even googled man yelling at neighbour
porn just to see like other people were
into it and they're not which is weird
you can google any type of porn you can
be like helicopter basketball it's just
like a guy dunking on a puss and you're
like yeah like every it's there but
there's no like quiet down something it
doesn't exist a little bit of context
our neighbors a 75 year old man he's
just this old [ __ ] who parties harder
than we do we live in an apartment
building he lives directly beneath us
he's always just like blasting his music
day and night other day husband I are
just like sitting on the couch just
watching TV and like all you hear is
like beneath us are just like it's like
old man's just having a rave by himself
and before I can even say anything my
husband just leaps off the couch crushes
his beer can in his hand and goes this
ends tonight it just runs out of our
apartment I'm like oh my god my knight
in shining sweatpants he's defending my
honor couple seconds later I'd hear him
downstairs like knocking on the
neighbor's door and he starts yelling at
this old man and the old man starts
yelling back at him and I'm upstairs
like listening through the floorboards
like cuz this is my four flame right and
they're going at it hard to just back
and forth back and forth back and forth
all of a sudden it's quiet
thirty seconds later husband comes
bursting through the door glistening and
sweat points at me and says it's been
handled
really it's that's the hottest thing
I've ever heard like if you live with
your significant other go yell at the
neighbor tonight do it because we have
the craziest sex of our lives there's
just like talk dirty to me yeah let me
like you yelled at the neighbor he's
like okay shut the [ __ ] up old man the
cops
[Applause]
[Music]
when my husband moved in I got
comfortable real quick like the first
few days I would light a match after I
went to the bathroom to maintain that
whole girls don't shed illusion now I
don't even flush I'm just marking my
territory he's getting comfortable too
like the other day he said to me I like
it when people eat my ass people who are
these people the thing I like about
marriage though is the feeling of
security like I know no matter how many
fights we get into what horrible thing I
say or do he has nowhere to go it's
great marriage feels like a one-night
stay on that lasts forever you wake up
together every day and you can't say
what are you still doing here you know
like you have to adjust so now I say
what are we still doing here we figure
it out together
I'm surprised I got married I'm not good
at dating I've been on a lot of bad
dates I once went on a first date with a
guy who ordered a pitcher of beer for
himself I was like wow this guy's just
asking to be date raped
and I did it everyone today is taking
medication for something people take it
for depression for anxiety
this guy was dating was taking it for a
low t-cell count
it's an AIDS joke you'll get it if
you're not careful I've had chlamydia
twice I look like it um apparently you
get it from hotel towels or it could
have been from all those
disgusting people without condoms but I
think hotel towels every man who's ever
said to me I want to you so badly
did just that
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
how'd it go bra shopping online recently
we tried that ladies yeah gentlemen all
right here's the thing when you do that
they ask you the dumbest question right
up top they go what shape are your
breasts where they round a teardrop are
they a symmetrical I'm like cool what do
you have back there for literal sandbags
because my boobs look like a pound of
Greek yogurt shoved into cheesecloth
what for that
mm-hmm nothing teardrop it is I guess
let's go with teardrop let's do it I
think boobs are weird
they're crazy there's nothing else like
them on anybody right I've never met a
guy that's like yeah you know what I did
lose 20 pounds but you know the weight
came off my balls first we have to keep
buying bras accordingly right throughout
our whole life and there's all different
shapes and sizes right you got like
front class bras which are hilarious to
take off because every time you take off
my front class bra just looks like your
chest is vomiting tits
we've got strapless bras which like I
put in a strapless broad within five
minutes it's around my waist so the
worst hula hoop
[Music]
I'm already so jealous of women who can
wear like like sexy bras like from some
French boutique always called like we
are like Shh straps are made of whispers
cup size as big as a Girl Scout batch
like okay and always made of lace who
was in charge of that decision who was
like hey ladies you know the most
sensitive skin on your body hair
put this issue spiderweb
[Music]
the latter years of my my teen years my
grandma raised me and she taught me how
to value myself as a woman and I want to
share this with you guys even if you
have a daughter if you don't if you know
the little girls share this with them
because if she would have told me this
before I turned 17 I probably wouldn't
have been section eight in my house out
but I needed a bus pass so but my
grandma taught me how to value myself
she said you have to think of yourself
as a house baby
every woman should think of herself as a
house now is one thing that you got to
remember you can't be letting all kind
of me and go in and outside your house
you know I'm saying because then you'll
be known as the crack house and you
don't want to be the crowd you also got
to remember that every man wants to come
inside your house mm-hmm
[Music]
breach breach breach
she said you want to keep the grass cut
and keep it clean because you don't want
people walking by thinking you got an
abandoned house
she say don't go out late at night
getting drunk and stuff do not go out
late at night getting drunker somebody
will break into your house baby right
through the back there breaking it right
to the back you ain't nothing like that
and she said once you find a man that
love you and care about you you go ahead
and he'll sign that paperwork and he'll
put a ring on your finger and he will
buy that house and I sold mine I sold my
house I got me a husband temporarily and
I was shocked when he was like will you
marry me I was like for real you want to
marry me because this is a fixer-upper
it got a lot of issues you will not be
the first person to move into this house
I want to let you know it's kind of
spacious I don't think you could see he
said don't worry I'll refurbish it and
he did he did but what had happened was
he had left the house the one a
foreclosure so now I'm thinking about
renting the backyard out so agent is hey
everyone my name is Ben I'm with a
lapidary production to hit the light
factory and I have to advise for you
please like subscribe and comment if you
can't it be nice yeah
why am i hungry I mean I'm hungry I'm
embarrassed but I feel like I know you
guys like I can eat okay I didn't know I
never lose my appetite never you never
have to worry about it
I actually had what they call else I
MERS bulimia I ate a lot then I forget
to throw up
I love it in your thirties when you eat
a lot right you gain weight you gain
weight and it's because you ate a lot in
your 40s when you gain weight
you're like must be a thyroid problem
you know what and it's it's hard to diet
it's hard that I tried the Master
Cleanse No
Master Cleanse there's like limited
ingredients it's like water cayenne
pepper maple syrup lemon salt I don't
know I don't know about any of you but
if any of you ever pissed out your
[ __ ] because
[Applause]
I thought I was dying
[Laughter]
I love the gay guys were like I thought
it was okay I just had a wonderful
[Applause]
[Music]
you try and diet then Girl Scout season
comes a lot and those [ __ ] are
everywhere they pop up like ninjas in
front of your grocery store like hey you
know what you can't avoid them you you
know what I mean you don't want to be a
dick so what do you do you buy your
bucks you buy a box of the Thin Mints
you take those Thin Mints cuz you can
control the Thin Mints go home you go to
your freezer you put in the box of Thin
Mints cuz you can control that then
later you go to your freezer when you
pull it out and they're all frozen
together like one big [ __ ] findt
and that counts as one cookie the diet's
over
[Applause]
[Music]
you get to do a lot of cool shows though
when you do need you stand up I was
actually just down in San Diego doing
some shows down there and I went to the
Wildlife Park because I heard that they
have a program where you can hold a baby
koala bear yeah I was like oh my god
that's so cute I want to hold one so I
get down there and as soon as they get
up to the zookeeper she's about to hand
me the little baby and she stops she
says it is my job to inform you that
half the koala bear population is in
fact infected with chlamydia yes really
I said you know what that's cool half
the Bears I know have it too
yeah you get to do some really
interesting shows doing comedy this is a
true story I went to go do a show not
too long ago and it was with a bunch of
porn stars doing comedy for the first
time I get down there I get there and
the main girl on the show is this girl
named Sophie Dee and Sophie is the super
hardcore bondage like do anything kind
of a girl and I get there I go backstage
and Sophie is hysterically crying like
she it's hysterical oh my girl
What's Wrong are you okay turns out she
was so scared to do stand-up she was
having a meltdown I was like oh [ __ ]
porn sympathisers over here
so I can I know what you're gonna do
later tonight it's great it's probably
on his phone right now looking up Sophie
Dee uh what it just made no sense to me
I'm like seriously that's what you're
afraid of like six-way anal gangbang no
problem but stand-up comedy like that's
it
anyway she gets up she does her set and
you know what she's super funny like
she's amazingly funny but then her big
closer what she took off her shirt to
reveal the most perfect tits that I have
ever seen
and I had to follow that
so you know what my big closer was I
took off my pants to reveal that my
[ __ ] is still tight
[Music]
ah thanks how the heck are you alright
I'm gonna talk about my period thank you
I'm very vocal about my period right and
I talk about it when it's affecting me
thank you because it's a big part of my
life it's a big part of most women's
lives right right I work in a very
male-dominated bar I'm one of two female
bartenders there and a couple days ago I
went up to one of my male co-workers
let's just call him like Andrew Saunders
right he's on Instagram so I walk up to
Andrew Michael Saunders and this is what
I say I go oh my god Andrew I'm on my
period I'm having the worst cramps right
now do you have any ibuprofen to which
the real a Saunders 1989 responded you
know I think that if women get to just
talk openly about whatever is going on
down there for them that men should be
able to do the same I was like okay cool
quick question what
[Laughter]
how do you mean like what can you
possibly be referring to
I'm sorry Andrew did you have a wet
dream last night did you [ __ ] in your
sleep
like listen Andrew underscore Saunders
Twitter I'm happy happy to discuss the
HPV you've been plaguing the women of
Los Angeles he was like no I just think
that there's a trend in our culture
right now for women to be super graphic
about their periods for shock value and
I think it's a double standard I don't
think men can do the same and I'm just
like Andrea buddy I'm gonna level with
you right now if you came up to me and
you were like I have been bleeding out
of my dick for five days I would be like
do you need to talk about it
Thank You suzhou sander thank you like
this is such a weird thing in our
culture right a lot of men not all but a
lot of men either regard periods as
super gross or a sign of weakness like
how many times have we heard some
version of the sentence between two guys
hey what's wrong dude you got your
period oh right like let's just break
that down okay and what's wrong dude
you've been uncontrollably bleeding from
your genitals for a week straight [ __ ]
like when did we equate that to being
weak that [ __ ] is so metal dude that's
as raw as it gets
we're losing life source out of the most
sensitive part clearly not for me I'm
like [ __ ] punchy I don't know I've
been through a lot I'm sorry
my boyfriend's here like anyways we're
losing Life stores out of the most
sensitive part of our bodies and we
literally just shove cotton out there
and we're like the same time next month
[Music]
great can't wait to be severely
depressed for the two weeks leading up
to blood flow my lips are never normal
[Music]
you
[Music]
and I just have to say that I am so glad
that I'm not single anymore in dating
because when I was single all my friends
tried to set me up with people and one
time I got set up on a blind date with a
guy and I sat down across from it dinner
and right away I knew I didn't like him
you know that when you're right away I
was like oh god I got to spend the next
24 hours with this
[Laughter]
so we're sitting there just making small
talk and all of a sudden this woman
selling roses is in the restaurant
looking for the couple's you know she
like looks for Scouts off the couples
she comes up and she's like no would you
like to buy a rose for the beautiful
woman only $20 some roads for her look
at her right she needs a road and the
poor guy exactly awkward like that you
know sitting there not knowing what to
do he was like sure okay and I was like
no the Rose just spent $20 on me now I'm
gonna have to blow him so anyway there's
nothing to screen about this rose it's
huge everybody in the restaurant sees
you getting in it's like we're next it's
like this big thank you so much and then
you have to pretend you like it right
ladies you have to pretend it's precious
you're like
[Applause]
this is us thank you so much do this
this is wonderful okay I guess I'll just
I'll just hold it while we eat
great yeah
guys we went to the movies after I had
to carry it around all night like an
[ __ ] at the Grove
[Applause]
[Laughter]
standing in line I got my purse my
popcorn Diet Coke this role everyone's
looking at me at the end she got the
rose God shouldn't you be married by now
God poor thing she's gonna have to blow
him
[Music]
hey guys how's it going
so I just report a valley that's not
known for being very nice are you guys
familiar with some Beverly Hills okay I
don't live there a better place called
Van Nuys yeah I got some nasty nice okay
if you're not familiar with Van Nuys
it's like the free section of Craigslist
just for Missy makes it new
we've got [ __ ] everywhere
I invite you in my neighborhood if you
need to furnish your apartment okay on
the streets we got mattresses broken
tables broken dreams baby doll heads I
do own their I do own your van eyes I
want a home thanks both of you the rest
of you are here just okay you only make
me stronger yeah I own a lot of people
get impressed by that like oh you own
cool they don't get it though they can
be a lot of hard work and responsibility
like the hardest part for me about being
a homeowner is figuring out how to
consistently bring that up during
conversation
so that I can flex on these hoes you
know I gotta get so creative about it
sometimes it's like what's that your son
is sick okay you live at home so I can
relate sometimes I get homesick and I
don't say that to be a jerk it's just
that I'm originally from Indiana like
all my friends are married they have
kids like I wanna be married
okay if I had the choice between a
random husband and random condo she I
would definitely choose a brand-new
husband at picking up the property of
equal value I think if you're so married
by certain traditional single by certain
age they should just give you a condo
there should be a government program but
no man is cool though it's cool it's got
its own steam
it's a crime scene it's mine
[Music]
if y'all haven't been able to tell by my
appearance I am black yes yes I'm also
five months pregnant with my fourth
child yes it's real my uterus is an
airbnb absolutely I have to [ __ ]
lutely but you know I don't let
pregnancy stop me I still try to stay in
the gym be healthy and things of that
nature but I went to my doctor and he
told me that I will always struggle with
losing weight because I suffer from
something that a lot of black women
suffer from I have really really high
self-esteem yeah
so it's [ __ ] hard for me to see my
father [ __ ] Queen you know I stepped
on my scale and I looked at it it was
like 185 and I was like oh my god you
big beautiful [ __ ] you I'm not a black
woman we don't get diabetes we get the
sugar cuz we just brown sugar you know I
love it I do I do I remember being
younger and being like just don't get
cellulite angel and then lo and behold I
got cellulite all on my thighs and ass
and I saw it in the mirror and I was
like [ __ ] your leg got so much
character
it's like a topographic treasure map I
[Applause]
[Music]
love it um so I am married I've been
married for 12 years yes yes yes that's
how I had all four of those kids with
one man I know y'all were thinking this
poor black girl making bad decisions no
it's me and my husband he shot up the
club a couple of times in it and it
happened yeah so me and my husband we
have a tradition every anniversary we
surprise the other one with a trip
somewhere so for our ten-year
anniversary I surprised him with a trip
to Cuba because his grandmother on his
father's side is Cuban so I wanted him
to get a little piece of his
grandmother's culture and while we were
there we almost got arrested so we got a
little piece of my grandmother's culture
this beautiful it was beautiful
[Music]
this year's been good I tried 33 up and
I'm you're living my best life okay man
out here jumping man that [ __ ] feels
amazing oh my god you just holding his
heart in your hand like dog I finish it
up spelling your friends and Facebook
family members that I killed you cried
it feels great you take your power back
he was mad though I was know he was mad
cuz he sent me a text he said listen
brandy you keep playing with me and I
Malik yo nudes that's illegal and for
most people that would be devastating
for most people okay I never took a
picture I wonder what ready for the
world to see filters was on angles was
right ass with students there's no
[ __ ] to the moon James I don't give a
[ __ ] okay
mass email spam me okay spammy you gotta
have my dance papi you might help me get
another you faster let's go and why'd
you Edna sent it to your brother because
he was cuter anyway don't play with me
do not play with me I was mad though and
I'm gonna rinse clean so I tell my
girlfriend I say he keep playing with me
I wanna send these pictures to his kids
and show him why they daddy went at the
basketball games my girlfriend was like
Brandi you can't do that and I was like
yes I can't I got that number number
right here she was like no you can't do
that cuz that's considered child
pornography
and I was like you know I hate you a
smart [ __ ] but I don't even think about
that I was just like we're bein German
Germans and then I thought about it and
I was like okay I'm Chicago call me or
Kelly Denise let's go okay
[Music]
kids after six months for that let's go
it's been great though
winning a little vacation traveling
alone went to Italy by myself had to
prove to myself the Julia Roberts wasn't
the only one who can eat Pray Love on
okay went to Italy push you can't go on
trips just like you can go on trips by
yourself but you hate trying to plan the
trip with your girlfriends and they
don't ever had any money together [ __ ]
we've been saving for this for two years
you ain't $50 a month aside like that so
I text off my girlfriend's like listen
um I'm in Italy my girlfriend's text me
back like don't get taken I was like oh
my god I am 5 210 pounds I could take me
why did he say a child was not me that's
our thinking about I was like I'm a
black woman II are not taking this okay
the resale value is not that high but
like really I'm single so she me don't
get taken let you mean a fine man man
named Luigi gonna pull up to the airport
and kind of like Escalade talking about
let me show you the world first of all
this one like a great first date [ __ ]
I'm going okay where we go on Luigi my
gun but he take me back to his lair to
his basement I'm a jealous kidnapped
girlfriend okay I'm down there with all
the other kidnappers like listen I don't
know how long I'll be here or how long
you think you stand but you got to go
okay your family's looking for your
chance to cut a roll bet you need to
start shooting on that okay what a
shovel then let me help y'all get out of
here
and nobody he'll need nobody for me I'm
the only one you need but give me this
phone you got to get us call I get on
the home call my girlfriend like girl
what's going on she went oh my god girl
you okay we heard you been kidnapped oh
I've been kidnapped my girl I am down
here we are too in love like he is real
protective like aunt let me on the
window till I roll I can't wonder buddy
to see me like my diet is grain do you
feed me one time a day okay I'm out here
looking think I'm here nice piece of
jewelry it's on my ankle like I'm the
tire to a hashtag lockdown okay crazy
sex be rough I whatever like
like it I'll be loving it up like oh no
no Luigi Luigi yes so easy like it's
quiet you not got all these posters on
Facebook talking about I'm missing can
you please show you my facebook status
to tuck thank you
[Music]
hey I it's hard to listen to comedy
right now isn't it with all these
environmental disasters going on can you
believe we're running out of diamonds so
sad how do you even make a diamond the
only way I know how to make a diamond is
to jerk off an old man where's your
dates ladies it's ladies night it we
can't put women on a show
without saying it's ladies night what's
see it sucks girls have to get jobs now
right like we used to just like the
women's movement ruined a permanent
vacation for everybody it used to be our
dad would just give some guys some cows
and some land and we could just relax if
we wanted something from our husbands
all we had to do is like twist our
dimples and talk like a three-year-old
please miss the sweet buy me a doing and
then if you didn't get what you wanted
get you what you wanted you just faint
like they were couches made just for
fainting
the most work you'd have to do is get up
out of your king-size bed walk over to
the couch and pass out
[Music]
the holidays are coming up about my
favorite know why eating I eat my body
weight and gravy and frosting enjoy all
the things I love every holiday almost
like let's do it I'll figure it out in
February I would rather have a glass of
urine don't work out rather urine with
[ __ ] hairs in it then we're okay
exercise I can't stand all over the land
of the people who [ __ ] work out and
[ __ ] hikers you [ __ ] you know
often I like Runyon and saw it let me
get to the top and I will fake my own
death so I could be like an escort it
down on a goddamn stretcher like a
normal person I've done a lot of things
unhealthy though lose weight like I know
now how to lose weight the proper way
like who here has done the juice cleanse
come on veggie cleansing but you have to
have equipment right I had to buy a
juicer and what a juicer on Jack LaLanne
calm real sight real product my first
juice ever I choose kale oh my god with
cucumber and spinach and celery and I
would rather have diabetes it's the
nastiest [ __ ] in history of all things
liquid and my skinny friend told me to
put beets in there they're like a
massacre in the bathroom
why is it this color what this luck is
happening the inside of my soul and they
same friendly do you feel like you're
getting lighter on the game but
apparently my ass is bleeding is
happening to the inside of my soul why
did that color how about obesity in
clear urine how about that
[Music]
sometimes you don't you don't always
know how you look to the outside world
until somebody tells you you know and
usually it's it's not very nice I was
out getting some cereal at my local
grocery store some oohs by Quaker and
went right in there got it I was looking
like a normal gal walked to the checkout
and the checkout guy checking me out in
silence and then he just looks at me and
he goes you play ball hayloft in silence
that's like saying to a complete
stranger let alone a woman you're big
you use that recreationally because you
should you're a huge woman you should
play sports you have very large hands
I'm not gonna give you a bag get out of
here just like they do in sports just
my uncle's birthday coming up and I went
to CVS this morning to buy him a
birthday card I quickly discovered
there's no uncle section so I had to buy
a happy birthday dad card and just
replace the word dad with Uncle I want
to share with you guys what that sounds
like uncle on your birthday
any man can be a father but it takes
someone special to be called my uncle
you didn't tell me how to live you lived
and let me watch you do it the greatest
gift I've ever received as my friend and
I call him uncle your guiding hand on my
shoulder will remain with me in all caps
forever I love you uncle this one's my
favorite strap in dear uncle thank you
for tucking me in
just changing one word you guys picking
me up and showing me how thank you for
teaching me to do things on my own and
believing in me when I try
thank you for hugging me and loving me
and doing special things to make me
happy
hope your birthday feels as wonderful as
you make me feel every day it's time to
celebrate you uncle so I think we've all
discovered why there's no personalized
uncle cards out there right it's creepy
as [ __ ]
I just bought a blank card I'm gonna
have to give this to him it says happy
50th uncle Rick thanks for being my
dad's brother not touching me
I go Starbucks a lot nothing special
about Starbucks but I hang out there a
lot and I've realized in doing that I
think having any job in any kind of job
interview at Starbucks that's got to be
the most depressing thing on the planet
cuz Starbucks is a rude company they
don't do the job interviews in the back
office like it for the company in the
world no they don't do that
the job and abused right in the cafe
2:00 p.m. so we can see the crushing
defeat and chillier that's going on at
that moment and like you feel bad from
cuz you know Starbucks wasn't their
first choice wasn't their 15th choice
it's our only choice at Starbucks you
know you know the getting asked
condescending questions like not on
purpose just like so do you have any
leadership skills no I don't look like
at Starbucks not sure if you saw that my
college graduate I'm here life ain't
happening all right well then now what
are your long-term goals do not work
here I want to go home right now this is
dumb and if you get the job you gotta
serve Starbucks customers of which 95%
are animals you know cuz you get some
[ __ ] lady who's like I asked for extra
phone with my latte it's like yeah well
I asked for a reasonable job and
respectable salary after I spent $80,000
on an English degree so you can go screw
yourself alright
regular will be fine you know if you're
a guy and you go to Starbucks a small
black coffee and leave alright some of
the stuff I see you order it's
embarrassing as a male myself like dudes
walking in and being like a Java chip
mocha no you won't let you won't because
a Java chip mocha comes with the tampon
naina vagina let's offer me thank you
guys
[Applause]
I just want to share something which I
did a movie called girls trip is coming
out July 21st it's starting Queen
Latifah Jada pinkett-smith Regina Hall
and me Tiffany Haddish and I'm super
excited about the movie because it shows
like sisterhood and how women can get
together and have a good time and enjoy
each other and we might have our ups and
downs but we always got each other back
especially for me and kind of [ __ ] some
[ __ ] up and there was a fun movie to
make we shot it in Louisiana we were in
the warnings for like three months and I
got to be around these rich powerful
women and I was still on ABC at the time
so I felt like maybe I don't belong here
but they hired me and I was like [ __ ]
you and I think it's because I had
checked it out the white woman and then
I needed a white one there for the role
and I ended up getting me and so
affirmative action works for me and I
had a like I'm a firm believer and never
having a bag that cost more than the
amount of money that you can keep in it
at all times
does that make sense - y'all like if I
got a $300 bag I should be able to keep
$300 in it at all times and I had me a
Michael Kors bag that I had got from
this process why me that was $35 so you
know wasn't a real Michael Kors bag it
had n caves all over but you had to look
real close and to see the ill and be
clean - in the cave but you had to look
look to see and I was out there chillin
with Jada and cleaning like pieces and
it was really hot we was in Louisiana
and it was like 79 degrees and like 6:00
in the morning and then we was sitting
out there talking into him went from
79th to like a thousand degrees what's
like a hundred and something in like 30
minutes
right because this morning's I think
that's what a devil had landed when he
got kicked out of heaven he landed right
there in the Worland and so that's why I
was so hot in the lock
my Michael Kors bag had melted all Amy
hit the ground we could hear it here it
was like TV and we all watched it bounce
away and I was embarrassed but I was
refused to show my embarrassment and not
just good bigger like this right and was
like here all country and they was like
looking at me and I was looking at them
when we looked at the lock and they look
back at me and all my direction and data
was like Jada Jada pinkett-smith okay
Will Smith I was like to see what kind
of bag is that I was like this girl just
a Martin Luther King bag everybody my
name is Marcela and I'm with the last
factory production crew if you like that
clip you just saw please like it and
also subscribe to our page if you're
social and you won't leave a comment do
that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
I killed us in LA thank you for saying
that I appreciate you saying that that
dress came back four times it came out
like 30 L it was on the red carpet II
came to the US actually that's fine
[ __ ] times because it shows that
the MC and if they took pictures in my
bedroom you see me dance around like a
little bit I mean my full four thousand
dollars worth probably like I'm a
princess
[Applause]
and my only female that does that like
you pull out your favorite I see and you
just put it on just cuz you feelin like
putting on something cute knowing you
don't got nowhere to go you just be like
[ __ ] you know I look pretty right now
anyway maybe like let me take this off
are getting sweaty I'm a second for that
sometimes I like to put like I got a few
outfits from high school and I'm
definitely about 40 pounds heavier than
I was in high school but when I'm able
to put them jeans on even on my [ __ ]
look like it's about the bus stop
tonight I'm proud of myself but you got
to remember I went to school in 1900 so
everything was bad
[Music]
we've had them jeans with the whale tail
the thong be hanging out the back if you
like I'm sending you a four-page okay
now they're pants the skinny jeans damn
sure had that big ass flannel shirt
middle east where the flannel shirts
with the little tank top underneath got
a little half tank where your stomach's
show you gots a little belly button man
you'd be like eating all my belly ring
looked like another navel just tended
not to belly buttons each yeah I'm
skinny fat skinny feet like I'm skinny
but it's still secondly I hate that [ __ ]
I'll be on YouTube trying to figure out
how did you get rid of these little
critters like it ain't bad but it to me
is bad cuz I remember when my [ __ ] was
smooth and then I like it here is my
grandma boys my grandma used to be like
doesn't mind my mind since that she'd be
like squeeze your booty cheeks together
and turn around and look back that's
what y'all is gonna look like when you
don't squeeze
by the time you turn 35 nice to look
nice by us ripoli indeed and damn I turn
21 for the 14th time and I look back and
I was her squeeze and I was like what
the [ __ ] I made my grandmother start
lying on me more it's the truck so I
started doing the body brush they say
book do body brush the circulation you
know help with your lymphatic system and
they help to break up the sadly I mean
you gotta squeeze and stuff I mean if
you can get like a man to squeeze your
thighs and your booty cheeks and help
that's a [ __ ] line my legs look
all scratched up some [ __ ] brushing
my legs with a dry ass brush look like
I've been walked it through with
[ __ ] rose bush its Ripley ants
crashed [ __ ] up CD back here
[Laughter]
[Music]
I got my my flat shoes on because I'm on
heel probation any heel wear everything
here who loves to wear the high heels
ladies stilettos okay that's only six
let me even out the room who used to
like their high heels but now you're
amazing and you feel okay that we
go okay I love my heels guys but I
fought a lot which is like an oxymoron I
get it I get it
one day I decided I wanted to roleplay
for my husband so I put on my six-inch
thigh high stiletto boots the bad
mother-- ones the cute little trench
coat that goes with it that wig with
that strap in the back ladies you know
what I wanted to make sure it doesn't
fall off I showed up at my husband's job
my husband works for the railroad I
walked into the job looking like a
goddamn storm trooper and I say I'm here
to pick up my husband my husband comes
from the back all this coworkers are
standing out there looking like jsr Mimi
and I don't know what the wrong
with them
my husband is so excited he out he
goes out the door goes down the stairs
goes to the car I'm trying to be a sexy
ass so I tell his friends all right boys
I'll see you guys next time and sashay
my ass out the door down the stairs but
I didn't see the crack in the third
goddamn stair and the heel got caught
and then I fell down the other 17 stairs
exactly I got down to the bottom of the
stairs that wig had jumped off my head
like I'm not taking this fall with
you I got down to the bottom of the
stairs I feel with any woman in this
audience with any kind of dignity left
their mother came down them
stairs and picked me up
dust the rocks off one of the guys took
my wig popped it in front of my coat
cause he couldn't figure out how to get
it back on my head now I'm walking
around look like Papa Smurf what set it
off words my husband is standing at the
car look at me looking at me and disgust
and the only thing he said on the ride
home he just kept looking over at me and
said your big ass too old to be going
all this time father
and my name is Corey
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not a political person really I'm
not into politics I mean all I really
know is that black people we still don't
[ __ ] with Omarosa
[Laughter]
we are not buying a vision book but I'm
not into politics right that's not my
thing but I March you know no see the
[ __ ] just trying to be on trend so so
I'm marching I'm marching and like this
year I did the women's March and it was
so great like was my first time marching
and I learned so much like there's so
many things you need to know if you
didn't grow up in the era of marching
okay like first of all when you go on to
March it's very much like this audience
mostly white people and I went thinking
oh this is gonna mean a man not so much
and it's so exciting you know what I'm
saying and why is it mostly white people
because what are we doing marching and
how else are your white people gonna
solve world problems but with cardio
[Applause]
here's another thing I love I love about
like people I love you guys you all will
take everything and monetize that [ __ ]
and I'm saying some chick in the women's
March was like whoo [ __ ] hat
really I got a [ __ ] I don't know where
that [ __ ] on my head and why am I paying
you $20 for that what are you talking
about and for the black people in the
audience here's a tip for you there are
old white women name like Bertha they
have snacks they have water they're
totally not racist anymore they're cool
and you can't just be cute at the March
you don't say you have to have a [ __ ]
sign okay hey I didn't know that so I
got there's this little taller with the
sign that says I like naps but I stay
woke he couldn't even read or write so I
snatched that [ __ ] but here was the
problem I had with marching in LA it was
high noon okay we're getting downtown
we're down there we're getting our march
on and then these two young white holes
are gonna just rip off their t-shirts it
is flying it starts streaking down the
street what exactly these titties
weren't ready to be that [ __ ] free
why didn't you tell me why didn't you
post why don't you tweet why'd you let
us to know cuz these are not new non
titties
[Applause]
okay there's a late-night reagan last
call type of [ __ ] titties
so the next time for my next March I'm
going to the District of Columbia I'm
going to the nation's capital yes cuz
they wear coats there alright thank you
guys so much I'm here
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a beautiful audience honestly I
wish I could say the same for myself my
confidence has been a bit low just body
image wise lifestyle wives really you
know but at the end of the day when I
look at myself in the mirror there's
really no one left to blame except
Barbie okay [ __ ] that [ __ ] [ __ ] that
[ __ ]
okay expectations were high at such a
young age right that was [ __ ] a
wedding dress Barbie popstar Barbie
mermaid Barbie okay I'm never gonna be
half fish that's not happening like it's
unrealistic for girls you know I want to
see lap band Barbie before and after you
know tax return wasn't as much as I
expected Barbie just get on my level
hit me with DUI Barbie
you know something so relate to for once
in my life
tiny little breathalyzer sold separately
it's adorable
okay I'm going straight to shark tank
after this I'm pitching it to make some
money
yeah Barbie was never a role model for
me okay my mom was give it up for the
mothers in the world
yes single mother for the most part okay
my parents got divorced when they were
young raising hands anyone have divorced
parents okay this is like a nice little
support group for broken homes welcome
you are not alone yeah my dad had
another woman okay believe it or not
Asian dads are very capable of some
trifling [ __ ] okay I think if it didn't
affect me when I was young cuz I didn't
get it you know but as I got older the
more I realized how don't my mom is like
my mom is the [ __ ] okay
my mom is the Chinese Beyonce you don't
cheat on the Chinese Beyonce okay she on
the Chinese Beyonce she will lemonade
your ass she will drop green tea the
visual album
and put you on blast you know in the
music video with the baseball bat hold
up they don't love you like I love you
slow down they don't love you like I
love you that's a Vietnamese accent but
you don't know the difference yeah my
dad [ __ ] up he [ __ ] up you know he
better go up a key with the good
dumplings ah you were thinking it we're
all thinking it
I think I'm gonna change my name's a
yellow ivy you know it's never too late
to rebrand
[Applause]
[Music]
I like my favorite is TLC you guys like
The Learning Channel
who's not the best where you can
you can learn about families
people too many kids
you see those the 19 Kids and Counting
show 19 how is that even at okay look
but it this way Animal Services won't
let you have but six cats how 19
it's so grow and you know that they do
it because they're these religious
people they're evangelical right so that
means that their religion doesn't allow
them to use reason or logic that's what
they have it's so could you imagine
being that poor broodmare of a woman and
just everyone a jimbob's but by
the way i say for the season finale the
we should cut jimbob's balls off
I went shopping earlier I was in a CVS
you know just browsing around you know
what I noticed
yes I probably CVS don't you judgment if
I have to put you up on some gang now
listen
so what I discover in CVS they got home
tests for everything right Nick got
pregnancy tests HIV test DNA tests
that's all home drug test how does that
work I mean I'm pretty sure you know if
you want rose you're gonna be in the
sunlight I wonder if I'm a crackhead let
me just grab one of these and I'm gonna
find out
this lady outside a CVS she came up to
me she says excuse me miss do you have
an extra dollar what the hell got extra
doc
my god was in there count my money 19 20
21 21 oh hell no what is extra dollar
come come
honey what this one girl you can have it
now I hate when those extra dollars be
getting all in my way making my wallet
too tight
I don't even dignify with a response to
that dumb question I got money to just
be giving out to people this homeless me
I'm shaking a cup full of change in my
face I said now you're just showing up I
had to give me an EBT card I ain't even
a shame but I got to tell you the
government is petty do y'all know that
they don't let you buy hot food with the
EBT card yeah so I went to the deli
I ordered a sandwich the man gonna heat
it up so I tried to pay for with the EBT
card he time right you can't pay for
high food with this car I said so wait
till it cool off
[Applause]
I'll bougie out here now lady
everybody bougie y'all no homeless man
asked me to buy him a salad
y'all bombs is on diets and I know you
wondering like well did you get him
masala him no I gave him no salad hey
look horse like 17 dollars
I said sir bombs are supposed to beg for
a change you're supposed to save up
horse that can't be responsible for the
whole thing he got man he tried to
intimidate me he was like yo you're
gonna give me that sound that was a joke
back up off me son like I'm sorry y'all
homeless people running up on people
acting like god only ones that squeeze
yeah I mean think about it
who got bodies in the basement people
went home
that's philosophical instead of a salad
I gave him food for thought
I was watching precious she was doing an
interview talking about she Oh though
her success the hump brand because her
friend is the one who told her she
should audition for the role of precious
what kind of friend is that how do you
propose something like that to your
friend and was she meeting the casting
call that cast named the role our
precious precious is a big fat black
crop dusting based from the ghetto
girl you need to audition for the role
breast girl I know you get it they
described you to us hey I got a fat
friend she refused to eat in public I
said girl I think they know yeah my name
is Brooklyn Jones
[Applause]
[Music]
eight years man like before we broke up
we both really wanted to have a
threesome you know we're like let's do
it well we were both really jealous so
we decided that our third person had to
be terminally ill it was only with you
guys not something that we catch it's a
fantasy not a death wish
you know girls have rules with
threesomes you guys they're like you
can't kiss the other girl or you can't
 the other girl that's crazy I don't
have any rules like that we just have to
kill her after and bond over where we
bury her we did this do you guys know
there's a thing called 'the Rinder do
you know about this mom okay I'm done
okay um it's like if you go on tinder
and you'd feel like these people are too
clean for me surrender is rude you know
it's where you find people to have
threesomes with yeah it should just be
called garbage can but um it's not as
catchy
[Music]
my name is Jade I'm a Japanese gem
that's not my parent Sangeeta but I'll
meet people all the time thank you I'll
be people all the time they'll go I am
world combat like that's love video
games so much they were like let's make
the one character nobody likes any more
child that if you guys ever play Mortal
Kombat right Jade is just like that's
like all she goes there's a fight where
somebody just needs to be kicked like a
bum ground girl I liked my name and then
I dated this guy and I found out his
ex-girlfriend's name was Ruby some kind
of your gemonese who is this
collecting precious stones you broke up
I like I drink for him you know he
finally finds the girl that he loves the
most the girl of his dreams her name is
diamond many later finds up her name is
actually cubic zirconium my name is
pronounced dodgy in Portuguese which i
think so : GG but that actually means
penis in China
chuckle I nobody knows the birds just
getting his a seat I want to be that
rich and famous and I'm just like you
eat my ass right now and then second is
yes sir le job okay your eyes open right
too much mess man I like my name too but
this happens a lot like I'll beat a hot
girl and I'll be like hey what's up I'm
Jayden like wow if I was a stripper
that'd be like that he might get mad
that's not a compliment
today actually that would be my name if
I was a [ __ ] that's great
are there actually here tonight and you
know I'd say they always look as their
[ __ ]
[Music]
I don't think it's okay for anybody to
have a baby
Britney Spears I don't think it's okay
to have two babies and then run around
town showing off your hot pocket to
everybody I think having a baby's a huge
responsibility okay it's like a
five-year commitment and you need to be
ready for it
I don't like people who act like they
have a baby they act like they did
something the rest of us can't figure
out like you took a special test or
somebody you can't get anybody can have
one you can't have one you go buy one
from another country you know it's like
oh I have a mother now Chelsea I can't
have a mother I could have been a mother
too okay three times but I made the
right decisions I don't like people who
have a baby and then [ __ ] and moan
about it you know they're that good my
baby weight my baby weight I can't lose
my baby they took your baby seven you're
a fat ass now okay don't you put down
that matzo ball for two seconds baby
weight from when you were a [ __ ] baby
what are you talking about are people
who have babies in the talk and baby
talk it's like I'm not your baby why are
you talking to me like that like oh how
old's your sunset 72 months
like what what but is that you can add
up to I'm like nine times six what the
[ __ ] is that add up to 63 what are you
twice at eight or do you mean eight you
[ __ ] is that what you have to say can
you imagine a grown up gonna bargain I
214 months coming get it they're having
look like one baby and go buy like a
minivan how big is your fat pig baby but
it needs four aisles was any a band what
does he need that for my sister has a
six month old that she takes two
swimming classes I'm like are you trying
to kill her she can't do that yet she's
not a [ __ ] salmon and how about
people who don't know their babies are
[ __ ] babies you know everybody thinks
they're the best baby in the world it's
like your baby's an [ __ ] they just
[ __ ] hit me what it's not cute you're
like cuddling hugging [ __ ] you it's like
no baby sucks my sister goes you can't
say that about a baby Chelsey babies
don't suck babies are great you can't
say that I'm like some people of sucky
babies some people sucked the day they
were born
Star Jones was an [ __ ] the day she
was born
okay you can be an [ __ ] from the word
go
where's the crazy [ __ ] at where are
you yes there they are
embrace that [ __ ] I really I've been
single for years cuz I'm insane I'd like
to get revenge like nice revenge not
like go to jail like last week a guy
wouldn't text me back so I've registered
his house as a public polling location
[ __ ] right I hope on November 6 people
line up in his door you can't get mad
I'll be like hey you're doing everyone a
favor civic duty I used to be married is
anyone married you took it back that was
amazing you started to clap and then you
realized it wasn't gonna go over well
and then you just stopped what happens
that because you're oh you're trying to
support me being divorced good
thank you I'm like three dicks away from
full-time lesbians so we could do that
[ __ ] these guys I'm tired this [ __ ] it's
not not mad at guys I'm mad at me
because I picked the wrong guys like I
just [ __ ] a wizard like a natural cast
spells wizard like he has a magic room
secret magic room behind a bookcase you
can't even make this up like if you
think you've hit rock bottom and your
love life ask yourself have I [ __ ] a
wizard you're not there yet
I swear to God and like I think women
are beautiful I wish I was a lesbian
every girl every straight girl wishes
she was a lesbian
at some point in her life it's true I
promise you because we get sad we get
heartbroken and we just like guys are
born gay or straight women sometimes we
get depressed into eating [ __ ] like
that happens to women guys remember that
[ __ ] okay the next time you're like
[ __ ] are crazy really we get so sad
we'll switch teams over you guys there's
no straight guy who's ever been that sad
ever I don't care the love of your life
could dump you you know you're not gonna
go out to a bar and some dude comes up
to you like hey bro come home with me
you're not gonna be like you know what
man
I'm tired of these [ __ ] running me
around
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'll tickle your balls just tickle the
balls let's see what happens
[Music]
this real like life [ __ ] but does anyone
here get laser hair removal a few of you
okay you do okay I get laser hair
removal okay so for people that don't
know it's a thing you do like every few
months basically your hair goes through
a cycle you go in I get it a brazilian
so you go in the lady laser blasts your
whole vagina just your whole all your
lady parts they just blast it it's
[ __ ] crazy right at Hertz it's pretty
painful so I did that today so if I'm
walking like I'm sitting on a horse but
it was weird about it I've been going to
place for years it takes years you have
to keep going back and getting it done
and every time I come in and I sign in
you know they know me now and they know
why I'm here and every time they go so
have you had any sun exposure on the
region and I'm like who the [ __ ] is Sun
Tanning their [ __ ] like no I've never
had Sun on my butt was outside just like
I gotta get this Sun Tan building was my
day today that's just I just felt like
that I think it's such a weird thing to
add
do any of you guys suntan your crotch
area probably not maybe the guys I feel
like a guy I could see a guy like on a
rooftop just like sunbathing his dick
actually I feel like there's someone
here that has a Sun Tan dick right now
tan lines on it that'd be amazing
honestly if I had to think I would do
that so I would write something on it
and then I was suntan it like my name is
oh wow this is fun everyone my name is
Ben
I'm with the Laugh Factory production
team here at the Laugh Factory and I
have an advice for you please like
subscribe and comment don't you comment
yeah
I know Vegas just like it's really weird
it's really a weird place to be from but
it's not as crazy as people think like
people actually think I like grew up on
the strip I play I know because nobody
has gotten sense and except for you guys
obviously uh no but it's when I tell
them you know I'm from Vegas they're
like oh my god Vegas is so wide so whoa
how is that must have been crazy and I'm
like you know they think like I was born
in the Bellagio you know which would be
actually pretty cool I'd be like hey mom
I'm hungry and she'd be like okay hold
on let me go get the bottle that'll be
$1,000 um no it's good that I didn't
grow up on the strip if I grew up on the
strip I'd probably be dead no all right
nobody here likes a party okay okay no I
do like to party I like drugs I don't
listen I know I don't look like I do
drugs I look like I do juice cleanses
but the truth is I like to do both and I
like to do them at the same time
all right getting carried away no but um
why not what I tell people I'm from
Vegas and they ask I like to just make
jokes about it because I'm sick of
telling them it's just like a normal
City
um so I'm like yeah you know oh god it's
so hard you know to have to take poker
as an elective not to mention so
annoying that we didn't even have
marching bands we just have DJs
you know and actually in the really
really really bad side of town um the
merry-go-rounds don't even have animals
on them they just have poles so sad it's
actually tragic I know um you know Vegas
is obviously it's like known for very
specific activities those of which I've
you know learned in very awkward
situations like one time I was really
hitting it off with this guy and he just
like got my phone number
and then immediately he was like whoa
that's Vegas and I was like yeah he was
like what'd he do in Vegas
and I said what do you mean like I grew
up there he was like okay good so you
never like work there
and I was like I know don't worry I'm
not a hooker anymore but he didn't get
that I was just kidding cuz he was like
okay gotta go and I was like no no I'm
just kidding it's always big free
[Music]
I was seeing this guy and during a
conversation he admitted to me that he
believes the earth is flat yes yeah did
you have that happen to you was it him
no oh well damn [ __ ] you must not care
it was the guy before him yeah no you
already spoke it up you can't take it
back now
cuz now it makes you feel like a genius
he was like damn you was with darkness
Ravel can't come back this guy said it
with such conviction he was like it art
display I've been attracted what does
that say about me that I'm attracted
dumb [ __ ] that think the earth
is flat
what is not so pristine I went to
college what is this universe I told my
friend the story she looks at me she
goes Chloe it's your fault it's your
fault because you should have asked him
this is 14 17 or 20 17 who was asking a
grown-up daughter they think the earth
is flat and I can hear the silence in
her room maybe some of you believe that
I'm gonna tell you something if you
believe the earth is flat you keep that
[ __ ] to the grave ok you put it as a
footnote on your will I'm leaving my
xbox to man man by the way I think the
earth is flat that way we can't judge
you cuz you did you understand you
should have asked him as a single woman
dating is already so many questions we
have to ask I don't have to accent the
earth is that there's so many number one
are you married - are you engaged to be
married
do you have any kids do you have any
kids in the womb
[Laughter]
do you have a job or are you an
entrepreneur translation you ain't got
no job do you eat vegetables do you
believe in God do you know your parents
do you know your dad do you call your
mom mommy mount with this [ __ ] a lot of
questions we have to ask my personal
favorite this is the end-all be-all you
have to look him dead in the face and
say is there anyone who believes that
they are in a relationship with you
and watches a bead of sweat trickles
down and they try to be smile on me I'm
not no mind reader I don't know
[Applause]
[Music]
I do have a boyfriend who lives on 79th
and like we're like I said a group on
that course you were both seven we were
like very different like it's weird cuz
we've been dating like I was single for
a long time like are you for real like I
had a boyfriend and then we broke up and
I dropped like 99 pounds I lost like 99
pounds for real like no lose my weight
like no I feel lost 100 pounds and I was
single for a long time and I became the
whole I had fantasize about it like when
I was fat right and then you know I met
my dude and he just kept [ __ ] coming
back right so now I'm like in a
relationship with him
like okay so we've been together for
like two years and then something
happened like ladies who are in a
relationship like clap if you agree with
me like two years we live together it's
fine and the middle of the night I got
up last night and I looked at him
sleeping and I thought to myself I
should smack the [ __ ] out of you
he's a [ __ ] like Incas give them a
[ __ ] nurse and the [ __ ] thing is
it's like I have a hard time sleeping
which is terrible because they teach all
day and then understand up at night and
so it's like it's horrible to have
insomnia so that watch [ __ ] for like my
own entertainment like I'll watch porn
right and everyone watching porn
advancement does anyone else watch but I
notice something like I'm up I'm just
looking at these born and then I'm like
nowhere to see something like you guys
can even like check me inbox me later if
I'm wrong I want you to go and pornhub
and I but you look at like white porn
like you know Colin white actors the
titles are very incestuous right they're
all like step daddy [ __ ] step brother on
the steps but if you have it before I
want you to look at blackboard former
black actors the titles are the most
disrespectful titles you will ever read
will be like black dot [ __ ] baby daddy
for gas money you're like I stay up to
4:30 to see if this [ __ ] got $35 for
gas right my boyfriend smokes a lot of
weed I don't I smoke weed like here and
there but like now easy like ladies you
guys smoke weed he makes me go but like
he gives me the money but he makes me go
get the weed and I realize that like
every woman in here knows that we get
ridiculous discounts on we but if you
are a woman and you pay full price for
weed you are ugliest
me and my boyfriend had an argument
yesterday like cuz here's the thing like
he asked me he just casually he's been
casually like dropping like how many
people have you slept with you know I'm
like you trying to ruin your own night
like I told you I was back and I lost
weight so my number is high right asking
and asking and she asked it away or
whatever in like ladies if a man asks
you this you know how many people you
stuff with it like here's a way to tell
the truth and lies like first of all
they shouldn't ask you cuz that's your
person for instance but like here's a
way like lying and telling the truth I
think of your number and then eliminate
all the dudes who didn't make you [ __ ]
then eliminate the dudes you only [ __ ]
once so I told my dude I was a virgin he
got mad
[Applause]
yeah I think I'll say that [ __ ] you can
turn a ho into a housewife I'm like you
ain't got no house
[Applause]
[Music]
and Frank is the reason I've never kept
a truly honest diary
my ex-boyfriend was blond got a new
girlfriend she's blonde she posts a
photo them together
hashtag Aryan race knows I posted about
it a lot and I'm like okay so you're
either dumb trying to be funny or a Nazi
right and like there's nothing worse
than a girl who's trying to be funny I
went back to Instagram um she blocked me
went to her dogs Instagram her dog had
lost me and I'm the person who knows
that her dog blocked me I hooked up with
every black guy at my high school and
now he's gay
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
last thing um what's up with guys going
straight for the a/c day you don't know
what kind of day I had thank you so much
my last ex he was white he's still white
and still totally a white person I
gained a lot of weight in that
relationship because my ex did this to
be nice he was trying to be a good
boyfriend are you guys together he's
just doing me a thumbs up but she's like
what the [ __ ] do you think why would I
be sitting here if we weren't together I
get you girl your shoulders are out have
a good summer so I don't know if he does
this my ex did this to me to try to be a
good boyfriend he's like you're
beautiful no matter what does he say
that to you good you can get fat as hell
like I did um he told me I love you no
matter what you look like my hungry ass
heard that and I'm like dope great news
I may be some cookies about it right I
treat love so I gave 25 quick pounds in
that relationship now I'm shaped like a
sexy Teletubby thank you that's his real
name I'm petty as hell okay oh my god I
really feel in summer though I wore this
crop top so you can't tell I'm sad is it
working I don't know um
this skirt is too short I didn't know
people people never sit in the front row
you could probably see the lower third
of my vagina I don't know what to say
it's that kind of day it's that kind of
day oh so I gained a bunch of weight in
that relationship but before that so I
told my ex that I used to be a
cheerleader back in high school and he's
disgusting so his eyes lit up bright he
got so excited and it's like Rebecca
Rebecca if you still got the uniform
just go ahead and put it on for me it'll
be a lot of fun and I'm like okay why
are you saying this we've been dating
for a while you know I'm crazy as hell
I don't throw [ __ ] away of course I
still have the uniform right stuff get
the uniform out and I'll put this
uniform on we'll say I got it on by the
grace of God that's what we'll say
because I was less than half their size
in high school and now according to
t-shirts I'm now a medium-sized man [ __ ]
happens but so so I'm in this super
little uniform I get into it I'm proud
of myself I can't breathe he likes that
too we won't read into it and he is so
turned on that I'm like okay is my
boyfriend's fetish teenage cheerleaders
or big [ __ ] squeezing in a tiny
clothes
[Laughter]
[Music]
so I do have a boyfriend we've been
together for seven years thank you thank
you yeah we live together we're not
married he doesn't want to get married
and that's fine that's fine I don't care
that I don't have a ring even though
diamonds are my birthstone yeah it's
fine uh but you know he's been married
twice right so he does he doesn't
believe in and he's like why do you want
to get listen we have an amazing
relationship why do you want to change
it and I'm like yeah we have an amazing
relationship let's take it to the next
level so now all we do is fight about
how amazing our relationship is but I I
understand where he's coming from
because I can be a little crazy so we
were on the couch and I was showing him
one of my old high school yearbooks cuz
I used to be a cheerleader so I'm
showing him some pictures and he was he
was getting just a little bit too
excited about the pictures you know he
was like oh my god whoa that's you
wow wow wow I would have been all over
that [ __ ] in high school I think okay
what she's 18 you know I mean I can't
compete with that I mean if that's what
you're into you know you're like 48
years old I don't know why you're
looking at that you know you guys I was
jealous of myself
what is psycho
so now when we're having sex at night I
don't even know if he's thinking about
me
or me you know I hope it's me but it's
probably me [ __ ] I am a little bit
jealous you know he's a producer and he
goes off on these trips and he he
produces commercials and then he comes
back into town and he's got all these
new friends on Facebook right and some
of them are these women that he works
with and you know and I'm like okay you
know you don't have to that's not
necessary
you know friending people why are you
friends with this new girl and he was
like what are you talking about and I go
yeah I mean she's like young and cute
Wyatt why are you friend you know why
and he was like babe come on
are you jealous and I go well I mean he
goes come on do you think that I'm
having an affair with this girl and I
don't know no I don't and he goes do you
think that if I was I would be stupid
enough to friend her on Facebook
I was like who are you not friending on
Facebook moving out to Denon this really
beautiful girl walks by I'm like oh
friends with our on Facebook
he's like no and I go why not
[Applause]
[Music]
I recently joined tinder and I got a
message from a guy that said DTF [ __ ]
I didn't know what that meant so I asked
my friend and she said it means down to
[ __ ] [ __ ] he likes me
[Applause]
I have a boyfriend now and he's real so
that's not the joke I went into it
things are going really well with us I
even went into a doctor's appointment
the other day just so I could finally
answer yes - are you sexually active
I'm really glad not to be in the dating
scene anymore
my least-favorite dating say was
probably linked in first dates were
really hard for me too because I had to
answer a lot of questions like the other
day I was on a date with this guy and he
was like where's your favorite place to
eat in LA and I was like my car I went
in for a job interview the other day and
the potential employer asked me what my
biggest weakness was and I started
talking about how I have a hard time
reading situations situations
and then I leaned in for a kiss I'm from
Texas okay
my favorite thing to do in Texas is
leave I was bullied a lot in school
which is mainly traumatic I guess
because I was home-schooled
[Music]
my mom always told me Megan you gotta be
confident be yourself and I'm like mom
which one is it
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I've been trying to lose some weight I
don't have a scale but I do have a pair
of pants that tell me when I need to get
my [ __ ] together
[Applause]
my goal is to be the level of hot where
I can shotgun an entire pizza by myself
and it's still considered adorable I
went into my doctor's office the other
day and he was like Megan I really don't
know need to know every time you're
sexually active and I was like no I just
need to know what I need to do to lose
some weight and he goes oh okay just eat
right and exercise and I was like right
right and then I slid over a five-dollar
bill gave him a wink and was like what
else
[Music]
I was looking for the 25 year old which
was going well as well as it can't go
from 25 year old until he sent me a text
that said where have you been all my
life that's what the 25 year old asked
me where have you been all my life I'm
like well let's see when you were born I
was a senior in high school now send me
a picture of your dick because that's
what young guys do why does that happen
why is that still a thing oh my god when
you're dating a young guy you're always
one text message away from a dick pic in
any given moment like any moment I don't
understand it's shocking to me cuz it's
almost like you guys are shocked that
it's still there in the morning they you
have to take a picture of it documenting
you're laughing you're like a folder
dicks on your fault don't you he
probably sent one today I feel like he
would just - boom there it is like they
got him ready to go that's the thing
it's always it's so bizarre to me you
guys are just like oh my god there it is
snap happy Tuesday ladies it makes me
think like what did guys do before
camera phones like doing think about
that like I imagine some guy in an 80s
and 90s just staring at himself naked
like yeah look if she could see it now
she'd be right over
obviously quick at the Polaroid and a
stamp actually be a great whatever your
great letter that would be such a great
letter like guys the next time you want
to set a dick pic please go old-school
and mail that [ __ ] oh my god I do it
with the Polaroid knowledge and like
half develop it so we have to do some
we're like oh my god what is this I
don't know I got a letter in the mail I
don't know what it is I thought it
wasn't oh my god well that's going on my
vision board that's where that is
what's up still single I'm not good at
dating hard but I would like to get
married one day like I'd like to be like
my parents it's really impressive
they've been married almost 42 years I
mean to seven different people but still
like not at the same time we're not
Mormon or anything like that but like if
most people have a family tree I would
say we have more of a family tumbleweed
just keeps rolling along picking up dirt
and debris nobody knows how they're
related to anyone else
we just know not to [ __ ] each other
because we're not Mormon I got a
surprise recently very exciting news we
have a new child in the family my new
stepmom my dad he's a 75 now and just
married lucky number for his soulmate du
jour and it's actually pretty cool we
have a lot in common were both six-foot
blonde and way too [ __ ] young to be
married to my dad but she's skinnier
than me with bigger boobs so [ __ ] her
she's great just that my family were
only nice to people we don't like so I
gave her a nickname I pretty much call
her the worst possible thing a 30 year
old woman can call a 38 year old woman
in public which is mom yeah she was but
then like I hate when she acts like
she's my mom
like I stayed with them over the
holidays right and I was all dressed up
to go out and as I'm walking out the
door she's like you are not leaving the
house wearing that like you're not my
mother you can't tell me what to do
she's like no I'm mom but that is my
dress
and you're stretching it out
you guys ever had sex with somebody
without a condom and then freaked out
that you got an STD so you gon get an
STD check and then before you get the
results of the STD check back you have
sex with somebody else without a condom
then it turns out you definitely gave
them the thing you thought you have yeah
just mate I'm asking for a friend no or
in my case you think you're having us
today and then here remember you haven't
had sex in 18 months and it's just your
body trying to get rid of all that
excess fluid that's supposed to be used
for coitus I had a scare recently I went
to Planned Parenthood and here's how I
got the results back over the phone
hello ma'am this is Cynthia calling from
Planned Parenthood with regards to the
syphilis it's like Oh Cynthia that isn't
even one of the things that I thought
that I had with regards to the syphilis
it is negative thank you so much for
calling me on a weekend I really
appreciate it with regards to the
gonorrhea it is negative now Cynthia's
called me on speakerphone in front of my
new boyfriend in the car which was a
real good start to the relationship if
you're keeping up you're playing at home
that's going around negative syphilis
negative with regards to the ER piece it
is she was Filipino that's why with
regards to the ER piece it is negative
now guys I'm not a doctor but I know
official that that's not happy about the
results of an STD check is when they're
all negative I started to feel like I
was on an episode of the voice was like
chlamydia it's gonna be a no from me
Thank You boob I just not looking out
for red flags and relationships so I was
seeing this guy red flag number one bit
angry right not good red flag number two
we're driving through the Hollywood
Hills whenever you're driving through
the Hollywood Hills there's always an
old white lady walking an old white dog
yelling at you to slow down if you're a
normal well-adjusted human you just flip
her off and you keep speeding okay
this is what this guy did verbatim
Wayne's down the window and he says [ __ ]
you you [ __ ] [ __ ] I hope you have a
heart attack and die
it's a red flag number two okay red flag
number three was it was 40 and he'd
never not once even considered the
opportunity of maybe trying anal you
know now oh okay
because everybody's single everyone's
trying to [ __ ] tonight but they're just
not cuz you're all you know things okay
alright I'll carry on with the joke Ben
okay so he's never tried to anal but I
was like listen guys and just to make
you feel more comfortable I don't have
to do anal it's not a prerequisite you
know I just need to know that it's at
least on the table maybe on the bed with
the towel you know just need you to
think outside the box my friend started
seeing this guy and she said at the end
of the date they try to have sex and
they couldn't because his dick was too
big and I was like this is not bad boys
up for a challenge you know what I mean
yeah and I mean if you can tell from
down there I am 6 foot tall bit taller
than your average bear got a bit more
space in the answer ok we started going
out turns out it wasn't too big ok um he
was a little bit shorter than me though
and there's nothing less sexy you know
when you're in the throes of passion
with someone you've been throwing up
against the wall and you just know deep
down in your heart of hearts you just
know that he's just on his very tippy
toes he's you know he's trying to reach
in it you're in a squat line your legs
are starting to shake you got a waist
him up rip his little legs around there
you know walk into the throw him on the
bed you know started to start to feel
like a sex giant you know I was like fee
fie foe [ __ ] me hey guys I'm sterilized
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
Friday 13 I talked to my mom earlier she
goes what are you doing tonight it's
something that the laughs actor just
said be careful
why she is good you don't watch the news
in a year every day is goddamn Friday
the 13th
okay let's like get home and like
[ __ ] Bill Cosby's making me a drink
and Jay Simpson son in football is like
there's no way I mean would I even went
to took my car drove down to Fairfax
today because I wanted to see Orthodox
Jews and teenagers buying sneakers I did
but afterwards I was like I'm gonna go
for a little jog down I'm gonna exercise
and I'm just having a happy-go-lucky
time in this Tesla LA
pulls up along next to me and four high
school boys one of them leaned out of
the backseat goes hey suck my dick [ __ ]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
from Texas I was like I think you go the
sound for those southern rappers they
can't drive into those weird
you don't shout my dick and that what
you want to wait to see how that story
plays out maybe I wouldn't be like mr.
Chan's ready kids
some people ask you have kids no never
wanted kids oh I'm 39 years old now I'm
like I have to go to urban dictionary
more times than I care to mention to see
if I mean complimented or insulted on
social media
Hey I have no idea what [ __ ] means
anymore two years ago remember I wrote
some tweet this chick replies back girl
you're on fleek and I'm like [ __ ] you
you're moans oh hang out with
understandably hey one of my friends
hang out with her daughter just I don't
know she calls me later did you tell
Madeline to take naked selfies seventeen
this is the best her body is ever gonna
look snap away dude I wish I had naked
selfies of a mess I mean I look amazing
at 17 she's like just did you also call
a woman a [ __ ]
in front of her I'm like I'm not
political I just I hate all politicians
equally politically yes but right now
what's going on
it's like Lindsay Lohan's life in 2007
click every day we're like what
[Laughter]
you guys thank you for your services
military horrible everyone should have a
voice I think that's the problem there
are people who buy Nissan cubes I want
to get pissed off I just go on social
media and I don't just send me into a
tailspin what an Instagram some girl I
grew up with who's maybe covered in
freckles but not on Instagram filtered
[ __ ] she is
Mayfair and whatever all those other
[ __ ] filters are full makeup hairs
mermaid girl look at hands white t-shirt
with Flashdance off the shoulder and
then the like right there the Mondays
[ __ ] you
what the [ __ ] is this dudes we'll take
the you know the shirtless selfies in
the bathroom they're always you know
guys who wear the basketball those mesh
basketball shorts and we can see your
Weiner tip outline and if you think that
I don't see a guy jogging and I don't
have to wreck my car to turn around to
take a picture
yeah I totally we don't eff out lines we
all see them but taking a picture it's
like rise & grind no days off well your
toilet seats up and there's cows all
over the floor there's mold on your
shower curtain I don't know maybe take
the goddamn day
[Music]
so I bought my best friend a pair of
TOMS shoes if you don't know what Tom's
are if you buy a pair of these shoes
they send a pair to a child in need all
around the world really nice right I
mean we should probably try that with
groceries but I bought these shoes and I
found out she just returned them and
that's when it hit me you guys holy [ __ ]
what happens when you return Tom's
because I like it picture is some poor
little child running through the
wilderness somewhere with the founder of
Tom's running after him trying to grab
those [ __ ] shoes off of his feet and
send it back to Nordstrom's in Santa
Barbara all because my best friend
thought they looked weird on her feet
you guys turns out at Tom sells
sunglasses too it just seems like we're
sending them everything but what they
need right like what's not sending
Gatorade to they stop dying of cholera
what set of accessories right shoes
sunglasses maybe gonna round up some
used iphones after the show ship those
babies overseas it might be starving to
death you guys but they're going to be
really well-dressed and tweeting till
the very end
I'm with traveling one of the things
that I realized that I hate the most
about it is I hate TSA I hate TSA so
much I have like the most useless jobs
ever because it's like and get people
bring weapons and kill people at the
airport you make CSI taking their guns
no but you know what they are taking
your water your lotion your perfume your
preparation H whatever is going on in yo
life you gonna take it they taking it
all and you walk in as soon as you walk
in I'm like TSA stands for throw [ __ ]
away that's all the [ __ ] they do throw
your [ __ ] away okay like Highwood TSA
we're gonna throw your [ __ ] away and
step one throw right it's so weird
though because it looks like I feel like
I feel like they're job interviews were
like so on a scale of Shaquille O'Neal
at the foul line and Steph Curry with
the pot how good is your fadeaway jump
shot you know I'm saying like how good
are you were going away other people's
[ __ ] I couldn't throw away my lotion
like who is building coconut scented
bombs who the [ __ ] is doing that who
better see spicy spray anthrax who got
that not me I put all my frogs in this
book bag and one carry-on you need to go
check the [ __ ] it's going
through TSA PreCheck you gotta check out
my shoes you don't know what they got
new shoes bombs and stuff also going
through TSA I feel like maybe nobody in
this room can relate and know okay so
and off you know the black one y'all pay
everybody whenever I go see I study I
always check my hair they always want to
check my hair I get it it's not mine but
that's not your business really
oh [ __ ] you understand and they always
say like stuff I went through and if we
that's surprising they got to step on
through oh we gotta check your hair like
didn't check money at every Airport I go
to like this eh this is routine then we
have a black woman check my hair and
like I don't even know where to get
these black bumpers from sometimes I saw
black on the coral out of carrying case
it was like my bad girl on my car
I told me a couple of yards coming
through my check your hair so racist
that's the only job that you can have a
sigh from a hairdresser where you just
tell the black woman that you're gonna
shut touch our head she's not gonna [ __ ]
you up okay the only job I'd like okay
the government said you have to I guess
it's ridiculous I was in Oklahoma and I
didn't see any black women Oh glad for
him and I was like who won't check my
hair to take nobody got it like man when
I say they would've found a black woman
they would understand a bond it was like
Mary can you come over here
the chicken here I have spinning it in
my hair [ __ ] I don't think I got to get
water why y'all start for me
[Music]
ah did I like all this [ __ ] Fitness
health stuff man I do weird things to
get in shape I rock climb I went on a
juice cleanse recently I don't recommend
now that was a bad idea
you're supposed to research these things
right I didn't do that I was like I'm
gonna do a juice cleanse so I did 14
days 14 days nothing but Sunny D got
diabetes knows scurvy some
I was I was looking into this thing it's
called the Paleo diet Rice's diet you
eat stuff cavemen and access to because
I guess caveman we're like shredded or
some [ __ ] if I'm not mistaken didn't
caveman died of old age when they were
like 13 and doing it man
have a friend he's been trying to
convince me to CrossFit and I was like
yo man I'm not gonna join CrossFit okay
because I don't join cults okay I grew
up in a hippy Hindu Hari Krishna commune
till I was 12 years old and I'm
currently in a a so I know what cult
when I see one okay I'm not gonna get me
with that [ __ ]
[Music]
I have Sirius Radio now so I'm listening
to all this stuff I would never listen
to what some of these uh sure uh sure's
lyrics sound like he's reading out loud
his drunk text your boobies is like wow
wow wow the comedy lyrics do you
consider before settling on those I
think his name's uh sure cuz that's the
job you should have Oh too much for some
people it's like he's one of rights
let's make love in the club really are
you sure we're not [ __ ] uh sure up up
against the margarita machine since
we're experiencing intimacy how about
you not finish on my outfit that'd be
great see that was out of context now
sexy just arrived sir can you not finish
on my outfit see it's confusing right
you really want to make money right now
here's what you do you write a song that
makes teenagers think they can get rich
and famous without having to do anything
that's like every song you beautiful no
matter what they say actually you're
sixteen you've never read a book in your
life all you eat is chips and you're
pregnant
you're not beautification Perry says I'm
a firework technically you're an obese
latina goth I could say you got to work
on yourselves like everybody else
I'm not from around here I don't know if
you can tell Yacht Club new didn't you
sir yeah he's like they don't sell tie
dyes in LA your rights are you doing it
does it go to like the beach for that
crap they don't play around I moved down
from Fairbanks Alaska it's kind of a
gross place to live I don't know if you
guys know this but we have 10 men for
every one woman nope
no I would have sounded more excited you
know we we have a lot of men we do but
we also have a saying we say that the
odds are good but the goods are odd it's
not cute yeah the silver lining is that
I'm very popular with the men there I
think it's cuz when they look at me they
think damn but she could carry like 10
gallons of water in one trip all right
naughty little skinny [ __ ] I see you
look at the tiny one over there a little
precious little Asian girl I don't even
know what we'd do with you maybe lay out
in front of the door to block the draft
or something huh just adorable you can
recruit your friend here and I'll pay
each three bucks an hour to sit on my
feet and keep them warm they're so
precious are they what am I talking to
you're all tiny over here i scammed I
come over here like there's gonna be
some big fat ladies over here like yeah
it's still la on this side of the room
um still Los Angeles can I ask you
something Asian people Oh what is with
the picture-taking what is that like
just concept I used to live in New York
and whole groups of Asian people would
stop and individually take pictures with
me which I can only guess is because I'm
six-two which leads me to believe I
don't fit in any of your countries
because if I'm enough of a spectacle
that whole tour groups are like we gotta
take a picture with this lady you don't
have a bed for me anywhere in the whole
country I can't sit in a chair don't oh
oh no little skinny girl over I saw you
Oh boohoo no I eat whole cakes
ever I want I have a great life see you
I feel sad for it probably hurts to sit
down
we gotta cling to your giggly friend
when it gets windy I know the worst
thing about being little is you guys can
only sleep with like two or three guys
then everyone thinks you're a [ __ ] that
would never happen to me sir no I can
sleep with whoever I want and everyone's
like well good for you
it's amazing amazing
I also decided I'm going to use a white
privilege that I get here's the thing
I'm a hundred percent Porto Rican but if
you just look at me you may not know
that right away you may just think like
I'm a white through the knows how to
roll blunts for his black friends
I get benefit of the doubt white
privilege I didn't realize until I got
pulled over by a cop one time and he was
like he's just looking to the guy you
can go I was like whoa I got a warning
and an erection of like this is hugging
though I'm gonna leave it up I'm doing
all types of white people [ __ ] now like
I went to a farmers market and bought
cheese I'm gonna make a charcuterie
board I'll give a yelp review I'm gonna
let my shoes get dirty as [ __ ] I'm doing
a lot of people [ __ ] dude scoop things I
understand by my younger white dude one
why the [ __ ] are your shoes always dirty
I don't understand if I can get new
shoes and you celebrate my jumping in
the puddle you're like yes pet dancing
and [ __ ] like
[Music]
my friends have also been inviting me
out to a lot of drag shows lately I'm
not a huge fan of them I feel like they
they remind me like those old racist
shows a little bit like I feel like drag
makeup is just like female blackface
they're not representing us in good ways
I don't know my friends are getting so
empowered they have names like Tasha
salad and like hazelnuts
well this like strut out and just like
gyrate to Tina Turner for a while my god
I just wish like one could have a
practical name like Susan you know she
come out lip-sync a TED talk about like
diversity and leadership at the
workplace we put so many singles in her
pantsuits ridiculous
now I actually used to do drag makeup
when I was in college and I didn't like
I was doing Tasha South's makeup one day
she was saying that she makes $100,000 a
year doing drag and that was crazy to me
because it broke my heart because I
realize that's men of one like that's it
you guys have won like you can dress up
like women make a hundred thousand
dollars if I wanted to do that I have to
get totally naked even then I get like
77 cents every sweaty dollar people
that's g-string
hey I'm Mason and I'm a part of the
Laugh Factory production team I hope you
enjoyed this clip you did please give
this video a like subscribe above and
comment below and we'll be back at you
with more comedy soon because this is
the Laugh Factory
but the other people that I don't hang
out way I women with small titties
I can't even god they offended man you
wanted to be my friend and now you know
we can't hang out I'm not questioning
here like that watch this women with
small titties make some noise women with
big titties make some noise okay so
three of y'all didn't scream what the
[ __ ] wrong with y'all you just got
nipples like and then why actually more
women with big titties that should have
been screaming and I don't know if you
guys don't think that I can't see you I
can but I tell the people with little
titties why y'all didn't scream when
your titties are this big they sit on
your diet friends you ain't got much air
you got a certain amount of air pockets
you hold no everybody box in the [ __ ]
night that's why when I said women with
big titties make some noise they were
like we gotta stand our low register
okay one of those TVs they scream like
cheerleaders you hit
not us we like haha we over here I got
on a [ __ ] we don't have that kind of
energy I can't hate waiting for a lot of
different reasons I'm outside different
this is why we cannot be friends and I'm
sure that you're an amazing person man
like you look great okay but I can't
[ __ ] hang with you i'ma tell you why
women with small ticket if you get by
more than one block at a time
somebody up there saying yes Lord okay
somebody know what I'm talking about
three bras on a handgun okay $10 I can't
[ __ ] with y'all I brought my brother one
block 70 bucks and then don't come on a
[ __ ] hangry come on a box don't and
it's delivered by UPS on the body now
that it's a weight requirement they're
not delivering this [ __ ] no more
I wanted a broader other day this guy
was like your entertainment center is he
it's my [ __ ] bra and I hate it
because it was so different they treat
us different they treat us like women
with small titties y'all have air every
variation of bra you could ever think of
Razorback up t-shirt bra plunge bra
y'all got all can't rob that don't even
have like nothing right here like just
the wire and y'all city just sit out
like no cups with some [ __ ] right I'm
only mad about that Broncos I tried to
buy and you couldn't see none of the
wire when I look at it it's like what is
this supposed to be big a surprise like
mine we get one kind of bra that [ __ ]
called full-coverage [ __ ] we get and
they don't got my dance come all of the
pretty colors and designs and [ __ ] ice
come in three colors black white no baby
oatmeal whatever that ugly
mother's created back in the 40s those
raggedy [ __ ] we don't get any
designed either we get that one little
piece of lace right here that you put
your finger through I bought one grab
that almost fit yeah almost wheel
titties this big they have never fit
okay it's just almost [ __ ] thick it
was by Joe Boxer y'all know Joe Boxer
really has those cute bras and they got
the most smiley faces right like they
the bra was cute and had all the little
smiley faces on it I put it on I went in
a room for my husband and he was
disturbed and I didn't understand why he
just kept pointing at the bra and I went
looked in the mirror and when I put the
bra on all of the smiley faces turned
into the screen man so angry what about
my titties made this bra a killer
okay
I know I don't rush down when they were
small titties anybody that didn't hook
their bra in the front or a hook and
unhook it with one hand in the back I
punched you in the face that's enough
not you friend not you even though you
got a bang naked coverage women with big
titties we got six hooks on the back of
our [ __ ] bra look like a goddamn
corset down there ladies and when we put
our bras on this a whole goddamn
activity you got to put your left leg
back you gotta brace yourself and once
you hook it you gotta spin that [ __ ]
around like a frisbee look at all the
women with little titties like I have no
idea what she's talking about [ __ ] I
know I make me angry in here and let me
tell you women I don't know something
about women with small titties or their
shoulders where the bra strap just falls
off their shoulders all the moments
spaghetti strap falls off their
shoulders not us a bra straps out it's
[ __ ] wide and look like panty liners
okay and they never fall off our
shoulders we got a dip and a dark mark
right here
as a matter of fact are there any
anybody getting married within the next
year make some noise good anybody in
here that just recently got married with
them the last year make some noise okay
let me say something to y'all if you had
a lady in your bridal party with big
titties and you make that [ __ ] wear a
strapless gown I hope your marriage
fails because you are you're a dumb
[ __ ] [ __ ] right you're not you're
not gonna [ __ ] well they don't make a
good strapless bra to fit on big asses
you put it on for 10 minutes and the
[ __ ] falls down like an army like I
don't know now we're walking around come
on take a picture we gotta hold it up
like this
[Music]
I love romantic comedies I don't know
why I just do because they're [ __ ]
dumb as hell cuz I'm a pothead I just
watch it I'm like and what I end up
doing is I overanalyze all the [ __ ] that
happens in a movie cuz I got i also love
science fiction people like all science
fiction is terrible to this fake I'm
like every [ __ ] movies fake I can
prove it romantic comedies every time
that couple goes on a date they always
find parking right away I can just pull
of the spot like oh well you know I'm
like get the [ __ ] out of here what you
didn't circle to block one time just
pull that hottest spot downtown like
we're here nah man I hate dates end
because I couldn't find a parking spot
it's just 20 minutes like mm-hmm you
don't even look at your tinder profile
the [ __ ] am i doing right now I take you
back to the house other thing that
bothers me in those movies it's like
that same couple the very first time
they had sex
the guy's good at it right away night
one he's killing I like that get the
[ __ ] out of here that's not real this is
a woman he's not been able to stop
thinking about some some moment he saw
her told all his friends about her told
his mom mom I think I met the one she's
so special I can't wait for you to meet
I could see you spending the rest of my
life with it so the minute he gets her
alone he's able to put it in and she
makes that noise you make when you eat
pizza that's too hot like and then he
picks her up clears off a table it's
like laying it down lasting for at least
ten minutes get the [ __ ] out
Oh
so I put myself in that situation if
this is a woman I've not been able to
stop thinking about since the moment I
saw her I told all my friends about her
I told my mom about her mom I think I
met the one the minute I get her alone
and I put it in I'm coming immediately
it's just gonna be like oh that does not
feel like my hand holy [ __ ] like why is
this so warm what do you have in there
it's like a like a bell Bay heating pad
what the [ __ ] that's why you gotta lay
down ground rules and [ __ ] I gotta like
I'm gonna put it in don't move yet
it's been a while so if you move you're
gonna be [ __ ] 9 months pregnant so
relax tell me about your day don't make
eye contact and we'll get through these
next six jokes together like this that's
a real [ __ ] sex scene for you first
time I have a sex is like going to the
eye doctor you're just rying to figure
[ __ ] out like which one's better is it
number one or number two
get about the same and number three no
three okay you don't make for you
but when it bothers me the most is the
second is that couple will take a shower
together you always see it just two
bodies and a whole bunch of steam she
puts her hand in the glass door
slides it down it's all romantic and
[ __ ] yeah that [ __ ] works in movies
because they have Hollywood bathrooms
they don't have shitty one-bedroom
apartment in Chicago bathrooms where you
have to wait 10 minutes before the water
even gets hot and then when you do get
in the shower you got to stand in a
single-file and it is always in a pack
just shivering [ __ ] any kind of hot
water please God on my face something
just get mad dick shows up inside of you
just look like two lesbians taking a
shower
I can't have sex baby we can scissor I
don't know how this is gonna work
it's go and there's no door to put your
hand on just that dirty a shower curtain
like creeping up trying to touch you
like that
I need stronger magnets why the [ __ ] is
this oh it was happening to me I was
gonna shower water girl I'm just back
there shivering I'll piss talks my dick
looks like a doorstop I'm like this is
terrible I got so frustrated I peed on
her feet and I walked out of it I gotta
go
[Applause]
it's pretty good
how is everybody self-esteem that is
wildly intimidating oh my goodness I'll
be honest you guys my self-esteem is not
doing so hot I think it's because
recently someone told me that I seemed
like I would have allergies
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
people
pretty cute though right thank you so
much
[Applause]
I think I'm cute but I'm pretty firmly
in that category you know right
middle-of-the-road
doing fine and sometimes I do wish so
there were more extreme looking you know
like I wish that I were really hot
[Music]
either one I'd be happy with either you
know because right now I feel like I am
just attractive enough but I have to
take care of myself
[Applause]
shoes you know if I could choose to be
really hot or really ugly I would choose
to be ugly right because if you're a hot
person at some point the party's over
you know you're not gonna be hot forever
I'm so sorry last activity but if you're
ugly screw it from the get-go right
relax your whole life
I've been having a fear lately I think
that might be a bummer what do you guys
think all due respect you do not know me
I I started worrying there might be a
bummer because I realized I do this
thing when anyone asks me any question
before I answer the question I do this
how are you
I answer questions
I've been having this problem I can't
tell the difference between flirting and
good customer service they want to know
the whole story I told okay I was just
standing in an aisle
this guy came up to me out of nowhere
[Applause]
[Laughter]
somewhere you have to learn things like
figure out where the snacks are voyage
when you leave somewhere you you avoided
everyone you are done you can go home
and imagine the people who are still
there missing you asking where you will
win
you might even receive a did you leave
next we're gonna did you leave Texas
like jackets oh and I am NOT responding
to this until 2:00 p.m. tomorrow
you are going to wonder what happened I
love leaving so much that sometimes when
I'm not actually leaving a place but
someone gets confused and says goodbye
to me I will just go like you're right
great idea for all we can do that people
don't like about leaving and saying
goodbye right it could be like hard or
awkward to say goodbye but did you know
you don't have to just leave the party
to say goodbye before you leave you have
incredible self-esteem I'm gonna be here
any more what you might want to know
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I grew up in California myself anybody
here from California everyone else pay
attention the other ones who the weed
right there see after the show uh my mom
is a hippie you might relate to this my
mom is a hippie which sounds great but
kids need structure so she wasn't good
at it I mean one time she did bust my
brother for smoking hash because he was
doing it wrong and wasting it that's the
first time to talk with me about drugs
when I was younger she's like a worst
person in the world for that job you
like hey man listen I know you're gonna
try pot right look I'm just worried if
someone offers you weed on the street
man you got to be careful it could be
laced or dangerous you never a look at
that I just bring it home and I'll test
it for you kind of parenting is that
that's why I watch certain television
shows you know like I watched the
Springer Show every now and again
because I miss my family you know I
let's be honest if you have a bad day
watch that show for ten minutes you will
feel better about your situation in life
won't you never say the people they
fight over we all like the same thing
like Jesus could they even pass on look
at that void and freak it's got more
girlfriends and you got deep I don't
even do that [ __ ] that's amazing I love
how they go to bat for someone they
never met before though right cuz you
never see somebody care about a complete
stranger like they do on that show like
all askew me canta canta canta
okay that's right that's right cuz I'm
gonna tell you something over there girl
mm-hmm well take it on bare hand for how
long he won't do that to you oh hell no
ever got time for that then the guy
starts like was I talking to you my eyes
oh oh oh thanks oh you're gonna talk to
the fifth Google handy especially cuz I
got o g9o man look at the white girls
out the time
something else about me I did go to
school I'm a nurse alrighty
[Applause]
I feel like no matter what you do though
people always want to hook up which is
cool I grew up in the house over you can
tell where people work based on what
there was a lot of in the house like we
didn't consider it still and it was my
cooking the family uh my brother worked
at McDonald's we just had a refrigerator
full of apple pies they my sister worked
at FedEx Kinkos we had different color
athame paper just stack up to the fill
and a living room then when I became a
nurse I followed protocol I brought home
travel size everything lotion body wash
baby powder pretty much the whole like
walking through the hospital kit like I
turned it to the over of the family I
brought home patient belonging bags full
of goodies for everybody I'm mr. Johnson
you want to call me you'll need that
iPad both arrested
but it's crazy people always want to
hook up my mama called me I work today I
was like you think you could bring home
a couple cases of flu shots for your
sister baby shower
we just gonna set a table up you could
just do your thing
you want me to administer flu shots at
the baby shower well you could put them
in the gift bags if you don't want to
get a shot though my momma boyfriend's
before a stem cell transplant
it's sad that he needs one but what's
[ __ ] up is the fact that you think
that I could bring one home like so you
don't understand the severity of your
condition you owe nothing I could put in
this bag bucks he asked for
extraordinary thing so that's always
you've honest [ __ ] yeah one dude was
like hey you think you could bring the
brother the clear machine home the clear
machine
he was like yeah my you know the Reviver
clear
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I'm really good at fantasy football
that's it who here plays fantasy well I
wrote this for you
racially ambiguous man um are you
Filipino are you mixed are you Hispanic
I like that you're a white lady like now
don't [ __ ] us even more
it's like [ __ ] I'm part of the 47% what
you can't say what are you forget it no
I can't because then in like ten years
if I'm like lucky enough to like suck a
famous dudes Jack and get famous or like
remember when she asked that racially
ambiguous man what are you and then I'm
gonna die so whatever you are it's
beautiful I'm happier here please don't
leave uhm you play fantasy I was in
three leagues this year I went every
single one of them thank you
it gets a little less impressive the
first league was all comedian so it's
like okay I'm nailing on to the computer
you can't like write it in a notebook
and mail it to go tell the second leak
was all my guy friends from high school
so it was very intense really serious
they really wanted to win like I've seen
their wives on Facebook so when I won
they were so pissed do you know what
Megan fantasy football isn't even real
I'm like what that thing with fantasy in
the title like yeah I get it I don't
want Harry Potter like it's a [ __ ]
documentary yeah also I don't want it to
be real do you know how uncomfortable I
would be with owning 11 black men right
now
it's tough because it's like I know I'm
gonna do the joke and then I'm like
we're cool okay I said uncomfortable
yeah it's like Ezekiel Elliott you are
free to go at any time
the third leg was all women and all
female fantasy football league called
sacks in the city my team name was that
so Ravens these [ __ ] wanted me to
lose too they did everything in their
power to make sure I couldn't win right
before the draft all the girls got
together and they decided that we
weren't allowed to pick any players that
had ever committed any violence against
women it's like okay I guess I'll take
six punters and Air Bud
[Music]
[Music]
I am I'm in a spectacular mood for a
multitude of reasons
um number one because I'm not a cougar
ah because even though I'm over at 38 I
think it's
to call a woman a cougar because she's
with a younger dude if you're gonna call
me a name because I'm with a younger
dude call me what I am sore I uh
yeah I only leave the house to let the
swelling go down
I am god I wish these were jokes I am
because here's a deal when you're young
you're stupid no offense Ali but and
it's not cause you're blond it's just
because you're young because if you're
young in America and you read dumbass
magazines with Kardashians on the cover
those fat-ass Armenian have
ruined everything I don't care I don't
care it I hate them two million
dollar birthday party for their whole
wranglin mom that's she calls
herself a momager because she's a mom
manager like all moms or managers that's
the deal of being a mom you wrangle your
kids you make sure they're safe she's
not a momager she's a mom pimp she's a
mint that's what she is so in a hustler
hos little since they grew pubic
hair I hate that
what's that girl bad muses all right oh
my God look at you [ __ ] ladies oh
it's a party I love it
you leave leave the fellows at home sure
you're like wait kale bombs are dead
just like holding a severed dick in her
hands like [ __ ] I'm too much are you
ladies a married divorced
both Merritt married so one divorce to
the other you know I mean I love it here
riddle me this because you hear your
gals about town I've seen some [ __ ]
obviously men don't find their underwear
am i right
oh yeah you can't be the mayor of this
place lady here though bed I don't and
I'm sure there's some lovely men here
some progressive males that do by their
own underwear but the men in my life
stone they never [ __ ] do and like I
started noticing this because every year
for Christmas the only thing that my dad
gets from my mom it's like he's only
[ __ ] present is a jumbo pack of
jockey underwear
that's all he get and every year he's so
excited to get into just so what's that
it's is one president of a tree picks it
up shake cities like what could it be
rips it off learning the jockeys Thank
You Linda a disease like what were you
doing before those arrives it's like
finding bits of roadkill and wearing
them as a sheath like and at first I
said maybe she's like an old man thing
so I started asking my guy friends in
their 20s and 30s I'm like hey guys you
buy your own underwear and those what
book mom was bitching like right
asking a question and and the real
reason why I'm talking about this right
now
I'm noticing [ __ ] the husba idiot that
I married I'm like pointing it in the
back and you fine
lovely man he like I don't think anybody
has ever bought this man underwear like
not an ex-girlfriend not his mom not bad
nobody because every single pair of his
boxer briefs giant crotch hole right
here
what is this cute not not like a little
one like a better so let up but like a
big one like my dicks made of acid you
don't mean you just crust around our
apartment like they're doing the job
they're fine they're working I'm like I
can see his balls like they're not doing
their job the one job of men's underwear
so like strap that in right dick just
stuck to his leg like an old tuna not a
tuna tuna is kind of big like a perk
you're a tiger I know my fish a pike
maybe it's gross because at this point
they're not like just like a hobo Joe
crotchless panties you know what I mean
it's disgusting and I'm like women
without you you're probably wearing the
cutest underwear right now you never
didn't like a lip hanging out being like
love me you know what I mean
this wouldn't happen so it's like I
guess like it's my job to go buy um
underwear right now right and I always
used to feel so bad for guys when I see
them flying underwear for their ladies
you ever been to Victoria's Secret to
buy the speech a little full something
never done that it's so embarrassing I
so hard like I feel so bad for guys when
I see them in a Victoria's Secret cause
it's always the same the guy walks into
Victoria's Secret like a little cool and
as he turns to leave some hot chick who
works there name like char beam with
huge hit balls up she's like oh my god
you look lost can I help you let me help
you
and you look unutilized wing for my
girlfriend my god what's the occasion
he's like Oh their anniversary
she's like my god what size is she he's
like from who knows like medium like no
silly with her bra size needs like
ejaculation leave anyway sorry
[Music]
nice to work at the hospital I hate that
you can't even call in sick through the
hospital come on in and we'll check you
in
everybody think as you work that he's
supposed to be nice about everything
ladylike 400 pounds like me that's the
pressure offered at me one do head HIV
wanted me to give him CPR I was like
nine dollars an hour you might not make
it a day plan take some girl ooh yellow
boots I'll be like breathe some of the
juice kidding you I'd miss your day up
you cough like oh [ __ ] I got it I got it
I feel like working on the ambulance
that was fun busting people house they
don't have time to change nothing around
whatever was going down that's what we
see one dude I guess it was his
anniversary he tried to jump off the
dresser onto his lady and jump too far
and hit his head on the headboard we
come in he laying down between the bed
and the dresser butt-naked with a little
Superman cape tied on this man even try
to fly to some ass and it flew too far
hit his head ain't looking at me like do
CPR I see you better put them balls away
Oh God the dating is so horrible the
problem with the dating is the men yes
I'm just putting it out there the
problem is the men because men just you
guys just get too sexual
you're thinking about sex all the time
sex xxx half of you are looking at your
drinks right now being like Oh shaped
like my dick right sir right sir he's
looking at this beer bottle he's like
yeah only in he's black so it should be
like a two-liter bottle sex xxx all the
time
it happens all the time like men get too
sexual too quickly with me online the
other day I was on OkCupid I was eyeing
again and I am it starts out fine the
guy goes hi how are you oh my good how
are you
the next thing he writes are you a horny
girl what what this guy went from hi how
are you - are you a horny girl in two
sentences
that's a hard left turn like that's an
aggressive turn you know to mean like
there should have been a middle sentence
I feel like there needed to be a
transitional sentence maybe it should
have been hi how are you what are you
wearing are you a horny girl just
something right something in between
this happens all the time where men just
get too sexual too quickly so now I have
a technique I have a way of dealing with
it I will write them is your dick out
because mine is yeah they take off
running yeah I never hear from them
again it's good it's good
I don't get something with like birth
controls against my religion if you
can't slap religion I'm like really are
you are you serious
like seriously seriously I mean because
uh not getting pregnant is the only
thing I pray about I go to church on
Christmas and Easter and weeks I'm late
that's it or like it takes a pill you're
going to hell
well that sounds way better than
watching frozen mm hon I don't believe
in accidents I don't but it's my
favorite Christian argent I love it
anytime they're like hey say a virgin
you'll never get pregnant that is
inaccurate
isn't it Christian
like it's 100% us I said well then
someone's rounding up absence failed and
when it fails is called Christmas yeah
we exchange gifts on absolute failure
day not that new Jesus young himself
colleges knee probably just my
experience I just don't think Jesus is
that different from every guy I've ever
dated
great similar right to do drawn here
some wine
I hope you're cool with all my rule
like really Jesus I gotta go to your
place again this weekend there are just
so many pictures of your mom there
so they don't like that joke just
looking there like me he can't make fun
of Jesus he's coming back jesus promises
a second coming yeah
every guy does
I'm at that age my parents really want
me to get married they would love for me
to married like within the culture like
a Middle Eastern guy which I'm not
opposed to I love all different types of
men but the thing is I'm so Americanized
I can't see myself with a guy like fresh
off the boat you know from like Iran
which would never happen because they
can't get in the country right now oh
[Laughter]
but the point is we wouldn't even
understand each other's lingo you know
I'd be like hey babe I'm gonna go run
errands and he'd be like who the is
Ed in you gonna work you do you I do me
but you mean you do yourself you lesbian
are you gonna cook for me I'm like oh my
god that's so cute you think I cook no I
got you a green card okay you know I
love doing stand-up if you guys have a
dream follow your dreams I love doing
everything at you know do what you love
my parents though on the other hand do
not understand what they do at all I'm
like dad I'd love to go on stage and
perform and my dad's like is that like a
dude a pink like no doubt I go on stage
and I tell jokes
that's not funny here if I don't you
tell jokes as a lawyer
now you go to courts you tell joke you
make money I'm like that's not my dream
dad because I could make it your dream
my mom took it worse my mom's like what
is wrong with you are you lesbian it's
okay
be lesbian lawyer
[Music]
Oh
the other is the difference between like
white people and black people and
commercials and Alisa did a good job out
earlier but like the white people not be
so professional you know I'm saying like
prim and proper and stick to the script
and black people I mean with drop but we
got to be extra you know same leg right
so I want this commercial about a car
accident and I saw what a white guy
first and he was like I was just in my
car driving the speed limit and I don't
know where I got hit and it was like but
BAM you know then I saw the same
commercial but with a black woman in it
you know same script she was like oh
she's in my car driving the speed limit
know where I got hit and it was like
tell me that was my besty violation she
had to do even more than that the first
time around
she's my word like this she's probably
like wow she's in my car job is failing
out of nowhere back ahead and it was
like
the rectum is like ma'am just stick to
the seeing us in like McDonald's
commercial suit yeah but white people
yeah I'll be so happy what excited go
into restaurants like join us you know
I'm saying like go up you're just
excited but then black people we go in
we just let me see let me see
[Music]
let me get on let me get on
you know you
[Music]
and it's so hard like I said I haven't
I've been working on my weight love I've
been really like out here I've got
spider listening to this weight loss
hypnosis on YouTube and [ __ ] as good has
been working you let's do it every night
before you go to bed
I've been eating clean you know I've
been watching my portions I stopped
drinking during the day okay like [ __ ]
[ __ ] is working when I get this night
drinking again I'm gonna [ __ ] them up
right how can I stop drinking up to
eight but a couple more videos I'm SOR
if are the lose weight because I'm Daisy
and this Mike all guys want to do is
take you out to eat
it's like they take you to the comedy
show thank you have to eat take you to
the museum take you out to eat they will
take you to breakfast tap set you back
out to eat take me for a walk [ __ ] iron
I am full stop feeding me you gotta get
my plan being my down I can't even take
a plan b pill [ __ ] s it up and it's not
like do you can't eat healthy you can
help anywhere you go you can go to a
restaurant and get a salad you know get
some grilled chicken and [ __ ] then they
look at your plate it's all offended
think you got a nice fancy restaurant
think look at your bus other to see why
you eat what your child is wait for
you're so beautiful and I thought I was
ugly the [ __ ]
didn't say that sir I just want to shop
at forever 21 without buffing the
thieves out these dresses if I could do
that I can stop [ __ ] these dressing
rooms up that'll be great
cuz that's what's going on in my life
come on
I don't like shopping on the plus side
they charge you more it's like I'm
bigger not Richard okay there's not
afraid to say eight dollars these skinny
holes pay
I grew up anything with spandex ething
stretch I think all that [ __ ] the
dressing room and I have so much hope
I'll take that check out so much
positive energy and optimism because I
know that through Christ I could do all
things it's gonna fit me in this
dressing room and I take the clothes in
they're not [ __ ] those clothes up yes
I did a pop-up button bust open blazer
rip down the middle [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] my
hot smash all that [ __ ] just leave me
you just leave this [ __ ] I know you got
to take that [ __ ] I'll just leave it in
there yeah you got hanging up on there
regret rack [ __ ] just leave it keep
your dignity walk out at the end it but
the cell clock is gonna make you feel so
bad all right you come on up together
you've had 82 garments you come out
empty-handed she's like um so nothing
worked for you you're like no nothing
worked for me it was not gonna work for
nobody else cause this [ __ ] [ __ ] up
trash it this is garbage
[Applause]
[Music]
I get asked a lot of weird questions
lesbian like guys laughter what kind of
porn I watched so just as a normal
question you can ask you really oh if
you watch lesbian porn all you need is
two straight girls that are faking it
yeah no I watch gay porn that's right
oh it just fell real quiet in here
what's gay man to do not just on the
track of them or anything but because
I'm gonna summon it and every now and
then I like see a couple guys go [ __ ]
themselves
[Applause]
don't miss question I get asked well
who's the man in the relationship we
don't currently have one or lesbian we
do have a cat who's a boy but he's still
a [ __ ] he's like a technical man to
only wants to watch they wanna have a
cat here at summer trying to get laid
you know they're just right there
watching and here he always tries to
participate like my girl's heart will be
going down on me I'll look over he's
licking himself and we have a girl cat
and she just hides all the time whether
she's terrified we're going to eat her
hey guys I work here at the Laugh
Factory and you know I hand-picked that
at a clip you just saw it's one of my
favorites I chose it with care and love
so if you loved it to go ahead and hit
the like button and the subscribe button
because if you do so it would make me a
happy boy
I talked to my doctor I'll get an IUD as
well any ladies in here Dee up yeah lay
it down a little zone defense nice nice
I uh I'm gonna get the Paragard it's the
non-hormonal IUD it's a copper wire
wrapped around a device that creates a
toxic environment in your system
friendly gets in there right and my
whole thing is like that's it we just
needed a shove a [ __ ] penny up there
this whole time
yeah so I just like to imagine a little
Abraham Lincoln in my womb just taking
out the white Confederate soldiers as
they marched on right so excited to
switch to the IUD I've been on birth
control since I was 14 which is
aggressive uh-huh
when I think about that I feel very
lucky right I had access to it I had
parents that were very open about birth
control and reproductive rights they
just wanted us to make healthy choices
my mom is a kind of parent I was like
look if you're gonna drink I'd rather
you have an abortion
[Applause]
[Music]
I I really I like talking about this I
like talking about body stuff I worked
in sexual health education for seven
years I think okay I think we need to be
having more conversations about this
more like you know age-appropriate
comprehensive conversation so I always
love to ask did you guys have sex that
growing up yes okay a lot of you yes do
you remember anything you learned know
any like tidbits no nothing yeah yeah
it's not your fault we have a failed
system a a messed up system right I
think it's a problem that the only thing
I remember from sex ed is that my
reproductive system looks like the logo
for the Texas Longhorns right Ostara no
friend of mine who said that in her sex
ed they had to learn how to put condoms
on bananas which i think is our nation's
greatest downfall right there
we're just teaching youth to expect
bananas
[Music]
[Applause]
that's a generous fruit maybe we start
with a baby carrot
[Applause]
gentlemen if there's a lady next to you
clapping at that one sorry I think it's
weird we have weird uh ways that we talk
about sex we compare sex to baseball I
think that's kind of weird right first
base kissing second base touching stupid
whoever made up that analogy forgot that
in baseball there's a whole other team
that's like stop we don't want you to go
any further
right sex is not like baseball sex is
like bobsledding you get two or four
people breath get them together and some
tight quarters
you gotta work together you gotta finish
together and the Jamaicans always
surprise you
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I just got back from Italy I went
there on a solo vacation it was
beautiful we get my Eat Pray Love on
right that's what that called it right I
was going over that thanks God for apply
to me y'all know black people don't
travel it was amazing it was so great I
checked on my girlfriend's like [ __ ]
made it to Italy girlfriends text me
back like [ __ ] don't get taken like
taken away on a romantic date that's why
I came here you know I'm saying she's
taking game up you ain't got no passport
stamps you were hater but for real like
I loved it I loved it so much it was it
was it was really depressing I was in
front of Colosseum taking selfies like
somebody please love me what to the
Spanish Steps I was like Lord if you
could just have a man walk into my life
that would be amazing so depressing okay
god damn like you really get to know
yourself when you go on one of those
trips you really do I was silent the
whole time because everybody speaks
Italian and like I don't so I was quiet
for like five [ __ ] days that never
happened so fellas if you ever want your
woman to shut the [ __ ] up take her out
of the country where they don't speak
our language it's so hard not to talk to
you there you go it was good though I am
I realized though that my friends what I
don't get taken I'm like first of all
I'm a black woman we had the bottom of
the take a list okay like they would
take everybody but it's like I couldn't
imagine I'm trying to call my father for
rental money I'm like listen I have your
daughter I gotta be like listen I don't
know how you got my number and want you
keep calling me but she's our 18 a long
time ago
I get paid on the first of the fifteenth
I got a model work number if you want to
call her she might be able to help you
I'll be looking at my capture I guess we
go together now oh man I would be in
there like Oh setting of the [ __ ] to
read like all y'all free to go I'm the
only one you need change my facebook
status to took ok [ __ ] out you're
winning he would be so mad you have to
leave I've got a specific set of skills
mom I abstained okay I'm never leaving
he would hate me
[Music]
I am a teacher give it up for that yeah
and give it up for getting [ __ ] up
over the summers I really like every
teacher starts off really hopeful I
don't know if you guys know this if you
know teachers every teacher like in
September
it's like Tascha you can be anything you
want to be around June we're like [ __ ]
get the [ __ ] out of class you ain't
gonna be [ __ ] you ain't gonna be [ __ ] a
dentist and a lawyer [ __ ] it ain't
happen and get the [ __ ] out at the end
of the year all my students got those
[ __ ] fidget spinners and [ __ ] and I
was trying to teach them fractions one
day but I had 24 kids in my class and
they all had these [ __ ] fidget
spinners that are supposed to make them
pay attention right but they're all like
this like or whatever right and I'm
trying to teach them fractions and [ __ ]
and they wouldn't listen so I took eight
kids fidgets spinners and I threw them
in the garbage I was like now what
[ __ ] fraction of fidgets spinners are
in the trash
yeah okay you [ __ ] yeah you got that
lesson but um yeah I teach up in
Northbrook and if you're familiar with
Northbrook you know I'm the blackest
[ __ ] that whole school district has
ever seen right it's just me in the
janitor that's it right he's like what's
up Erica I'm like hey Larry or Darryl
don't [ __ ] your name is right and Larry
okay but and for all the black people in
here he's black woman we know what I'm
talking about I'm sorry I don't mean to
point y'all off eternally I'm talking
about a lot of black people work in
facilities where they're the only black
person right and like I work in
Northbrook and I I do not have children
I am not married I'm in my mid-30s I
don't have a lot in common with the
teachers I work with they're married
they have kids they're in their mid
100's right like we ain't got [ __ ] to
talk about
which is cool with me like I don't want
to talk to you I want to I want to be on
black Twitter I'm gonna eat my Popeyes
I'm gonna [ __ ] about your life I don't
give a [ __ ] about what you thought about
get out like I'm gonna
don't you [ __ ] do you but since I do
comedy they all think I'm like the
coolest [ __ ] in the [ __ ] school
right and so they never stop asking me
about my weekend and I don't want to
talk to them and that was like Erica
what'd you do this weekend what'd you do
this weekend I'm like nothing Betty I
didn't do [ __ ] right like I don't know
shows nothing what did you come on Erica
I'll tell you what I did I drove up to
Door County in Wisconsin and I went
apple picking Erica the apples were
delicious
like really Betty kill yourself [ __ ]
okay
I don't give a [ __ ] about Door County or
apples no I don't give a [ __ ] right
before summer breaks she just kept
[ __ ] with me right she kept being
like come on never tell us I'm on your
website this weekend what you do come on
you know what a date Betty you know what
I did this weekend I sucked a dick so
big it brought a tear to my eye that's
what I did it's like where are those I'm
like they're in the south side Betty
okay they're not northward you have to
go south of Cermak to find a dignity
79th to be exact
[Music]
I've never been good at working out one
time I went on a run through a
neighborhood a lady saw me looked into
my eyes and said don't give up because
she could see in my eyes they're giving
up was seconds away mere seconds I don't
I don't like the gym the only place I
feel safe at the gym I know about you
guys but I feel really safe at that
vagina opening machine you know that oh
good oh good baby all day on that vagina
opening machine can't get me up that
thing they try am they do tribe
management has had words apparently I am
making too much eye contact
yikes real he-said she-said situation
other than myself I do feel I feel hot
like I feel like I have a little ticket
you guys are like what's that hot little
chicken up there spin around
yeah that's or anything but I want to be
next level huh you know I want to like
ramp up you know like I want to be a
[ __ ]
Oh my name is on the list
you know I want to be a crow I want to
shake people's hands like this you ever
ever got was limp dick dead fish hands
like I'm the funny chubby girlie I got
to come in low like hey how the hell are
you house where I have to go that I met
a girl who shook my hand like that one
time she was so hot she was talking this
guy on the square at a house party and
she was talking this guy on this couch
and I was talking to another guy on this
other couch and she didn't know it but
we were in a competition and she was
doing so much better than me she's like
whoops Burke I'm cold my dialect raped
it's good of her she's like [ __ ] you and
then I looked at my guy and I was like
I'm so cold and he was like you are
sweating for a fiercely
you are sweating so much so we kind of
barrel ahead and then this guy starts
tickling this girl right starts tickling
her and she's like I do not have a cute
response to tickling I do not have a fun
coquettish response to tickling but this
guy took this as his cue to start
tickling me now I can't really explain
the noise that came out of my mouth I
don't know what demonic Incubus crawled
from the depths of my belly but those
guys starts tickling mean I literally
let's go no y'all [ __ ] dog slay my
nice moves like a horse and I went on
alone I was always so bad what guys I
did start getting attention till I moved
to Chicago and then it started coming in
space yeah like there's this bag boy a
jewel he wants me real bad like he'll be
flirting me so much I'm like you are
later on a little thick like here's what
he said he was like you are flying
through these rotisserie chickens lately
aren't you you are taking no prisoners
with these bad boys I was like their
carcasses littering my yard
rotisserie speaking as a personal use
[Music]
nice and for Tiffany Haddish give a nice
hand
Tiffany Haddish I wanna be somebody when
I grow up I always wanna be I wanna be I
wanna be a huge star not physically but
I want to be big I want to be like the
next Halle Berry / Jim Carrey with that
Oprah Winfrey money you know mother rich
but I've been watching all these
celebrities I'm like what can I do to
get to the next level so when my TV show
dropped I know exactly what I'm gonna do
I know exactly what I'm gonna do to get
it to the next level
cuz I've been seeing all these actresses
out here and they've been going on
around the world behind these I mean
adopting these black babies so I'm gonna
go ahead and I'm gonna bond adopt me
some white babies from Canada they're
gonna be beautiful they're gonna have
blue eyes and blond hair they're gonna
be beautiful little babies something me
so can we get 5 up I'm gonna start me a
hair meal so I had the body come on I'm
giving them hair vitamins as they grow
their hair for Mama grow their hair
know that I ain't gonna let them call me
mama they gonna call me master so they
know who paid good money for that that's
real talk brother so Tiffany Tiffany
Haddish
don't ever use the n-word like that
Nealon who's the biggest celebrity that
you would like to meet that I would like
to meet yeah that's a laugh you don't
want to meet somebody dead because
that's so yeah somebody live right now
somebody alive that I can meet right now
and meet like what do you mean by meet
like this my sleeper sleeper sleeper yes
Ouma Thurmond I will
I know you very well and I just met you
I know that you are very shy and and
this is just a side of you that's like
and whenever I get a microphone in my
anything anything anything you are you
are in this business for the right
reasons you are your you know exactly
what mega Empire you're in it to win it
to Empire
Oprah pyre Oprah
how did Oprah become so successful is
she a role model for you because you are
following in her footsteps
because you are what you look at how you
connect with all these white folks
series the one celebrity that I would
really really like for me and just like
get to pick their brain is Oprah well
not got a surprise for you but surprise
for you Stefan come on down buddy
no yeah cuz you want to know you want to
know how that happened I don't think she
knows how it happened she knows how I
don't think so yeah it all happened is
some blow warning in three white men
let's go on on that one let's get
Tiffany Haddish a nice hat
[Applause]
I'm a single mom and I'm rageful right
you know I'm bad I'm mad I have a 17
year old daughter and I don't like that
[ __ ] can I say that I love her but I
don't like her I mean I can't say that
at home it's considered child abuse
right I don't like her at that she
drives me crazy she's sore hormonal she
runs tried and never wins races can I
say that here are you guys too sensitive
you know she comes home with
participation ribbons I'm like really
you came home with the white ribbon they
gave you this for showing up [ __ ] I
want the blue ribbon I had the kids with
the stitches in their heads got this why
she came to me and she said my friend
Molly said her parents said it doesn't
matter if you win or lose all that
matters is if you try your best I said
did you say parents with an S on the end
are you showing off [ __ ] damn Molly and
her parents with the S on the end you
better run like the wind we're all drop
drop you off at the track and make you
run home to get a little perspective she
came home the other day and told me she
had a bully and I'm like this is not a
racial this is generational like bully
bully you have a bully what you have is
that's called rites of passage right you
can always have a bully one day those
bullies will be called taxes that's life
right what you have in she's 17 years
old
that's what you have is a year to do
something about it before it's a felony
that's what you have
you
you girls are cute you guys single yeah
here's go to clubs no that's not a thing
anymore is that that cool no I wasn't
who I used to go to club so I thought I
was cool doubt clothes make you feel
cool are you guys gonna close
[ __ ] yeah you do white girls are like
they're fun they make you feel so cool
like when you walk in they don't like it
like a smoke machine going out like the
lights on you they got your song playing
she loved it I was I was so cool and so
like the lights turned out when he was a
chick just Street pissing in the corner
[Laughter]
I hate when I asked my my husband to
help me around the house because he
always comes in what do you want me to
do which is it like the meanest thing to
say but like we've been living together
for four years right like what's your
name Michael I'll leave you the accent
Jesus Christ
Michael if you went to work after four
years of working at the same place and
you walked in and you said and what do
you want me to do
you're fired Michael
my accent the other day we had my
husband had this like event that we were
supposed to go to and I was like okay
what do I wear like I like as a woman
you know you like what do I is it
outside is that like we have questions
that they don't know how to answer he
told me he's like I'm they just be be
sexy casual what does that mean
just sweatpants with my tits out what
are we doing you made that
[Music]
maybe you guys like this I do
I do love my man very much but I also
think that he could love me more and
that's because I watch him watch the
Dodgers and I'm like what is that that's
what I want
cuz you mad are so loyal and committed
to your teams like I think all of women
a woman wanted like a man to just love
them the way they love their favorite
sports team are there any guys in here
like big sports fans pop it up your big
[Applause]
who do you like who's your team yeah you
have their jerseys and [ __ ] I want to
wear my last name artist I just came in
like I haven't feel the snows but
because you haven't seen a bunch of
dudes tailgating and they get like
pumped and height to see their team I
want my man to do that outside of my
apartment
oh I can't wait to get inserted Jessica
when I crush a can on it and she's
skinny cuz I gave the Lakers if the
Lakers don't do all do you just switch
to another team so all I'm saying you
guys and they will
I just want my I gotta be like yeah
Jessica she's not doing so well this
season
[Applause]
[Music]
I know you smoke we look at your eyes
you look high as [ __ ] are you high or
you just turning red because you're
looking at me I like that I know your
heart beating fast what I love about
white men I know when you feeling
something I start beating off banjo skin
turn around I'm like oh he liked me or
he's scared he's the way I made it heart
beat forgot the keys for the Jeep
me and Hank fine your car cuz I slowly
so look watch all that mm-hmm
you ever been with a colored girl before
yeah how much did you pay
I'm just series everybody my name is
Marcela and I'm with the last factory
production crew if you liked that clip
you just saw please like it and also
subscribe to our page if you're social
and you want leave a comment do that
don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
hi my name is Mary Lynn Rajskub I always
get nervous when I'm introduced is being
on 24 because I have to tell you guys
I'm not really a computer genius I know
there was a lot of like [ __ ] going down
and me on the computer
keeping the terrorists away but I wasn't
really ever just mantling a nuclear bomb
sorry and I wasn't ever really hacking
into governmental files I was just
typing affirmations so I'd be like I'm
working on it as fast as I can
you look really pretty today Mary like
keep up the good job acting and don't
take Kieffer's intensity personally he
really does like you
he really does you know the other
characters would come around to like
look at my screen hoping to see the
hacked in government files and they
would just see you're a divine child of
God love and lights around you always I
love you so much
God don't make no dirt ain't chosen you
to cars forever
I did I moved recently from Illinois all
the way out here to California and I
think that you would be hard-pressed to
find anybody who's done something that
brave but I did I'm here when I lived in
Chicago used to ride my bike everywhere
and so when I moved her to LA I thought
hey I can ride my bike here until I
realized that you guys hate that one
Mexican gentleman loved it I was riding
my bike he pulled up next to me in his
van it was like hey do you want to ride
and I was like I'm alright so I put my
bike in his van
I was very late he's know where I was
going should've just kept riding I would
even ride through the winters in Chicago
and this would be very freezing and I
have to bundle up real tight one day I
was bundled I pulled up to a stop sign
and some old man must have been waiting
for the bus cuz he leaned over to me and
he goes excuse me sir it's a bus coming
I'm a girl
and then I rode away so the rest of that
winter I was just wearing my bra on the
outside of my coat and making sure that
my dick was tucked up in my pants it's
just a safety thing could get caught in
my chain so when it's warmer out I can
wear less clothing my sex is more
apparent illigal I was like ghost dad I
was biking around pulled right on up to
a stop sign that's for transportation
works and it was another Mexican
gentleman I don't know what it is that
they like about me but hold up and he
took one step closer to me on my bike in
the curb he goes
[Music]
thank you really more of a song that we
created it's hard to write away from
somebody when you collaborate like that
these girls came up to me at the end of
school because like I'm the cool person
I'm the cool teacher and they come up to
me and they're like Miss Erica we had
sex ed can we ask you some questions and
I was like all right go ahead and they
were like we were learning about losing
our virginity and sex ed oh my god makes
sense right and this girl was like what
was it like for you and Holmes like
I like first time I was little I was a
little dog I wasn't trying to sex I was
in eighth grade
and yeah in September 6th it was Friday
September 6 1986 and I woke up and Tupac
had been shot when I finally had sex the
following year March 8th 1991 97 I woke
up and biggie was dead so I was like my
 kills rappers so I don't know what
the to tell y'all just don't
nobody if Drake is in LA I don't know
the to tell you right
but then this girl was like yeah we were
learning about our periods I'm like yeah
of course it's XA this one girls like
periods are so gross we ever be happy we
got a period it was like yeah
you'll be happy you got a period
is you crazy there is not a woman in
this room who is not prayed to
the Church of EPT for their
 period to start like God I kind
of made pregnant by this broke-ass
comedian Jesus Christ all his family's
so ugly yeah
put a pad in your underwear hoping to
Mason started it doesn't work to get the
abortion right and that ladies laughing
too hard okay
 hard someone's period started
tonight
[Music]
my parents are shocked i'm in a
relationship they they just thought you
know the worst for me um my parents are
so cute they've been together for 40
years
40 years
amazing right
40 years they um i i
they're so cute i just visited them and
my mom was just sitting on my dad's lap
just like oh my god my baby i love you i
love you so much so much love said
my dad's like i love you i love you more
i love
the minute they're apart my mom pulls me
aside she's like
he ruined my life
my dad pulls me aside if i had time
machine
i'd go back
be gay
[Applause]
like dad you wouldn't have mia
exactly
uh
i want to do an impression for you guys
i got to get out of here um this is an
impression of my dad
telling me he loves me
here we go
[Music]
how's your transmission
that's good that was a good one all
right
nothing makes my dad proud like i don't
even think proud is a word in our
language like at all um
i don't think products were or so i
thought until i heard my parents say how
proud they were of our dog
for taking a [ __ ] outside
and i was like dad what does that word
mean and he's like it means nothing
then i got into a fight with my mom how
did we say that word in front of her oh
my god how
how
i got so confused i went outside and
took a [ __ ]
this is what you want for me
[Music]
foreign
really melancia not a joke really I'm a
LESBIAN my girlfriend I we actually just
moved in together
yeah going together a while spend like
three and a half almost four days I
should really be home helping her unpack
but I'm here because I'm the dude an
apartment hunting is a nightmare but for
us it was hilarious just imagine these
two lesbians going up these landlords
and being like we actually really hate
carpet yeah we really prefer hardwood
the Home Depot joke go there a lot my
girlfriend is bisexual
and she wants to have a baby one day and
I don't know if you guys know this but
when two gay people have a baby they
call it a gay B I know it's adorable
she's like let's have a baby come on
let's have a baby and I'm like you're bi
I have best we're going to have a maybe
[Laughter]
a girlfriend we just got a strap-on cuz
you know a lesbian was finally time to
invite a dick into the relationship we
don't want a real one
so we went to the sex shop we're going
to strap all these real awkward like hey
we need a
lady or Panetta sounds like all we got
his back one I was like a [ __ ] huge
chili give an Asian one time I'm allowed
to have preferences so I go we got a
purple one but it's a return I feel like
you're trying to sell me to use strap-on
I don't know but they just found out I
was like wrap it up I'll take it because
I'm a Jew and look ladies it's Hollywood
don't judge me for getting a use strap
on ladies because guess what every dick
you've ever had has been used police
line goes in the dishwasher okay this is
Erin on a part of the last factory
production team we hope you enjoy this
clip if you did please like subscribe
comment to this video but please don't
be a dick
I'm just glad to be the [ __ ] off work
can I say that anybody else feel the
same way away from the the [ __ ] ass
children I work with can I say that they
they are horrible human beings can I get
that part out the way they are the words
people God ever made there every morning
I got a sick cuz they sing and talk to
me in the morning they'd be like Miss
Russia saying we eat tater tots
seven o'clock at a moment is that so
crazy as that
while y'all yelling at me so early this
is the [ __ ] this is awful
why did I come in here God please let a
joy fall out the sky so I can smoke it
before this [ __ ] started my prayers are
different teachers prayers are different
God please let it be a snow day God all
of the children in k5 get pinkeye God
please I don't wanna insane all of them
in different ways all of brilliant [ __ ]
at all all of them don't get me wrong I
love the children I work with but ooh
they just all day a horrible human being
the middle school kids are so shitty for
no reason they don't pay no bills no
taxes the next night I hate miss
licensee a [ __ ] alright yeah I'll be
like that's alright that's okay cuz
that's why I love dodgeball day Friday
I'll be in my office
bumping up the mold a straight kick
balls are better I'm hitting man dead in
the forehead
it's yeah
yeah so I do want to say that I hate
that we're losing all these amazing
musicians right we lost Aretha Franklin
recently Tom Petty Prince is gone who I
love Prince I look for inside the best
hair best ass out jeans amazing
I found out [ __ ] my prince I didn't know
till he was gone who knew Prince had
parents I thought God just do Prince
down and a purple egg that's what I
thought
still sad that Michael Jackson died it's
been ten years since he died and I
remember the day he died I remember I
was just hollering I was sick I read it
on the news I'm like Michael Jackson now
how is he gonna die he's not even real
then who calls me my mama chairs Michael
dad I don't want to bother you call me
back
so I was teaching the dance class at the
time and I said imma teach them a
routine I want them to be awesome but I
cried through the whole rehearsal I set
him up we got him in there come kill
y'all we gonna get hit five six seven
[Applause]
thank y'all so much I'll be black
[Applause]
[Music]
tell you a story of something that
happened to me recently I was I was
drinking with some friends and we
decided to go around and share what the
dirtiest thing sexually was that we've
ever done and it got to our really
boring crude friend and the group and
she was like and I want to tell you guys
because I think you'll judge me no I was
going to be nothing more than one she's
like well Alex and I have been using
food in the bedroom lately like okay
like whipped cream no cupcakes now this
is what I'm saying it from God is she
just eating cupcakes in the bed with her
boyfriend we're getting times on a fever
so dirty yeah so I finally was just like
[ __ ] what is it it can't be that bad
well instead of frosting he comes on the
cupcake and then I eat it
like oh and Italy church in you you
[ __ ]
what are your brother we build like
Elmer's glue I love that most girls in
that situation like tell me when you're
gonna count so that they don't have to
swallow and my friend is like
[Laughter]
[Music]
I got this [ __ ] boy haircut I'm
surprised that people love these comedy
step every time I get on stage I was
watching an old video of my stand-up and
I was like oh I didn't know I was
[ __ ] I mean no one told me I have a
nasally voice and I mumble a lot I'm
also like a very quiet guy and because
I'm quiet people think I'm like a really
chill guy like I'm not chill it's just
more in social situations when people
are talking I'm like alright you guys
talk amongst yourselves I'm gonna kick
back and let my thoughts just eat me a
lot they're talking and I'm just like
this people [ __ ] hate me cuz they're
douche bag
[Music]
[Music]
it's cold out
chilly him like it silly
you gotta be careful who you tell your
cold oh I met I made a mistake and I
told this guy I was cold but he was like
from Missouri
you know usually this Cobra nine
negative forty dude hey you want that's
like this outside dick falls off what oh
he's cool I feel cold
sorry
when I get out of a hot shower into a
war bathroom I feel cold maybe a nice
warm shower from the past it's real
person
it's guys talk to me right and he's
wearing he's wearing camo
all right and if you are camo I'm gonna
talk about anything you have to say the
same guy he was like he's like good la
[ __ ] sucks man all you guys do is
drink smoothies and go hiking
I went out with my friends
you drink smoothies and gossip 26 years
old and I like barely work and I live
like a oil rich divorcee we dad Campbell
is in LA
there isn't even trees from the blend in
camo is basically it's like it's like
cheetah print but for middle-aged white
guy
[Music]
not aggressive I'm stressed the [ __ ] out
okay plus I'm the type of woman that
don't like to be ignored I'm not
aggressive even though it comes off that
way even while diagnosed with bipolar
mania but I ain't got that [ __ ] though I
know I don't cuz my mama said I don't
claim between got it so I'm not claiming
it uh I'd like to be ignored that's the
biggest issue that I have like for
instance me and my husband was having an
argument right well okay he was cooking
and I was joking right that was the
argument does he do all the cooking too
if you want to try to figure out our
dynamic I'm like a daddy baby daddy and
he like a single black mother is crazy
so he cooked him right and the kids come
downstairs so I'm like [ __ ]
but we tried the seminal argument cuz we
don't curse in front of a kid you don't
know well curse at the kids but we do
not do not curse in front and that's
disrespectful so so the kids are coming
downstairs we submit the argument we
sitting down at the table but I'm petty
as hell I can't walk away from this
right and I'm trying to calm myself but
I can't so I'm like could you please
pass the rice
and I kids are teenager so I like mom
you know we can see you right so then he
decides you know what I'm going to be it
he gets up as if that means I'm just
gonna shut up as if that's the end of
the conversation
you wanna baby you going to bed you
think just cause you walk away I'm gonna
shut up is that what you think you think
just cuz you turn your back I'm gonna
stop talking that is not how
conversations work boo boo I can still
talk cuz I got a mouth that you don't
control now boy
oh you just don't walk up the stairs
guess what I got feet I'm coming
upstairs too
they don't matter where you go oh you
brushing your teeth at night when you
start doing that huh please tell me
what's the [ __ ] name tell me the bet
you know what don't even wear it be
happy with that [ __ ] you know what's
the [ __ ] name
you're not gonna keep walking away oh
you just don't lay down when I'm talking
to you you just go I'm standing right
here do you like it you better not go to
sleep I'm not playing with you I'm
trying to have oh you snoring okay get
your ass up yeah I said get up you
better get the [ __ ] up get up get the
[ __ ] get your ass get bang I'm not even
mad
[Applause]
top all I want to do is have a
conversation can you get the [ __ ] up and
have this conversation if we have the
conversation
can you believe you ignoring me have I
told you about my childhood get your ass
up I'm not playing with you we need to
have this conversation
right now you're not gonna see here oh
so you're just gonna get up in the
morning like I ain't been standing here
all night you just gonna get up and walk
past me like I ain't best at how you an
that suits a word you look like a
monopoly man and that's it
where you going Reading Railroad you
guys stop walking away from me I'm not
playing with you stop walking away no
one down the goddamn stands what if you
hurt yourself and breaking leg what I'm
gonna do about health insurance you
selfish stop walking away from me I'm
not playing huh you drinking that coffee
sip sip [ __ ] [ __ ] no I'm playing bay
it's nothing in the coffee I'm serious
would you take the coffee is nothing in
the coffee would you roll down the
window rolled down the window I'm not
playing with you you better roll down
this goddamn window pull off on me
[Applause]
that you saw me
[Applause]
[Music]
here come here real quick
give me this goddamn white what I want
you to help me you thought I'm gonna go
show up at your job
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you guys I'm very excited to live in LA
it was hard it has made a really hard
winter you guys the rain or rain how do
we get through I don't know how we got
through
do you guys remember the storm of the
century yeah nothing happened
ah [ __ ] believable how the city loses
their [ __ ]
etcetera is there an argument what's
happening is there a journal entry
reading what the [ __ ] is going on in the
left side oh good it's just that we're
in public and I'm feelings
all right great sometimes people think
it's eating anyway Sam took me of God
years to crack this joke the rain the
rain the rain and the wind the wind will
shut the city down just people dodging
Paul Barnabas
rain rain oh my god the other day we're
going at 3 inches I couldn't leave the
house I got a show
ina show I live in the east side and
they had a show in Burbank because
things are really taking off and just
taking the five North and the entire
ramp was shut down because there was a
path and there was a huge construction
sign that said expect delays expect
delays and I thought that should be the
motto of Los Angeles not City of Angels
that doesn't mean anything to any of us
but I was like Los Angeles expect delays
personally professionally and in transit
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I hate fat vegetarians
I don't feel like you could trust them I
have a [ __ ] you still fed but you only
eat vegetables thought that's some
sneaky [ __ ] what are you doing why would
you stop eating bacon just to look like
a [ __ ] to eat bacon you know I
can't have you in my life that's
ridiculous
that's what I'm doing 2019 eliminate
[ __ ] out my life for instance I
like people with dirty houses that make
you take off your shoes before you walk
in I go to step fans like and you take
off your shoes I like busy it looks like
you just got robbed but what the [ __ ]
like I don't want to I want to step on
evidence then a dog comes scooting his
ass across the carpet to stay in
anything don't do it I got heartworm you
gonna [ __ ] up your feet bro I hate what
I'm about to watch a panel and the
screen goes black and then I make eye
contact with myself in the reflection
are you getting ready to do some nasty
[ __ ] like oh just staring into your soul
like it's only one second but it lasts
forever just like me like really is 2:30
in the afternoon you sure you're gonna
fit Mikey I got three minutes before my
break is over let's go chop-chop I hate
people that work hard you know what
people are gonna work first thing the
morning start being productive right
away making phone calls and emails and
[ __ ] Mike dude relax we got eight hours
of this [ __ ] if you get done they give
you more calm down what you watch on TV
you don't tell me about work first thing
I do when I get to work is I check my
lottery tickets to make sure I should be
at work that day
it could be a millionaire and I'm [ __ ]
all the time from accounting [ __ ] ID
to buy this yacht
[Music]
Oh people keep asking me about my kids
they always ask me how they're doing and
every time somebody asked me about my
kids I give them the same three words
today I can say it about my amazing kids
every time every time someone goes hey
how your kids doing I just tell them the
same thing
[ __ ] them kids okay they in the car
right now I'm a [ __ ] to you
I'll tell you what I do give a [ __ ]
about that's pretty dope January next
year legal marijuana and I love it let
me be perfectly honest oh let me be very
clear with you guys I do not smoke weed
I support the rule I think it's dope
I don't smoke weed I've never smoked a
day in my life I used my voice my family
I personally smoking is bad for you so I
eat because the first ever happened on
accident I had a dinner party with about
15 of my homegirls we all grab dinner we
all brought desserts
everybody put their desserts out but
over here on a tray by itself
what's one crown by itself on the tray
away from all the other food now that
did you strike me as I because I'm a fat
[ __ ] you like brownies so it just made
me angry cuz I'm trying to figure out
which one of my friends was the broke
[ __ ] that couldn't afford 14 other
brownies thank you
I didn't give a [ __ ] I like browning so
I've devised a plan I'm going to
bathroom wash my hands come back I'm
gonna eat the entire brownie and then
I'm gonna act like I never saw the
[ __ ] so I go to the bathroom
apparently it took me too long to wash
my hands because when I came back
somebody had taken the one brownie and
broken it up and they're like 46 little
bite-size pieces
okay my plan has been foiled I don't
give a [ __ ] I'll eat the one little
piece and I find something else okay so
I ate the one little piece but before I
could move on I realized that it was
probably the most moist delicious
delectable piece of brownie that I had
ever had in my entire life and if you're
a fat [ __ ]
I like brownies I deal with any fat
[ __ ] what do you got there might I add
another piece you buddy
and that piece was small so I hate
another piece and another piece and
another piece now when I got to my fifth
piece of brownie my friend comes up to
me and she says [ __ ] what are you doing
I said I'm eating this amazing brownie
and you're lucky because I almost
smushed the whole thing back together
and ate it but I didn't want to be a
selfish [ __ ]
so I just had a couple pieces and now
she's irritated with me and she looks at
me and goes you know you know those
brownies have weed in them and just just
arrogant as I possibly could I looked at
her and said well if those brownies have
weed in them you need to get your
goddamn money back because I don't even
smoke weed and I don't feel a
[ __ ] thing
the people that are laughing out of
people that have been happy for okay
because y'all know exactly what the [ __ ]
happened after that make some noise into
a video game you know how your heart
start racing I heard my heart say to my
ears
I don't know how my heart started
talking to my ears but it did and out of
nowhere I heard my heart say my ears and
at that very moment I realized that I
was in the basement of my best friend's
house by myself singing karaoke Oh
and I was thinking songs that a little
black girl from the south side of
Chicago shouldn't even know I'm spitting
a basement sink up to the top of my
lungs like
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
but in that very moment before he gets
it don't stop believin I heard my heart
say to my ears round two right at that
moment I guess this is the stage of
paranoia that I don't know anything
about cuz I ran up the stairs out the
front door I got in my car and drove the
[ __ ] home 30 and a 65 all the way down
[Applause]
but I swear to God because I was high I
thought I was in the Fast and the
Furious
[Applause]
when I got home I pulled into my
driveway and I sat in my car and I cried
my eyes out for about 45 minutes idea
cuz I couldn't figure out how to get the
[ __ ] out of his car total [ __ ] door
handles tricycle was gonna write that
back do you wanna play a game
just roll the window down
I was so happy to be free from this book
and kill a car I stood there and I said
listen cuz I'm talking to myself at this
point and I said to myself self and
myself stateroom
I said I'm going in the house I'm going
to sleep and I am never going to do this
before I can say it give my heart say
wow three and I think [ __ ] I'm not
listening to you anymore so I walk to my
front door right now there's a keypad on
my front door but before I could put the
code in I got to go back to the garage
to look at the address to make sure I'm
at the right house for one one coupe so
I walk to the front door right now
there's a keypad on the front door but
before I put the code in I gotta go back
to the
so I walk to the front door right and
there's a keypad on the front door I'm
gonna did that five times but the last
time I did it my address said 141 I just
climbed back into the window of my car
and drove the [ __ ] away from my house I
said all of that to say if anybody in
this room habits have any edibles
tonight please meet me at the exit
[Applause]
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below like a boyband like one direction
[Music]
you're very pretty girls you like those
girls like go to Vegas you get all the
free [ __ ] you're like it doesn't who's
on a date tonight
anyone Oh what I heard one woman go I
used to do a lot of online dating I was
on a dating app called uber first of all
the man has a car which is half the
battle you know and he's picking you up
so chivalry is not dead
yeah it's getting there
but I don't trust men I don't cuz if
Beyonce's being cheated on then no woman
is safe all right this is four men in
the front row are clapping for some
reason I don't get it like they also
lemonade together they decide they're
like sipping lemonade [ __ ] dressed up
at all yellow just like eating lemons we
all know jay-z cheated on Beyonce right
yes yes the what same woman on the day
we're looking y'all like yes I know that
he did he cheated he's a monster
no no one got mad at jay-z when he
cheated they all got mad at the mistress
they got mad at this woman named Rachel
Roy but some of the Beyonce fans they
heard it wrong they started getting mad
at Rachel Ray the cook can you imagine
she's just in her kitchen she's cooking
up a frittata
oh the sudden she's getting all these
tweets like you're a horn like that I
add too much salt
I hate social media I hate Facebook
everyone's getting engaged on Facebook
it's the same photo every time a girl
gets engaged it's just
[Music]
[Applause]
every photo after that is a photo with
the ring it's like a crunch with the
girls
oh my god how do i rink in the pancake I
just my haircut I got bangs hashtag
blessed bless
anyone having a girls night there's one
girl by herself please I love my
girlfriends I do but you always want
like the prettiest girl in your group of
friends to just get like a little hurt
not like a lot but maybe she trips and
falls and you're like oh my god Becky
visit stuff my best friend she's six
feet tall she's blonde she's beautiful
she's like a gazelle in the forest next
to her I feel like a gerbil in the
forest I'm just like
men don't even hear me when I'm standing
next to her they just hear to put things
into perspective she's like team Taylor
Swift next to her I feel like team Danny
DeVito who here is married we were
talking about marriage anyone here
married my parents are here tonight
and they were like [ __ ] you Kayla we're
not responding
they already responded tolerance love
[ __ ] yeah we're getting nothing tonight
thanks guys
support yeah I love marriage I think
every single woman secretly we want to
be married like I picture a bunch of us
single women and we're all at a lake and
we're all just fishing and we're like
hey you catch one yet not yet how about
you six hours later it's like what the
heck we're even fishing this week and
then there's that one woman who's like
okay you forever then your husband's
gonna have to jerk off in the bathroom
and it's like
[Music]
thank you guys so much
[Applause]
[Music]
I live in LA right now you guys I am
gentrifying my neighborhood don't worry
about it
my neighbors do not like it head off
they look at me the way that I look at
other white people who they get to my
neighborhood just like can you
believe this house they another bunch of
hipsters get out you're raising the rent
gimme more up but not as cuz I be a wife
I used to live in New York and I live in
the kind of neighborhood were people
with jog with their dogs which is so
don't like me and my dog we've an
understanding we're never gonna go
jogging together to be very similar body
types kind of short stocky
barrel-chested eight nipples we're not
going out together but what I really
love is in these cool neighborhoods you
can find these dudes at this very
specific haircut where it's like on the
side and then it's shaved a little bit
like to me it looks like a Hitler Youth
haircut which is fine I feel like that's
the mullet of our time or it's like
party on the lipstick I got no cash
good luck
I did just have a very morbid
conversation recently based on a name
mix-up
a little while ago my childhood cat Kali
died and I texted my friend Jenna the
news of Callie's death but what I didn't
realize was that autocorrect changed the
name Kali into Kelly which is the name
of our best friend yeah since I didn't
realize the name of change this is the
text conversation we have true story hey
Jenna I've got some sad news Kelly's
dead what what happened she got hit by a
car
oh my god did you call an ambulance
I already buried her
you buried her we're in my backyard Wow
Kells I don't know if that was the right
thing to do well I was really upset and
I haven't even told you the worst part
yet she was pregnant
what how do you know this because her
nipples were huge at that point Jenna
called
finally okay kind of a long time to stay
in text with that information
Jenna and we figured it out but the best
part of all of that was showing the
conversation to Kelly the next day how
often you get to see your friends
reaction to your suppose at death that's
how you find out who your real friends
are
Kelly wasn't too happy she looked at
Jenna and was like wow Jenn a little
concerning to know that when you hear
I've been buried in a yard your only
reaction was just wow Kells I don't know
if that was the right thing to do
thanks for calling the cops [ __ ] Jesus
I'm really happy for Obama I'm happy
he's not dealing with this country
anymore I think it's good for him you
know we could get upset with him over
anything and it just was absurd at a
certain point I remember one of my
friends she was telling me that Obama
had a plan to forgive student loans and
what I should have said was now I'm not
sure he can do that given the certain
circumstances and I don't think it's
possible but what I said and said was
man you could just be saying it's
not happening he didn't deserve that you
know I think the first person was to say
 just be saying Harriet
Tubman hear me out so we took our
African American Studies courses right
this is not a black audience on order
did you guys see 13th all right here we
go
sectional talk about Harry tell me the
13th anyway um but yeah so Harriet
Tubman was the inventor if you will of
the Underground Railroad super-tight you
know but the Underground Railroad
sounds fun in theory fun it sounds cool
in theory but you know it's some crazy
 you got a bunch of people traveling
through this underground like wormhole
 trying to get through its branches
and and I'm pretty sure people were
just acting up acting crazy
Harriet it's a bug on me miss do
something right now shut up Harriet it's
hot sure we came from Africa you don't
know how get on come on let's go get in
the thing get in there let's do it
and what I think was there was one hatin
ass back at the plantation who thought
he came up with the Underground Railroad
first you know what I mean so he started
a rumor though that he had sex with
Harriet and then some other girl went to
the front of the railroad was like
Harriet
that Xuan cleaners was knocking boots
back at the plantation to which Harriet
had to respond with man just be
saying let's go get this freedom
what's up party people i'm comedian Ron
gee you think that videos hilarious feel
free to like share and comment on the
video below or you can see us live at
Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vegas
don't block your blessing yeah
strain to learn to cook people always
say how easy is to cook but it is not
any easier than not cooking oh just get
a really good virgin olive oil pile of
Milk Duds pile of nuts
bubi bubi no just slice up just a couple
of magic squeezie cheeze on finger can
of wine no just preheat the app hot
power bar from glove compare doodly-doo
doodly-doo doodly-doo ooh fresh from the
oven
I'm very concerned about celebrity chef
Paula Deen because her recipes are like
a suicide note y'all we're gonna be
making some sweet dreams a little balls
of butter
shouting Crisco fatback Krakens global
suet ma cherie mei mei lai each day i
wake to a fresh nightmare
Payne is histor rate I'm gonna roll in
some granulated sugar powdered sugar
candy candy cow
Gomez snakes Mentos hook is some so it
don't look for me I've made a plan and I
will follow through with it gonna
drizzle and some hot fudge heavy cream
whipping cream sour cream ice cream cake
better peanut butter oh hey Bon Appetit
goodbye
I thought this international story night
in Finland got pulled over you got a
speeding ticket for $150,000
does anyone see this because apparently
in Finland they take you to according to
your salary and this guy was the CEO of
Nokia makes you feel better about your
shitty cell phones though right
that guy's paying for it $150,000 that
just makes me want to go to Finland I
would get pulled over and I'd be like
you owe me $80 I can go faster keep it
coming I can't afford it to get of any
kind I really can't I don't make enough
money and I live in New York City it's
way too expensive to live there do you
ever knew the New Yorkers in the crowd
no one holy no one's represent me
it's so expensive to live there I can
only afford to live in the worst
neighborhood it's so shitty where I live
there was a police raid on a crack house
down the street for me a couple weeks
ago the police got the wrong address
they still got a crack house any door
you knock kind it's kind of dangerous I
was involved in three muggings since I
first moved up there I mean I made some
money when I was like hermeneutic will
I'm ahead she was gonna get dangerous
[Music]
I'm enjoying being single dog I'm dating
it's pretty cool boom because I'm from
New York my girls is like y'all get you
like a la do get you somebody totally
different than what you used to I was
like ooh I'm gonna give me somebody
loyal you know like a blood or a [ __ ]
that's its heart and you know I'm saying
so she was like he'll go down to Venice
Beach cause it's where all the dudes be
at oh cool we go down to Venice Beach
I'm a Hooper I like ballplayers that's
what it is
so I went down to Venice Beach I'll
never forget number seven William sexy
guys understanding him and his boys it
was all wearing red and [ __ ] and he was
just talking to his man he was like damn
I seen him I was like that's the one for
me you know so I'm like to my best New
York girl Mac Moe you know and I'm a
seven what's up sexy ass
bring your ass over here hey you say
nothing
someone had him again yeah what the [ __ ]
you see me trying to talk to you bring
the lasso Lee Haena so I'm about to go
in on him and I was walking towards him
and out of nowhere his home he grabbed
my arm
he was like eh stop playing with that
boy like that that ain't funny that's
not cool I was like what the [ __ ] is up
with him
he see me trying to talk to him he a
beggar I like that [ __ ] he said hey no
gang beggar he's dead
I was like oh [ __ ] Bradley there's over
and asked him are we [ __ ] or not so
we started dating cuz I'm not you know
in the beginning it was cool you know
you know exactly what I wanted I would
text them you know like eggplant
eggplant you know but after a while we
started having communication issues and
we had this huge ass argument and in
middle mile argument he looked at me he
was like I don't wanna eat your [ __ ] no
more he took his hearing aid off and he
do that [ __ ] I'm so petty though
cuz I went out there here and there you
know like you know the one I'll tell you
something that's my
[Applause]
[Music]
I probably my last appointment probably
should have talked to my doctor about
this I think I have a medical problem
with sweating I sweat more than I think
is what people should sweat I struggle
quite a bit
I don't I this summer months are the
worst for me I don't even call it summer
I just call it the season of chafing
that's all it is
for me I'll put on a pair of shorts in
the month of August and I've got about
ten minutes before my inner thighs start
to look like the acid half of to face
she's not to spend the rest of the day
walking around like the most
self-conscious sheriff I'll tell you
this it is difficult having thighs that
want to eat each other that is tough
they're like the middle section of a
Venn diagram just like always
overlapping right the first time I heard
the term fie gap my goddamn head
exploded it's like what my skinny friend
good yeah it's just like when your
thighs don't touch okay so when you
stand like this are you saying that your
jeans have a shelf life of longer than
six months that's about how long it
takes me to rub mine into denim chaps
I recently lost a great pair of
high-waisted jeans the worst kinda loose
to what I like to call the crescent
effect that's when you rub them together
so much that they split open right here
and your thigh skin pops out like the
dough and it just open can of classical
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm dating my boyfriend for a few years
it's been going it's going been going
very well I was thinking about the
beginning of our relationship though and
how difficult it was for me because of
how much I was just holding all of my
farts in I think he says we all know
being in a new relationship is painful
physically as you found this person that
it's fun to do everything with so you
like sweet you want to spend the day
getting pizza and ice cream and
meatballs gorgeous and then you want to
watch a movie do you have a cast-iron
blanket I could sit on there I just
I do love though at the beginning of a
relationship neither of you wants to
admit that you have bodily functions
okay for the first month of mine I was
just like [ __ ] no not my thing
but the masquerade has to end eventually
right the first time I farted in front
of my boyfriend I wasn't quite
emotionally ready to take that step and
my body betrayed me we were asleep and
we were spooning being a couple cutie
pies couple little cuddle bugs and then
I farted right on his naked dick I woke
us both up
and I was like don't say anyway but it
was so quiet in the room that I could
actually hear him smile
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
but look I'm I'm old I'm single no home
I'm tired of her being applied to single
people or lonely
y'all stop that [ __ ] I'm not lonely
I got four kids three dogs and a
vibrator widow AC cord hook the PUD
generator goddamn it I knock the power
out in my neighborhood again I you know
what I'm sick I was I was actually
thinking alive women my age though here
you don't look too bad
David younger man you gotta be in shape
young man what you do everything they
hear the rap artists talk about you
remember uh she's album that record man
Ludacris on and he said I want a lady in
the street and a freakin to be like I'm
a lady in the street and I'm sleeping
the baby I gotta go to work in the
morning all right gotta get in shape for
the ass I'm scared I got too many issues
look 24 year old ran up on me after show
one night you know what baby for real
doubt you need to get with a young bug
like me baby
look I tear their stuff look look oh
that's the problem
this stuff already told okay I got a bad
back out unanswered reason dried [ __ ] I
can't even get on top I got bad knees
you try to get on top you forget you got
bad knees get up there and getting
locked up on his ass trying to do some
porn [ __ ] I got up there trying to be
like 30 I'm trying to pretend I can do
it I'm a [ __ ] rolling I forgot I got
ico arthritis and [ __ ] kicked right in I
got a lock BAM oh sorry
oh look stop um did you hear something
pop no it wasn't that coochie [ __ ] uh
this rap
it's my knees okay look you got some ice
she hiding something in the house look
going in there she mama she got some icy
hot
[Applause]
thank you guys I've been drinking Jones
thank you for supporting pretty funny
women
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been going out lately and last
night I had sex with not one not two but
zero people now when I go out guys try
and guess madness city guys are like
what's up girl are you miss panic I'm
like no good guys like what's up girl
are you Italian I'm like no but when
guys are like Wisam girl are you Persian
I'm like no they're like yeah you are so
the last time this guy was like what's
up girl are you Persian I was like yes
he was like no you're not like okay good
talk
my own birthday a few weeks ago the suit
comes up to me and he's like I tell you
story about my dick but it's too long I
was like I tell you a story about my
[ __ ] but you wouldn't get it
[Applause]
thanks guys I feel better now
[Laughter]
being edgy online gives me anxiety I
swear I'm the only person who's still
smiling on Instagram right like why is
every girl's photo like happy spring--
and I know it's not trendy right now but
I have a personality
[Music]
thanks and I've good intentions and my
friends are like why are you wasting
everyone's time with that
[Music]
are you guys doing I'm excited to be
here
pretty excited any comment not in my car
and traffic these days right so bad cuz
everyone's on their phone I mean I
haven't you but I use FaceTime that's
much safer you can have whoever you're
talking to watch your blind flaws like
something needs to invent an app that
sends drivers a text message to let them
know that the like totally amazing today
though you guys I saw the girl taking a
selfie while she was driving like not
that it's not like well the car was
moving and normally a selfies that that
is great good for natural selection
[Music]
I have some my phone with me all the
time it's like a security blanket or a
panic like I just had a landline and
sold my apartment so that I can find my
cell phone every 15 minutes series like
my best friend that's the person I
talked to most you ever wonder why they
made it Siri and not Simon right like
why is it a girl and not a guy and this
is why I think if it was Simon you'd be
like hey my man what's the weather like
outside and he'd be like
[Laughter]
hey Simon died with my mother you know
he's Lyman did you get any directions to
the last factory yeah I know how to get
there you know just keep going straight
this looks familiar
[Music]
hey Simon do I look fat these pants
the weather outside is 97 degrees it's
too hot for pins is that like a passive
way of saying I do look like these pants
diving your brother
these pants like why don't you ask Alexa
Alexa are you Simon are you talking to
someone else
[Music]
so glad you guys are here not watching
this on Netflix or watching anything I'm
not quitting right now even though I
love Netflix I love Netflix because I
live alone a Netflix is on canal
checking on me because you know to see
how they put that message on the strings
like hey are you still there and I was
like yeah next to come here is
everything all right buddy I'm like
doing everything [ __ ] all right is we
going to do what's up the next episode
30 seconds check back in you a couple
hours only I am it's a copy I wish there
were more like proactive though like
after like our number six like hey man
why don't you get up do some jumping
jacks maybe some lunges get some blood
flowing still thing going hour nine it
gets real aggressive like look on the
[ __ ] put some pants on but your feet
face the world stop being a [ __ ] Luke
Cage and strange things will be here
when you get back like on your way
better than hulu hulu does not give a
[ __ ] about you at all
they will show every TV show every
season to a dead [ __ ] body as long as
your credit card is still valid
you
[Music]
I'm happy that I'm in a relationship
finally because I was single for a very
long time which was fine by the way
like I was single into my 30s and I was
 so happy but my friends were
like no weird meet a stranger get on the
Internet get in his car go to dinner I
was like okay that's how people die but
I guess I'm hungry sure you know violets
never like that person like we all have
that friend that's single that's like a
little too desperate you know like I
have that girlfriend that's like oh my
god I'm single what's wrong with me like
one of these days I'm just gonna tell
her you crazy
but when I got to New York people were
like go on a date go yes I was
like fine so I have this guy take me on
a date thinking we'd go to dinner we'd
get drinks they'd be very swanky this
 took me ice skating do you guys
know that that is not a great team like
it's hard to find a man sexy after
you've just watched him struggle to
stand up for like 30 minutes
like I don't want to a baby dear so
[Applause]
but I mean the flipside of that argument
is what if he could ice skate could you
imagine like he hits the ice and he's
like come on it's easy something like oh
you like boys I gotta go I'll see you
I'll see you later I should be the only
one with camel toe on this date do you
understand such a weird thing we put up
with his women camel toe high-waisted
shorts ladies come on it's so
uncomfortable how do you sit down I wore
high-waisted shorts last 4th of July
freedom it was not my pants were so far
inside of me I was wet I was like I'm
being fingered by Old Navy like it was
disaster it was terrible we're weird
 man we were body suits but my leg
with my shirt smells like my butt
are you wearing a bodysuit
you have to like an unstressed agape
it's a bazaar that's real is where
bazaar
you put up with a lot girls cameltoe do
what I do dress to the left both lips
one side
[Music]
like I was in Vegas and what are y'all
bake it like people that plan a vacation
to Vegas probably should even be allowed
to vote women who write love letters to
prisoners probably shouldn't be allowed
to vote like there are certain things
that you just need no I'm at the Vegas
and it's such a dumpster and I flew
there and like everyone on my flight was
so excited you can hear that high 5 so
you know that feeling I guess and
everyone's [ __ ] going nuts on the
plane land go out you see the people
waiting to leave at the gate different
ballgame not quite as excited as people
on the flight there's a girl just like
you're someone's mother you're a mother
you another guys like your balls kind of
touch to the 3 and then their whole
tagline Sin City what happens in phase
that's not true
Roy's tiger ate his face off we heard
about that [ __ ] that day it happened I
lived in Houston Texas and led the news
in Houston that particular day Lamar
Odom
that didn't stick
Oh at me I was going to my beloved news
source TMZ the holy bro and I was
reading this whole thing about Lamar
Odom and it was about his first public
appearance post nearly dying and it was
a Kanye West [ __ ] show whatever at
Madison Square Garden is fashion show
and there's even a little video you see
the whole Kardashian clan a walk in a
stupid clothes and and Kanye comes on
the back to escort Lamar Odom to his
seat sold-out crowd Madison Square
Garden the whole place rip-roaring
applause I mean the guy Gurley died [ __ ]
yeah that's crazy next appearance Laker
game courtside there is on the jumbotron
tears everyone's losing it I'm just an
[ __ ]
you deed in a whorehouse okay
he didn't like dive in front of a bullet
and save a mom and her infant child he
didn't come back his fourth tour duty in
Afghanistan you don't need the [ __ ]
whorehouse wait I'm glad he didn't die
but like I don't think he needs like a
postage stamp commemorating his like
efforts rolling hey
and I loved it the girl that found them
writer cherry not sure that's her
Christian name don't call me old rider
found him passed out and I was telling
this friend of mine at lunch I'm like
how [ __ ] up is that like thank God he
was married to Kardashian like who the
hell else would get that phone call and
going oh my god let me run to his
bedside am i Freddy's guy he goes aw
you're saying that because you're a
chick I'm like no no no listen if your
girlfriend told you she was going to
Vegas
oh you're my girlfriend you're gonna spy
played slot machines and then you get a
call eight days later like hey you with
Shelly yeah okay you know those Thunder
from Down Under guys alright so when
they get off work they work at a place
called the train depot not what you
think three days they run through this
bad boy she's been getting railed on for
like eight [ __ ] days and uh yeah
she's knocked out you'd be like good
[ __ ] put a pullover face I don't know
I'm divorced maybe that's what love is
I just don't get it
oh my gosh I don't feel well please
forgive me and my good Conner's writers
insurance has not kicked in quite yet
okay I'm gonna be honest I didn't print
the paperwork out and fill all that [ __ ]
out look like they raise these anyway
and now I'm like calling it and when I
say I have met a cow when I said I don't
give a [ __ ]
I've been sick since last week Wednesday
I called on oh don't [ __ ] it today I
called this morning the lady answered
the phone and said yeah the doctors out
of the office all winter
what is your summer 20/20 looking like
no [ __ ] what is your summer 20/20
looking like and my dumb ass I'm looking
in the calendar like well it doesn't
look like summer 20/20 you said I
started to say what it's looking like
I'm gonna have to keep this baby because
y'all wanna be irresponsible as adults
this is not God's will y'all are demonic
that's not it that's not the steps he
ordered for my life this is not kind of
mickey mouse operation is this so I had
to visit Planned Parenthood please yo yo
Kleenex before you just [ __ ] show up
because there's okay so Planned
Parenthood right the one in Santa Monica
all the Asians go that's the good one
that's the goal like listen look look at
your Yelp reviews don't [ __ ] like
don't be afraid to Yelp so I thought
they were all like that nothing no so
there is a Planned Parenthood on Vermont
and if any clinic ever needed to be
bound is this one not because not
because of what
I do but [ __ ] they talk to you so this
is how the lady at the Planned
Parenthood decided waiting at the
Planned Parenthood was reading my chart
back to me through bulletproof glass
read the review I'm not [ __ ] lying
this all she read my chart back to me
through bulletproof glass with several
different parties
can we talk about this in the back it's
just I don't think everybody in the
waiting room needs to know my business
but yes yes I am work yes on the charts
and what accurate results Oh what I got
going on that wasn't even the worst part
we get in the exam room this is how the
lady is talking to me in the exam room
okay so let me tell you what the smell
is I said you want to close the door
first gear it's wide open and so am I
and I don't think everybody in the
hallway needs to know what the smell is
but but seriously what is the smell
because I thought my brakes went out I
set the car three different pet boys
before I realize I don't think this has
anything to do with the car
[Music]
I have this voice this is my voice
that's what I've got to offer it is real
it is the real real voice somebody
actually asked me is that is that your
real voice I was like no I I got a voice
lift very expensive procedure but worth
it to annoy people for the rest of my
life so thank you for noticing I
appreciate it I started as an actress
they had I had an acting teacher who
told me if you don't fix your voice
you're never gonna have a career and so
far he's right he's been acting acting
did not take off I let's see but you
know what it's actually okay cuz my
dreams are getting a lot more attainable
as I get older that that's a natural
digression that happens which I I think
we should all make our dreams much
smaller to fit to fit reality you know I
had big dreams like when I was younger I
used to be like when I make it I'm gonna
have a beautiful house in Malibu I
pictured all glass windows you know I
had this real clear vision where I would
wake up every morning I go out I look at
this beautiful ocean view and now I'm
like when I make it I'm gonna get a
headboard my bed is a real firm wooden
headboard you know no I can't [ __ ] just
the real thing
I'll wake up in the morning I'll be like
I'm gonna groan up now I got a headboard
and then I'll go back to bed cuz I have
nowhere to be
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I'm actually a recovering alcoholic
so if you guys could just put your
drinks underneath your table for the
duration of my set that would help me
out a lot I quit drinking a year and a
half ago I knew that I had a problem
with alcohol I did not have a rock
bottom that was very dramatic I did not
get a DUI or anything like that what
happened is one night I got drunk and I
threw a table at my husband and I'm not
proud of this the next day he sat me
down and he was like Jeanie we need to
talk said you need to stop working out
he said that table was heavy so this
[ __ ] was oh that was an Ikea yeah people
have different rock bottom's you have
different ideas of when you have a
problem what I did is I went online and
I took an online test to see if I was an
alcoholic do you know that there's an
online test you can take from a factory
let me tell you something if you have to
take an online test to see if you're an
alcoholic well then you should probably
pour yourself a drink first
I got three questions into this online
test and then I was like I'm gonna shut
this laptop instead it was just tomorrow
if I'm gonna have to hungover first
question said have you ever gotten
defensive about your drinking and I
thought about it I was honest with
myself two years ago my kids came home
from their dad's house and my son said
mommy why do you have two bottles of
empty wine next to your bed and I said I
don't know why aren't you reading at
grade level little bit defensive
second question said have you ever
changed your drink of choice or brand of
drink because you have a problem in
particular stopping that drink and
here's the thing I love beer you don't
get a body like this from not loving
beer huh but I would do after a night of
drinking like when I knew I had a start
heading home I would switch from beer to
Jameson shots no not yeah come on that's
like a terrible idea sir that's like
breaking up with Chris Brown to date the
NFL that is for the MLB either one
really third question said have you ever
blacked out as a result of drinking now
here's the thing I've never blacked out
but I have sat on the toilet
and reached over my shoulder for the
seatbelts just
smells like an uber pool
[Music]
oh I feel good about myself I quit
smoking it's been 173 days yeah now I
need to quit at night I saw this
commercial if you want to quit smoking
zài ban can he'll zyban but all these
drugs have like 75 creepy side effects
in them and the announcer tries to wrap
them off quickly hoping you won't pay
attention never listen to the side
effect since I've been common side
effects may include nausea vomiting
weight gain tremors ringworm lockjaw
homicidal rages mental retardation
bestiality sudden coma death
don't take side bender for over six feet
tall if you own a black lab if you have
tennis elbow
don't take Simon if you're a Capricorn
don't use Ivan if you're pregnant
nursing or human
just seemed safer to smoke right then I
saw this public service announcement
where a woman had a hole in her neck
from smoking I don't know if you
remember this spot but she's like
sitting in a dark room it's kind of gray
she's like I couldn't quit this is what
happened to me
then she reaches over she takes a
cigarette and smokes it out of the hole
even though she still had a mouse I
don't know if you remember that
commercial you guys I was smoking a
cigarette the time I saw it for the
first time I was like oh my god too bad
for her just didn't even face me then
after a while the public service
announcement did start to work it
started to get to me
and I couldn't get this woman's face out
of my head I started to panic I set
myself down on my couch my heart was
racing I was sweating I thought to
myself holy [ __ ] man
when am I gonna book a commercial I'm so
competitive isn't it cause you wonder
how many women with holes in their necks
had to audition
to get that part you know on why her
wouldn't even cute you know I mean
probably knew the director probably blew
the director with the whole internet
even though she's still had a mouth yes
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below peace what is up happy holidays it
is it is my new year's resolution
actually to be less self-absorbed so I'm
going to talk about myself I live in
Hollywood just down the street and it's
it's street parking only
for my apartment which is a [ __ ] pain
in the ass like nothing makes me more
mad than when someone leaves like just
enough room not to park you know that's
like the [ __ ] of parking right like
you see a spot you pull up and you think
you're so close to home and then it's
just the tip and you got to pull out and
like motorcycles really [ __ ] pissed
me off because they're like they're like
the whiskey-dick of parking right like
they're just kind of limply hanging out
in this spot but they can't fill up so I
feel like given all that that makes a
ballet the threesome of parking just
like I'm done riding you finish I I do
like living in Hollywood but I'm
originally from Boston and I love going
yeah I love going home it's just in LA
there's so much pressure to be like
pretty skinny hilarious and when I go
home to Boston that pressure is totally
off and like I can relax and I can have
breakfast lunch and dinner in the same
day and I feel like I can be my true
self you know like someone who eats and
my family has actually been from the
been in the Northeast in America
actually since 1612 so like the original
immigrants which is crazy that's like
400 years ago and I feel like people in
LA aren't super familiar with the
concept of history and that like things
can be older than 80 and look it
so okay I'll put it in terms that you
guys might understand that is 58 dog
years and before that my family was from
England like we're just pilgrims you
know like I'm honestly not even sure
that my family descended from
Neanderthals like I'm kind of just
running with the theory that we
materialized from the first loaf of
white bread and I'm moving on with my
life I I've been out here for about ten
years a little over 10 years crazy
and people always ask me when I tell
them from Boston's like the first thing
why don't have a Boston accent I'm just
like well I'm classier than that
and then I still manage to be a dumb
white girl like 50% of the time 100%
when I'm drunk like I'll be at a taco
truck and the line is you know obviously
wrapped around the corner my friends are
all behind me and I get up to the front
it's my turn and it was like Oh me like
I haven't been standing in line for 35
minutes I was like what do I want okay I
will have mmm tacos
Oh what kind of carnitas oh it's
carnitas okay sorry carnitas oh it is
carnitas or carne asada steak or pork
which ones which I always forget
carnitas is pork okay I will have carne
asada actually wait which is the one
that people get when they go to taco
trucks
oh that's carnitas okay I will have
Kearny just wait but hold on one second
is actually that that's port I'll just
have chicken
with extra guac I actually I love
Mexican food it's probably my favorite
food that and Thai because they're super
spicy and I hate bland food because I
feel like it's my palate trying to like
make up for how white I am and like it's
actually a total turnoff when guys say
there are steak and potatoes kind of man
like I don't like that that's a red flag
for me because it means you're not
adventurous another something about me
is I read into things guys will text me
in the be like hey girl and I'm like oh
he said girl so that means he
acknowledges that I'm a female which
means he wants to have sex with me which
means he wants to marry me a few years
of dating in LA has proven that's not
the case but I still like to believe it
I'm just like super super jaded about it
like in online dating profiles guys love
to say this they love to say I love to
travel and I was like okay Luke 28 so
what you're saying is your hobby is
leaving people behind
is that right did I get that right okay
great
I was on bumble for a couple years I'm
off now I had to go on bumble because I
got kicked off tinder we're done talking
about me now bumblin all guys profiles
I'm sorry guys like they're just all the
same like there's always the guy that's
a that says he's an entrepreneur but
he's not it doesn't have like any
business affiliation and it's just like
a picture of him like super-close off
with gold shaded sunglasses and like a
bathroom selfie and I don't know I just
feel bad for them because I'm like you
spelled unemployed wrong
they're the worst the worst some guys
are honest so some guys are upfront
they'll write in their BIOS not looking
for a hookup and I appreciate that
I really do because I'm like thank you
thank you now I know that you're also
looking for a secret to keep from your
girlfriend and I may or may not be in
the classic so like absolute classic
like I would say like 93 percent of guys
do this and it's a hard fact they'll put
a picture of them with a baby or like a
toddler and then their bio inevitably
reads not my kid
and it's like right I get it it's your
niece I had a drunk uncle too and I feel
like they're just trying to seem like
sensitive or something so we'll go home
and have sex with them and then marry
them but I've noticed I'm on to you Luke
36 this is a side note but this is the
thing about kids that I just do not
understand these days like why do kids
have phones younger and younger these
days right this really I don't
understand it when I have a kid they're
not getting a phone until they're 12 or
something reasonable I feel like I'll
figure that out then but like what
honestly what does the seven year old
need a phone for for real like are they
calling an uber stroller like
all my friends are having kids they're
all settling down with the one you know
they're all getting married and living
with their boyfriends and I just don't
get that
I can't even commit to a serving size
you know I probably should have known I
was gonna have commitment issues when I
first presh was on a triplet like if you
like that that's a telltale sign right I
don't know I have to start thinking
about whether guys in my life are get
ready for marriage you know are they
gonna be a good dad are they gonna be
have a secure job you know are they're
gonna be one of those old men who works
out in jeans I want to be I want to know
that before you come in you know you
guys think about that especially these
four in the front row I feel like you
guys here all guilty of at least one of
those things they're looking at me like
I'm crazy but I know I'm not alright
thanks guys that's what I'm Gracie Lane
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Tiffany Haddish and I am so
excited to be on comics roastin Cummings
whoo we got to go we need I got to get
focused I don't know how people spend
all this money on his little pieces
we're like okay let's go to a certain
sound let's did a certain sound video
now this video was the very first time I
did this joke I mean I have four
negative comments for this video myself
but let's see what people had to say
somebody say I bust the net on her mole
uh [ __ ] oh you want I'm calling
the police you know busting them nut on
my mouth I will [ __ ] you I will put a
q-tip in your penis
can you rich the nut on my mother I
sweat it well swear to god this isn't
funny seriously it's not funny at all
the way they wrote this was like they
had a quiescent incident exception it
turned out to be a shoot okay women
aren't funny okay first off I hate
people that say that women aren't funny
I my personal comments for that person
is who's the first person to make you
laugh probably your mama and and it's
probably been with me all your life that
make you laugh and giggle when you sit
back and think about a good time that
you had I guarantee you with some women
involved so the fact that you're saying
women aren't funny is you saying your
mama ain't funny I'm glad that feminists
action committee at the Laugh Factory
has really stepped up their efforts keep
lowering that bar oh all I could say is
there is no affirmative action here at
the Laugh Factory you have to be [ __ ]
funny straight from my experience or you
have a family member of some sort that
is cool with the owner and the owner
owes them a favor and I don't even know
why they would say something like that
trying to sell sexing I'm trying to sell
sex I wouldn't be standing on a stage in
a comedy club
if I was trying to sell sex I'd be
standing on the corner saying hey wants
to buy some [ __ ] like I would be
literally selling some sex the stupidest
[ __ ] she's way too hard to be doing this
[ __ ] go marry a congressman or some [ __ ]
huh
hmm I have dated a few congressmen and
I'm gonna tell you right now none of
them are marriage worthy because they
already married
so that's stupid like you can't even get
a congressman there's not married unless
he's gay and he's still not gonna marry
you
because he got his husband like because
now they can get married like I'm not
about to give up on all my goals and
dreams and marry somebody because they
in office unless they're gonna be the
president I like a [ __ ] when it comes
to [ __ ] it I don't like them however
when he comes to comedy okay but what
you do after you [ __ ] it up you go to
your friends and you talk about [ __ ]
at house don't you and you laugh about
it don't you I don't like that Brenda
comedy how about that it's second up
ain't no [ __ ] out now this joke
it's not a joke this is a joke about the
female body and how it [ __ ] work it's
a joke about my first experience having
fixed equation
there's my no Hoshi I'm not on your
friends I [ __ ] every dude in my kuchi
kopi but everybody it done my coochie
queen for special people okay you know
please for everybody first off everybody
came even getting his cookies Oh Megan
probably white but still [ __ ] [ __ ]
Carmen who she was bombing hard Lisa
Jordan you might be right
I might have been bombing hard but guess
what I had the courage to get on stage
and I didn't that hard I didn't I really
didn't bomb that hard because I ended up
getting a lot of work off of this little
raggedy ANNs video so watch my movie
girls [ __ ] July 21st and watch our heart
I by blow your [ __ ] skull in
[ __ ]
let's see what else I'm sick me hatch
and this was comics roasting comments I
could sit up and talk to you about
politics and you would tell me that I'm
soupy I can sit up and talk to you about
world hunger and you would get bored and
be like look I'm hungry I'm going to go
to McDonald's at the end of the day it
doesn't matter what I talk about you
have to be interested in
I stopped checking my bank account
because I was like you know what if they
need me they know where to find me
you know I mean like if they want to
call me they can't oh my god and they do
holy [ __ ] holy [ __ ] like Wells Fargo
calls me like five times a day every day
and I have to keep locking their numbers
something I'm not I'm not interested
thank you but I
I wish guys were into me as Wells Fargo
is they give me so much attention I'm
like you can't stop that's okay I got a
call the other day from Brian and Wells
Fargo and he's like hey hey Gabi this is
Brian at Wells Fargo and he sounded cute
and I was like Brian hi what's up he was
like I just noticed that you haven't
made a payment on your credit card in
over a year I was like oh my god Brian
you notice
you [ __ ] notice cuz I got a haircut
and shaved my pubic hair the other day
and guess what my on and off boyfriend
didn't notice so thank you I broke up
with him and he didn't notice so thank
you Brian
I I don't wanna have kids just cause
like for like a lot of reasons but like
mostly honestly it's because kids get
horny and like that's so weird
yeah they got horny like I was a horny
kid I'm speaking from experience like I
started like [ __ ] things when I was
really not like I wasn't like having sex
but I was like masturbating when I was
like five you know like okay I would
like set my like little vagina on like
table tops and be like all right was it
I like this pressure all right like a
stuffed animal and I would just like
clench it in between my legs and I'd be
like oh my god
I don't know I know what I was doing but
I liked it and my grandma had um my
grandma had Jacuzzi jetsedder energy
koozie and I remember being so young
just being like what is it
my mom knew then she'd always be like
Gabi stop it not in your grandma's house
I was like mom you're such a [ __ ] cop
she'd be like I'm gonna send you to your
room I was like good that's where I want
to go
[Music]
so uh before I go I gotta go but uh
first of all thanks for having me guys
and I went on the story I'm actually
really glad I'm in a relationship now
because you know I had a little thing
happened to me that maybe very glad I
was in relationship I went to the girl
doctor right and I had to get the pap
smear with a smear on smear smear okay
it's closer oh so I went and a week
later I got a phone call from the doctor
which what does that mean lady's gonna
get a phone call
oh don't say you dance here ah she
doesn't know what that means she's never
had that okay so uh lady's right it
means bad news I don't know if you guys
know this but you never want a phone
call from the doctor it means
something's up right so this is the
message I get hello Rosemarie this is
dr. Reese could you please call me back
I have your lab results and I start
thinking about all the guys that have to
call we have to take on Facebook with
just this area all right I started
crying I was like I'm sorry God sorry
about that one night Victorville I was
lonely don't judge nobody's had a lonely
night miss Maria no okay so so I I leave
a message she calls back he goes hello
Rosemarie this is dr. Reece I don't
guess dr. what's the problem and he goes
I'm a little concerned you have high
cholesterol and I oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
high cholesterol I go could you lighten
up your voice a little bit on my
voicemail I'm like yo voice bill booked
chlamydia
right arm I could yell fast new messages
like call me back it's not gonna react
like right my second thought was how
much cholesterol is in my system if it's
kind of my freaking machine all right it
has to be next so now I gotta call the
guys that bill wouldn't be like look if
you slept with me you might want to get
your cholesterol checks apparently I
have a bit of a giant
so burn out this town Hollywood anywhere
I go in the world I'm a normal average
sized human being and Hollywood I'm a
big fat slob go out at night to clubs
girls are so thin they're walking in and
out of doors without opening
the hell was that she slid right through
get some cartilage you young girls with
all your dieting in lipo and lap bands
if your boyfriend our husband wants you
to be nothing but a spine with kneecaps
guess what
he doesn't want you
young hairless ancient boy whoa whoa
black men with black women who started
that new trend
I must be in LA what happened I said my
apartment all day in Hollywood I just
shake I just sit there and watch TV
Tom's got the dream job that's the dream
television is all made for men FX spike
sports it goes on and on and on women
what did they give us lifetime I knew
I'd find the homosexual area
I even lured you out in 3d lifetime oh
come on
oxygen like you women don't know how to
breathe
you need a whole network to show you
have an exhale lifetime this is how they
say it to lure you in Lifetime
television for women every time you turn
it on you're getting beaten raped and
stabbed
whose lifetime is it don't any women get
away once in a while your husband's in
the basement making weapons maybe it's
trying to get the hell out of that
relationship I don't think he likes you
[Music]
nice hand for maria bamford ladies and
gentlemen is anyone i hope people are on
the internet dating or here with
somebody they have met on eHarmony I am
but on that side I've been on ok stupid
and then I've also been on attach dog
glom and I had to be honest I used to
lie I used to act like I was more active
on those sites yeah try to make everyone
and like me yeah look guys I can I can
lace up a tutu and go to the steakhouse
or I can a strapless both on a boxcar
and ride the rails no I work hard a
plate hard arrest and I'm dead arrested
I'm dead I'll never be that guy
got your butt got your passport let's go
parasailing like biking in real Guam qui
but the truth is my current ad reads I
can wear the same outfit for five days
or I can crouch naked in the shower and
get real small asleep hard a dream Artur
you're on the brink of us schizophrenia
fate well Kevin schizophrenia is hearing
voices not doing voice there you go I'm
not even sure gotcha
character to educate people about
schizophrenia see the schizophrenic
squid see shut up mister my feet are on
fire it's a hilarious disease
are you dating now Maria oh but you work
on the road a lot don't yes it's hard to
keep a relationship going on the road
there's only you know but you know you
can I mean from what I've read about
guys they don't want to be that close
anyways so you know what I'm saying but
I have gone for two nights exciting when
I come back yeah I do that's good
you know like cuz I don't get asked out
that much except on the road where it's
sort of like people who are like oh yeah
on the Internet
and I just kind of came here he's hoping
that maybe I and those people are
obviously available but not necessarily
but not yeah but you know I I never even
think of a kiss like when you said - can
I get a kiss I'm thinking right away I
thought maybe we can go back and have
sex getting older I don't get as much I
think when I was younger maybe some
somebody I like when people say maybe
I'm getting older we definitely what's
the oldest guy you'd go out with ten
years old
No ten years ten years old okay younger
it that it just seems so it's a 10 a 10
book out of three like Sigler otherwise
you stop having things in common I would
think or they start saying things like
oh where else or else you're saving
things like no Morea bat for ladies and
gentlemen I
[Applause]
I'm recently single I have been sleeping
with my ex as one does between
relationships it's like a palate
cleanser of sort but also because I
missed his penis it's not a penis is
fault that it's attached she would giant
dick milega modern theologian recently
said band-aids don't fix bullet holes we
still fight constantly and this
commercial came on for like Sleep Number
beds or ambien or justifiable homicide
something where the guy was just snoring
like crazy and I said that sounds like
you and he just immediately said will
you fart in your sleep which I feel like
is the best insult ever because I have
no idea so now I have to buy a tape
recorder to figure out like it's [ __ ]
with me or in my sleep flatulence is the
real reason I'm single
to be continued on that one
but not all of my axes are [ __ ] well one
of them just recently offered to cheat
on his wife with me he's the giver the
exception was that we could only do oral
to each other like that's the moral
loophole I guess I started thinking
maybe his wife is it genius like I have
someone clean my house no because I
don't know how okay like I just rather
do other things know that I hate giving
[ __ ] like if there's some chick out
there that loves giving 20-minute load
jobs and like kind of makes me a bad
feminist to not let her do it right you
live your truth Perl
but like maybe that's the key to
relationships like all of the bits that
you don't want to do just like
outsourcing
[Music]
I love I love Netflix because I live
alone and Netflix is gone at the end
I'll check in on me you know after a
couple of hours they put that
measurement screen he's like hey are you
still there
it's like someone holding a mirror under
your nose and make sure you still
breathe in when you're asleep like I'm
like Netflix I'm here like everything
good join the show give you 30 seconds
on the next episode check out you three
more hours I'm like alright Netflix I'll
be here like I'm not even wearing pants
I'm not doing [ __ ] today let's get this
dollar big fan
way better than Hulu who doesn't give a
[ __ ] about you anybody here use hulu
hulu Dead or Alive as long as your
credit card is valid they'll just keep
showing you TV shows they don't give a
[ __ ] they don't check in and see how you
doing none of that [ __ ] like sir he has
been moved in 24 hours is the credit
card good yeah [ __ ] show him cheers
he'll watch that [ __ ] 38 seasons of it
followed up the Fraser spin-off who
gives a [ __ ] his money's good and his
date is going let's go
[Music]
anybody ever got so drunk you call in on
the wrong thing anybody ever did that
making a bail [ __ ] my stomachache I got
a headache
the girls like alex is Sunday a [ __ ]
I'll call you tomorrow dancer
I say work at a hospital you can't even
call in sick the dev is like what come
on in we are checking out awkward work I
used to teach school any school teachers
on them it's going to just show them I
used to teach special education one
little kids like imma build a bomb and
blow this school up so you couldn't even
make a valentine card since your ass
[ __ ] you gonna build a bomb in this
[ __ ] never down this again you got a
knack of food alright you gotta act a
fool every now and again and people love
that guy that will act a fool [ __ ]
I'm that dude today I don't give a [ __ ]
I don't give a [ __ ] like a Christmas and
[ __ ] work and [ __ ] like a little
potluck dinner and [ __ ] when they bring
out their food and it's nasty out of
jail back there but anybody eating this
master [ __ ] you hear somebody yelling
hey
we wait for the black people to say she
could even we crazy issue they wait for
us to say [ __ ]
they say [ __ ] us like we had a wreck
Saturday he's funny next two months what
to play people coming up here know every
[ __ ] Saturday again so glad you
spoke I've never been in store on
somebody cuddle I love my black person's
accident hey [ __ ] the line back
in
you
I decided I was going to stop drinking
like I got a drink less cuz I started
losing friends over some junk [ __ ] I
would do I got called my boy up I was
like a man how come he don't talk no
more it's like dude you wiped your ass
on my dog I was like damn I thought that
was a funny dream I was getting ready to
tell you about it he's like nah after
that you went upstairs and you a dick on
my baby's face [ __ ] that baby he's got
to learn if you fall asleep at a party
people are gonna [ __ ] with you those are
rules
wake him up get us some similar cuts
it's party time not in that time also
when you get drunk the last thing you
remember doing that's not the last thing
you did there's a three-hour scooby-doo
mystery you gotta solve all right I was
at the bar had a cup of shots I stepped
outside in the fresh air and now I'm
home with my pants off and a
cheeseburger on my chest
[ __ ] there's so many bruises on my leg
like what did i do last night
this why stick to smoking weed weed that
doesn't happen when I wake up after
smoking weed I look around Xboxes on my
balls are orange and my stomach is thick
okay video games a cheeto is jerked off
with the sleep that was in on my night
[Applause]
[Music]
I had a very awkward conversation the
other day in the car with my kids they
overhear adult conversations and they
don't understand that they're private
and I'm about to do drop-off and from
the back seat I hear from my
ten-year-old so I hear you and dad are
talking about having another kid how's
that going for you and I said well you
know we're trying but you know if it
doesn't happen we're very happy with you
and your brother and I - I said this but
he goes I don't think you're trying hard
enough it's a very sensitive subject for
a woman and I want it to be like I'm
drawing very hard I am having sex like a
pirate [ __ ] I have two apps on my phone
that tell me when to [ __ ] your dad back
off okay
mommy loves you have a good day at
school babe
and another thing that recently happened
with me with porn is I was going through
you know they like title all the clips
and I like deciding what you want you
know and um I'm like looking on I'm like
what am i doing for what am i before and
then it was like a teen gets pregnant
after rough sex I was like porn say one
we're like what the did somebody's mom
sneak in and like retitle some of these
clips like to maybe sway impressionable
young viewers you know away from I don't
know what rough sex are using a condom
because how am I supposed to get off
from teen gets pregnant after rough sex
I'll tell you how you just plow through
that's what I did I was like she's gonna
make a great mom she's gonna make a
great mom I just read that a woman in
Ireland died as a result of an allergic
reaction to the dog she was having sex
with people no your allergies
it's like I've heard tell of
hypoallergenic dogs right why didn't she
[ __ ] one of them no I know but I guess
the allergic heart wants with the
allergic carbon i I do freaked out about
age though that does bother me actually
that like the main reason that I moved
to Los Angeles is so I could be three
hours younger than my friends in New
York it weirdly I initially was going to
move to Texas but then I would only be
two hours good two hours younger though
and you guys in Texas I swim you're from
there have this law where you can only
legally own up to six vibrators No so I
was like two plus one plus six carry the
six that I also have beyond that equals
Hollywood
[Applause]
[Music]
Moody's pants this time ladies you ever
want some jeans so tight when you take
them off it still look like you got
jeans on and you do be like take off
your pants you like I did take off my
pants he like a what's up with the
pockets in the back [ __ ] at his
ass stupid it's supposed to have ripples
and dancing and stuff that's what make
the sound effects dummy and men let them
sound effects don't let a look at that I
can't really do it with my mouth but my
ass does look great no I'm saying it
they let it ladies remember the first
time he was doing it doggy style and he
was liking it and do hitting in front of
back and you're just like oh my god he's
hitting me you like oh my god this is
amazing
I don't even have to look at him or
nothing this is so good oh my goodness
oh no don't look don't [ __ ] it don't
[ __ ] it up oh my god this is so good oh
oh and I don't know the first time for
me it was so good I started to raise up
like a Black Swan or some I raised up on
my tippy toes and [ __ ] like and in all
of a sudden
and I didn't know what to do I didn't
know whether a laugh scream cry get up
and [ __ ] run the first time I
happened to me I just buried my face in
a pillow like an ostrich and threw my
ass back real fast like he turned the
Nitro on that [ __ ] y'all know what I'm
talking about right
that Cleve why don't nobody tell you why
don't they tell you in health class that
this could happen nobody tells you this
when you younger that this is possible
to happen the first time that happens so
you just [ __ ] happens and it's like a
surprise they don't set you down the
health class and go ladies there'll be a
time when you're having sex and a man
will be penetrating your vagina
repeatedly and as he's doing that he'll
be pumping air in there and once you
relax there'll be a sound that comes out
there sounds a little something like
this
[Music]
don't become alarmed it's natural you're
just relaxing they don't tell you that
none of your friends tell you none of
your girlfriends let's having sex before
you tell you none of your friends like
girl I was doing it's a hectare
yesterday he had my [ __ ] be boxing
[ __ ] yeah I'm not sure like tell you
that just happens and men love it when
they hear that sound aw it's like magic
to them it's like oh yeah oh yeah that's
what daddy wanted here yeah but they
talk it's women that [ __ ] you
[Laughter]
so yeah I'm dating I'm getting out there
I get asked a lot of weird questions as
a lesbian like guys will ask me if I'm a
lesbian because I hate men I do not hate
men okay like [ __ ] I actually kind of
feel bad for you guys I think you had a
really rough year last year I just had
like centuries the [ __ ] that finally
caught up to you in 2017 I hope this
here goes better for you I do yeah I
don't hate men but there's a very small
group of men that make you all look bad
you know like the president and it's
like the young guys too you know they
don't know they're immature they don't
know the rules and stuff well not many
of you do anyway but I mean like I was
at this club the other night I was
eating this chocolate molten lava cake
thing and had like melted vanilla ice
cream in the bottom whipped cream on top
I was [ __ ] delicious
getting in there eating and like it's
young kid it may be like 22 years old
right he leans over and he goes my cream
tastes better I was like how do you know
how do you know your cream tastes like
that is uh that's the gayest [ __ ] I've
ever heard and I killed furniture
[Music]
big surprise I'm single this [ __ ] is
wack all this stuff love me love me love
me [ __ ] stop
you need a [ __ ] me I need a man I
need help i need help i need assistance
i think the way all of it helped with
everything i need help bringing the
water upstairs all of it I need help
okay for every bill I pay by myself a
piece of me dies it's so unnatural
I'm wasting I'm disappearing this [ __ ]
is not normal so I didn't realize until
me and my man broke up how affectionate
I was like I'm so physically physically
affectionate and I didn't realize that I
like this this is on ways to always be
liking this stupid [ __ ] but I love this
you know how when a dude hold you from
behind and walks like how Mexican
teenagers be at amusement parks like
[Applause]
I hold walk down the aisle and I can
marry like that like a dumbass [ __ ]
okay so before I go let me tell y'all
why me and my man broke up okay so one
night one night man my man was asleep
I was asleep over his house at deep
sleep no [ __ ]
the Lord woke me clean up out of my
sleep and say I check that man's phone
there's a message in there for you from
us and I'm like Lord you owe me a lonely
whatever the funds I go through this
man's personal property like I'm
fearfully and wonderfully made that's
not even in me wait but I want to be
disobedient amina's God here got a nice
day here gonna phone so he's sleep on
his back right so I had to reach over
him to get to the phone he's snoring I'm
cruising he stopped snoring I stopped
moving he snore I'm of he stopped by
stop we're doing this for like 40
minutes all of this is no man is here
I'm shaking his sheep I'm wondering if
he doing this [ __ ] on purpose wondering
if I'm letting God and all it is right
so finally I get my hand on the phone I
didn't realize this we was in a
pitch-black bedroom there's a phones on
a charger like this long so yes so so
I'm bringing the phones to me all kind
of [ __ ] get knocked over all kind of
[ __ ] you know what I've got our lamp
with no lampshade a jar full of pennies
an empty bottle acts all kind of [ __ ]
nightstand noises matter
it was like that [ __ ] was screaming it
was falling to the ground but I didn't
let go of that phone because this was
bigger than me this could have saved us
you know I needed the message
so um still be the next da Vinci Code I
don't [ __ ] know so he looked at me I
looked at him I said what was that
and I turned over and I ran to that
phone and I said I found a message from
him to his ex saying that I am like a
sister to him and the first thing I
thought to myself was thank God I'm
[ __ ] two other [ __ ] myself cuz
that's gonna have the power to destroy
me thank you my name is Cyril
[Applause]
[Music]
so this is kind of funny I just got high
for the very first time in my life I
know can you believe I'm 27 I never
smoked meth before yellow
there's no pause before the whole my
allergies I've learned smoke I'm
allergic to mint so I thought maybe I
went the same family uh ha ha also you
don't want to be the kid in a party like
smoke to join then your throat closes
and the ambulance comes
I guess the [ __ ] bummer no one likes
that person so you ain't never done and
I kind of look you know what I just I
feel like I should know what this is
like
so my boyfriend brought me home with me
50 milligrams weed lollipop candy and I
are both idiots realize how strong that
was if you lean ever been high before
you start with a 50 milligram and never
haven't had alcohol and starting with a
bucket is moot they're doing is brighter
than on the German Autobahn
a lot to start with so I had half a
lollipop obispo and this is what I feel
like oh and then I had momentum and she
got dark real I became terrified of how
quickly the Sun would study try to calm
myself down by eating food sushi but
then I just felt like I could taste the
fish's childhood and then I slept for 17
hours a recreational coma
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I do I work at a restaurant and and it's
fine that sometimes people say really
stupid things to my face and I was at
work the other day and this guy said hey
it you're pretty you should be a model
not a waitress yeah it was a choice
between the two
like I made a mistake I don't get fan up
about it actually in the past couple
years I realized like family is the most
important thing to me because a couple
years ago my dad passed away but don't
get sad my dad he was 89 so he was
really starting to get gross my brother
called me and told me my dad was in the
hospital I wasn't even shocked it was
just like oh my god this is so unfair
that he fought it for Trump and now he
doesn't even have to live as my dad and
I as we both got older he became very
obsessed with me finding a boyfriend so
everywhere he went he would try to match
me up with people like one time we went
to a gas station and I comes gas and I
got back in the car and my dad goes gene
there was a man there who was looking at
you I was like no there wasn't
yes there was you just don't notice
because you're her nose in the air
I was like oh I'm sorry dad that I've
walked into a gas station without
looking to get laid
next I'm gonna go and I'll be sure to
make an announcement say hey everybody
I'm just here to fill up but everyone
would like to fill me up
[Music]
there's like well that would be a start
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't like to workout you guys it
doesn't work out for me but I'm trying
to stay in shape and it's so hard one
night I was watching infomercials they
were selling their waist trainers for
women and I bought it I worried everyday
I'll show you you see right yeah they
said you can lose half an inch in one
week I don't know so far I lost eighty
bucks in one second no but seriously
it's pretty amazing if you want to
reorganize your organs it works so good
I mean I mean you guys see these these
are not my boobs these are my kidneys I
guess I used to work in sales during the
days for money now it would stand up at
night for attention I used to work in
the beauty industry and I didn't like
that job you guys I remember one day my
boss asked me to wear a different look
for a change so I showed up looking
happy one time we had a meeting and she
said oh golly you've been doing sales
for a long time if you stay working for
us what do you think you'll be doing
five years from now
I said crying full-time one day I was
late for work she asked me what happened
I told her you know my dogs pooped all
over the carpet I had to clean it she
said oh now look at me tell me the truth
I said you're ugly
[Laughter]
one time she took me out to lunch after
lunch she asked me would you like
dessert I said no thank you I'm full
then she said come on you don't have to
be polite so I said no thank you I'm for
stupid [ __ ] glad you laughing but I had
to look for a new job my mom always said
hey don't worry when God closes a door
he opens the window
so yeah that's when God wants you to
jump but meanwhile actually is a
comedian I make a living from writing I
do I write to my dad and he sends me
money to pay the bills I'm a good
daughter you guys I keep all the receipt
and I give him good review on Yelp
he's got five stars
[Music]
I can hate it man I don't know what I
did wrong
pick the wrong lifestyle man I gotta say
cuz woman we are [ __ ] crazy
each and every one of us a psycho is him
like I actually believe I think every
chick should date another chick before
they get married
calm down ladies is not to recruit you
just to hope you realize how [ __ ]
crazy you really are you date you and I
guarantee you have a perfect straight
marriage after that room and I say that
because my chick she try to catch me
cheating and I think she forget I'm a
female as I come in the house and she
looking at me like who panties at ease
I'm like mine [ __ ] why are you looking
through my drawers she only do stuff you
can only do in the straight relationship
like I remember going to bed one night
she's like baby I got cramps could you
go to the store and get me some
chocolate and ice cream started my cycle
it's like [ __ ] me too
you didn't know his relationship with us
on the same cycle and won't you go to
the store and get us some chocolate and
ice cream
bring back one Lifetime movie so we
can't dude some before
[Applause]
maybe we'll get your book I'm just gonna
open up I'm gonna read one sentence and
I'm gonna try to figure out what it's
about hey I'm just flipping this is like
the magician this is just pick a card
pick any card all right here we go and
now I'm gonna put my finger right there
nobody said a word to me about the state
I was in and thank God the magazine has
scheduled an interview on a different
day so I didn't need to be articulate
were you drinking
I had just done ecstasy at the Playboy
Mansion you did
[Applause]
and I went straight to a maxim photo
shoot the next day for a cover sheet
Melissa Joan Hart that's not the Melissa
Joan Hart I know I can't believe that
belong you much you did ecstasy here I
tried to ecstasy once but only as a
breath mint it's not good you should
have tried mescaline that's like any did
best go into what what that was an
accident yeah and now where's your kid
when you're doing all this when I
enrolled in college which is what most
girls begin to take an interest in
football if just to score a
broad-shouldered make out partner at
frat parties I went to NYU
we were only good at tennis and
basketball and if we had a football team
I didn't know about it I just wanted to
screw honey that's not what it says
she's right I made that up so you did
you feel bad ever taking your kids in
first class where there are babies and
crying a lot I don't fly first class I'm
too cheap I'm saving my money for my
kids college I gotta pay for three
colleges I fly first class all the time
you do for you I couldn't do it I
couldn't do but I did get I did get
stuck at the TCI one time traveling back
and forth on the weekends I got a dc-8
the television I'm supposed to do that
this weekend no that's a that's another
drug you took to ca but I know the TSA
busted me once at the airport I was I
was just had a little travel bag and it
was Valentine's Day and I was going home
to see my husband and I had something in
my bag that I was like I realized on the
way in and I was like this might get me
in some trouble or like I never knew you
were a drug addict I I was like I was
going I was going through the security
and I was like oh please don't bust me
of course they're like we need to look
in your bag and I was like huh I had
this silicon butterfly I've done that
before that'll wipe yeah hmm it's one of
those toys you want to bring home to
your husband for Valentine's Day ladies
and that's what I was doing
oh yeah they pulled out a box of cards
then they pulled out this little black
bag and I said oh is that what made it
go off and he starts to put it back in
the bag and goes no why what is it and I
just I had to own up to it I was just
like it's my vibrator and I walked away
with a little extra swagger that day
Melissa Joan Hart everybody give her a
nice hat
[Applause]
[Music]
I have been on set all day shooting a
commercial and I'm not bragging I am it
was like this farmers little [ __ ]
making Bank you know what but I'm just
excited to be in a actual production
where I'm seen as like you know a
respected human I am because my first
cast of role was cranky yeah that's
[ __ ] up right and in the thing is is I
what's an audition right I walk them to
the audition and as soon as I saw the
SATs I was like Kelly you don't even
know how to be a crackhead you know what
I'm saying like you ain't lifted
yourself up out the hood you a better
person than that you don't know how to
even execute this role and I walked in
audition doing my thang walked out the
audition I said uh [ __ ] you don't get
that crackhead role you killed - yeah
but I had like this moral like sickening
feeling in my stomach where I was like
no I can't do that I can't sell my
people out like that and be no crackhead
on my first TV role I'm not gonna do
that when they called me out turn that
[ __ ] down my agent call
one crackhead ain't that when you do
multiple crackheads you know I'm saying
that's when it's a problem so you know
that's not even the issue I had like
being a crackhead on TV for the first
time no big deal I got paid Hey okay but
I didn't have a problem with the
director not directing me once yeah he
came in and talked to what would be my
son on the show and was like hey I need
you to be a little bit more
compassionate towards your mother you
know you're a super aggressive right now
just tone it down okay that's a good
note then he came over here to the
arresting officer was like hey I need
you to be a little bit more aggressive
towards the mom let her know you're not
playing you're taking her son no matter
what I thought oh I like that note to
what you want me to do
he was like nothing you're perfect
let me hold that all this no I did I
enjoyed it I immediately called my mom
though afterwards and I was like mom oh
my god
thank you for all those years of
experience doing my childhood that's a
petty ass joke
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm so excited to be here this is my
first time at the Laugh Factory thank
you I got a lot of friends a lot of
family here unfortunately my mother
couldn't make it but I told her I was
performing here tonight and she said oh
I'm sure you will bring great shame to
our family yeah been going on my whole
life finally I said to her mom you got
to stop talking to me like that okay
first of all I'm a grown woman but more
importantly you are not Asian I'm
adopted you're white
[Laughter]
wit it so inappropriate so I was born in
Seoul South Korea and they think that my
mother was probably Korean and my father
was from the US on a tour of Korean
brothels which was actually a good thing
for me to know because when I was in
fourth grade this little girl named
Sandy tried to pick a fight with me by
saying hey your mother's a [ __ ] and I
said yeah probably people ask me all the
time why my parents decided to adopt and
the reason I always give is they wanted
to give a child a chance because I think
that sounds so much better than
undescended testicles
[Laughter]
people also asked me if I've ever met my
real parents and I have to explain to
them that the term real parents is
actually very hurtful to my imaginary
parents but the answer is no I've never
tried to look for my birth parents I
just don't have enough information but
you know even if I did I wouldn't look
for them because ever since I can
remember I've always been very lazy that
seems like a lot of work not into it but
no my parents are wonderful people they
are both white and there have been some
great advantages to growing up Asian
with white parents never had to take
piano or violin lessons growing up no
pressure to go to an Ivy League school
or become a doctor if you guys were
Asian this would be killing right now
the whole
[Music]
so yeah I'm gain this month that's
special and brave so thank you and a lot
of my straight friends when they find
out them gave it like oh like you just
um you don't look gay yeah and I got a
little worked up I'm like first of all
don't even know what the hell that means
and secondly thank you it's like I know
what it means male coworker I'm known
for like two years just found out that
I'm gay and you just look at me when
Casey Ewell is well I thought she was
just some hard copy is funny I was
hoping that story would get a laugh and
then it did and now Matt shot in the
dark any gay people here tonight cool
super save space I'm so relieved a lot
of shows I do there's like nobody in the
audience that's LGBT but you know like
the girls are drinking so it's like LGBT
we do know your lovely have a nice
evening a lot of my guy friends who ask
me like oh but you got an apartment for
like dildos and sex so it's my girl
videos right I'm saying any new guy
friends that's what I'm saying first of
all none of this is exactly weird
stereotype that y'all made up like just
cuz I'm a single lesbian doesn't mean I
have an apartment full of dildos and sex
toys the kitchen full of very versatile
appliances that you'd be wise not to
borrow
[Music]
but sex toys that I don't have a [ __ ]
adult I mean yeah sometimes I like to
wear a strap-on like yes occasionally I
like to wear a fake penis but not for
sex I wear it to my mechanic so he's
less condescending
yeah that's my dildo joke and I like to
think it puts a mirror up to society or
very welcome like guys you will never
understand what it's like to be a woman
at a mechanic they just talk down to you
immediately for like no reason like last
time I was out of mechanic he was like
Casey seem really smart but maybe next
time come with your boyfriend your
husband do your dad or a car you go in
there swinging a big purple dong around
thank you so much good night
[Music]
I used to do online dating anyone do
online dating yes one lone person is
like ah I used to do it on my dating
site called OkCupid you guys have know
about this [ __ ] okay for those of you
that don't know okay keep it is the
ghetto match com
do you know what makes it ghetto it's
free at least match.com charges you 30
bucks a month OkCupid is for the losers
that are like I want to get laid but I
don't have any money
OkCupid it's right there in the name
it's not good Cupid or grey Cupid it's
okay that's alright
uh embarrassing about online dating
first of all you have to find a picture
of yourself where you don't look too
chinny right which for me is a problem
because I've been drinking it too Korean
face like I'm not a big person but
somehow in all the photos I'm
ridiculous I have an hourglass figure
that starts at the top of my head
she is so curvy that girl I am single
but I did go on a date recently thank
you thank you thank you I want on a date
I decided that I like this guy and next
time I see him I'm gonna [ __ ] him yeah I
wrote it down I actually put it in my
date book I did I wrote it into my
calendar I feel like I'm maturing and
growing as an adult because I never used
to plan when I was gonna have sex right
when I was younger I would always just
be like I'm so drunk oh there's a dick
in me well hold on up in there hi I'm
Helen welcome to South Korea you guys
have been great my name is Helen aw
thank you so much
ah
I recently hit my six-year anniversary
in Los Angeles which thank you again yes
thank you um it's really not a big deal
but thank you I it's a long time though
six years is a good amount of time to
live somewhere I did a lot of reflecting
I was thinking about you know where I am
now and who I used to be in like six
years ago I was living in Missouri with
my parents so we don't summer I hate
we're doing it okay I was thinking about
when my mom and I we were like sitting
at the computer on Craigslist looking
for apartments in LA and she like pulled
one up and she was like oh
what about Burbank Burbank looks nice
and I was like not for me mom I'm going
to Hollywood I want to go where the
stars are I want to be able to see the
Hollywood Walk of have you seen the
Hollywood Walk of Fame of course you
haven't of course you haven't you live
here you have [ __ ] to do
you're grownups it's trash my mom and I
drove 25 hours in my car right across
country to move to my apartment and when
we pulled up the first thing I see and
keep in mind I'm still like I'm like
young and Bush Bush bushy tail what what
is he bushy I push it a light bright
whatever I still believe in Jesus it's
like what I'm trying to say
it's what I'm getting that so like the
first thing I see as I step out of my
car is a homeless man wearing a pink wig
and he's [ __ ] into a pizza box and
my reaction at the time was just kind of
like huh what is he doing as wacky stuff
and now six years later I'm fully aware
of the fact that I am like seven months
from that
like that wasn't a homeless man that was
a struggling actor on a bad day that guy
just drove to and from Santa Monica
during rush hour for a commercial
audition he's just like [ __ ] [ __ ] god
damn it
my dad was right um it's hard out here
man this place sucks it sucks I have
three friends that just live in vans
like literally live in bins and one of
them is a recurring character on a
Shonda Rhimes show like it's not cool
out here
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
my boyfriend said I was getting fat yeah
and I told my mother and she was like oh
my god don't get fat I had to put my dog
down I was carrying her and she was
heavy also she needed to die
now I actually recently got a dog and I
have to say the advantages of having a
dog if someone comes to your apartment
and they find a bag of you can say
it to dogs I have this fear that my
boyfriend is gonna realize that I do
know how to give doesn't but
work both ways but last time he got ill
he blamed having gone down on me I was
like that was months ago he is super
conservative but recently I got him to
send me a dick pic and I was so excited
and I sent him a clip pic back but he
didn't know what it was
my boyfriend is really poor so I try and
motivate him in the bedroom I like your
dick is so big it's like a house we
could live growing up
I was super excited to be developing
sexually I was constantly combing my
three pubic hairs and I growing up I
learned from TV that when people really
love each other they make out so I was
convinced my parents didn't love me it's
okay I knew my uncle loved me I I hate
the word I hate the word because I
didn't grow up with it I had a Filipino
nanny and she called it a peck peck she
last time she'd be like did you wash
your Peck back yeah I missed that no one
checks whether I clean it anymore
I always feel like I have to come out as
saying I had a nanny but I had a
hard-working single mother she earned
the right to ignore her kids now she was
really hardworking and before the
internet she used to take the fax
machine on holiday with us yeah no she
was so hard-working but she really
inspired me to live off her as long as
possible
the art of a good road trip never reveal
to your companions how carsick you get
let them find out organically when I
break up with a guy I like him to think
of me as the one that got away so I
steal his stuff and change my number I
hate it when people say the struggle is
real but then they don't seem to
struggle
[Music]
so and actually as much as I like
masturbating it's not something I'm
great at because here's the thing I know
how to physically do it duh but I don't
know if it women I don't women or agree
with me or not but it's not just about
thinking or looking at a hot guy you
have to have a story right and who has
that ready it's like homework it's like
an intimate an essay you know like every
time I every time I sit down to think
about it I'm like I don't know what that
thing about and then I start to
fantasize I start to fantasize I'm like
here we go I'm at the bar and I see a
guy I don't own that dress Jen that
dress is too expensive go back in your
closet and find something that you would
wear to that bar this is not real we
don't fit into anything right now Jen
then I fall asleep and I wake up and I'm
in a bad mood the next day wouldn't get
it out you know what I mean so if you
work with anyone that's a big she
doesn't have a story that's to be nice
to her don't tell her that you know why
she's a that's inappropriate
hey you don't masturbate do you just
just you know is tacit knowledge okay
okay this young woman is pointing to
this young man oh she made you sit in
the front row and you were saying no you
know what I want you to be comfortable
so I don't have to talk to you okay
no seriously talk to me sir what is her
name Allah come on come on where are you
from Los Angeles meet you know why do I
know it's why I was able to call that
real estate guy I'm gonna get back to
you I want to know make some noise if
you're from Los Angeles now make some
noise of you and those same people make
some noise for your parents or from Los
Angeles okay those same people make some
noise if your grandparents are from Los
Angeles just me I'm a third generation
los Angelino my grandmother's phone
number when she was here was 59
50 not that's how long and how do you do
in Los Angeles motorcycle mechanic I can
name six motorcycle guys six guys police
[Music]
[Applause]
Kawasaki Ducati BMW Suzuki okay the
woman in the front row literally you're
the biggest English teacher lives
Portland is important with the person
she's like Suzuki I may say don't judge
a book by it's cover Ross and in your
case I did judge Europe your cover and
it was right so sometimes you know but
not always you can do it too that we
didn't okay um okay motorcycle mechanic
that is pretty rock and roll that's
pretty broad can roll you know my dad
when I was little he bought yet he had
motorcycles and he had he bought one off
of a cop or a Jetta that little too and
he got a sidecar and he put me in the
sidecar when I was like six and we'd go
on the 405
wow that's probably in hindsight why did
okay what the hell and people thought
that he was a cop and we would just
speed through it and you know is that
funny no it's just sentimental and I
think
connecting tonight that that's great um
I just you know I don't think there's
pressure to roast these these guys you
know that's like comedian roasts Eckler
how about comedian box with heckler Oh
comedian empathizes with Hagler where's
that you - I do was I getting clicks
maybe no wanna freak show they want the
world to burn
[Applause]
[Music]
I I recently a really big pregnancy
scare in my life let's talk about that
for a second
girls a couple days late you know so we
decide to go to Walgreens at four in the
morning to the pregnancy test which
given done that recently that's living
pretty exhilarating give it a shot if
you haven't uh well we're going down
there and like she's putting on her coat
in her shoes and she looks at me and she
goes I think she was gonna make me look
stupid and I'm like ruin the Walgreens
at 4:00 in the morning here a pregnancy
test judgments gonna happen what's going
down like that you know you show up in
our Sunday best we're still gonna look
dumb right and so we're going down there
like she's all job you like cracking up
about the whole thing like I'm freaking
out I'm like we need to figure this out
I need to see if I can still have dreams
okay see what's see what's going on
uh-huh and we get there we're walking
through the aisles and we get the test
and you get on the way home like let's
just go home I figure this out see
what's going on and on the way home
she's like hey we should stop for some
McDonald's breakfast really that's on
your mind right now you go for a sausage
biscuit maybe some hashbrowns something
good I'm thinking I go for flight of
stairs or pair my best kicking shoes and
the straight I got dreams to fulfill all
right I think I was extra pair up
because I love catching that show didn't
know it's pregnant on Discovery Health
[ __ ] that show by the way I don't who
decided that's an entertaining idea but
it's not I don't know if you've seen the
show basically what it does it showcases
women who show no signs of being
pregnant and then they dump out a kid
and it's a nightmare on television
everyone do enjoy some how could you
imagine that happening to you ladies
that's intense like you're going home
tonight you're in the bathroom on the
toilet like all right here comes the
carne asada it's a kid holy [ __ ] you
just crapped 18 years responsibility
that sucks I'm mad when it takes more
than 20 minutes you know I'm just
probably getting like a lot of my
friends having kids now which is fine if
you have a new kid just realize not
everyone else cares as much you know
what I mean
and here's thing also if you have a new
kid here's the thing once your kids over
a year old let's go ahead and use years
the agent measurement how is your kid is
right because I'll try to be nice to
make hey I want your baby they're 36
months I don't know [ __ ] that means
was he nine years old oh no third grade
math on the spot right now
that's why I can't wait to have my own
kid it's like I have my revenge you know
okay hi what's your baby there 4,000
days go screw yourself oh we have a
calculator
my mom's on my case all the time to date
Jewish guys she's like why you're not
faith Jewish and I'm like I can't say
Jewish guys right because they're ugly
they're so gross-looking last time I did
show a guy stood up like hey wait a
minute and everyone looked and he was
just like this troll like case in point
sorry I did date I did date a Jewish guy
that was like very very fat and I I
missed him so much you guys cuz we had
the most amazing snacks they were
delicious and I when I was in college I
dated a guy who ended up breaking up
with me knee told me he was gonna move
to New York City to become a gay
violinist
it was so hard telling my friends
they're like Esther how do you turn a
guy violinist hey I had no idea that he
was gay like you just don't know there's
clothes like he I don't know is this gay
he would tweeze his eyebrows and pencil
them in and then wax his [ __ ] but
besides that he was like very much and
he liked very gay foods he liked like
pickles bananas popsicle like anything
could shove up his ass
purpose I'd say he was like very strange
a couple months ago I went through a
breakup it sucked but I was dries how it
went down I'm driving around my student
abhi ex-boyfriend and we get into some
shitty ass fight he says something dumb
and I was just like you know [ __ ] this
guy and I'm driving my car and I was
like you know what I can't do this
anymore I know we have a lot of fun
together but I'm not actually having fun
with you anymore
and I have nothing but respect and love
for you but I can't do this anymore we
pull up in front of his apartment and I
said you know what no your darkness is
becoming my darkness and I can no longer
bear to carry the weight of your demons
after I saw those I damn [ __ ] you're so
smart I was beautiful but then he
started crying and then he said then I
started crying after he started crying
and I'm in front of his house and I was
just like you [ __ ] get out of the car
just go just we need to break up now and
he was like babe no please I don't want
to break up now please let's just be
together one last time just come into my
apartment I just want to be with you one
last time and I was like no no are you
kidding me look around there is there is
nowhere to park
[Laughter]
never any parking in your neighborhood
and it was like babe no it's it's okay
we're gonna find a spot I'll help you
find a spot no it's just like not fun
okay
so we're driving around his neighborhood
and we're looking for parking and we're
also crying at fighting but also trying
to read all the parking signs how was I
all right honey [ __ ] you for one second
but also help me figure this out no
parking from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Monday Wednesday Friday towaway zone
from 3 p.m. to 12 a.m. every other
Monday of the month permit parking only
from 12 a.m. to 12 p.m. what the foot
why is it so hard and he was like babe
it's okay just drive down Willoughby
there's always parking on Willoughby I
was like oh hell no there better be then
so we drive down Willoughby and we
finally find a little spot and he's like
alright you can park there's you park in
that spot and I was like I can't [ __ ]
I'm at the parallel park and you know
that I'm bad at that it was like it's
okay I'll help you sorry alright that's
the first time you'd ever offer to help
me with anything but let's start now so
he gets out of the car and he's crying
and I'm inside of my car crying we're
both just crying but he's also trying to
back me up into this spot so I'm looking
in the rearview and he's like alright
baby feel like you've got this just like
a little bit is like just don't hit the
kerb just like don't [ __ ] don't hit
the kerb and I was like I'm not gonna
hit the [ __ ] kerb and I hit the curb
because I always do
[Music]
mm-hmm but we park and I get onto my car
and we walked back to his apartment and
we're kind of silent and crying and we
get aside and we sit on his bed and he
looks at me and he takes my hands and he
says you know if this is the end I just
want to let you know like there are so
many things that we didn't get to do
together we never went to that dope taco
truck by my dad's you never came to one
of my dodgeball games we never even did
anal and I don't know if you guys have
ever tried to get out of a relationship
and ended up doing anal instead but it
is not worth the $75 parking ticket that
I got on willaby knee
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I recently got engaged guys did I just
got engaged I got engaged a year and a
half ago we've moved the wedding twice
it's going really well dreams can come
true no it's been a really weird time
getting engaged because when you're a
very strong and independent woman you
kind of don't feel like you need to ever
get married I don't know how to explain
that but I'll try uh when I got engaged
at first we had been together for like
seven years already so the first month I
could look down at my ring and I'd be
like oh my god I'm gonna be a wife like
pat on the back I earned something
it's like thousands of you know
it's like a lot of so much work I like I
earned that you know like what was this
like a thousand dollars like I should
should be way bigger but after like a
month I was like man I don't have to be
a wife and I started thinking
about it a little bit more and I was
like I'm really ready for that and
because I'm a woman and we're crazy uh I
started looking for a reason to not get
married and I started snooping through
his ship for the first time in my life
and I found something which is always a
fun day when you're looking through
you shouldn't be like you either and you
actually find something you're like oh
thank god
thank God I found something otherwise
this would just be me be crazy on
computer there was a folder labeled PRN
RM and all caps
PRN RM and I was staring at it for a
couple minutes I'm like perm room oh
that's porn room without the O's because
men are so clever
porn room right so I click on it I'm mad
I'm like what is gonna be in this is
this is weird porn collection right I
start watching it and clicking on the
episodes or whatever it is that you
called porn and it was something called
X art does anybody in here know what X
art is okay google it tonight it's gonna
make your day X art is beautiful
relationship porn mixed reactions I
understand cuz it's really
confusing beautiful relationship report
the first episode I watched it was this
couple on the beach making love and they
were like caressing each other there was
wind and sand there was like rose petals
on the ground there's candles lit their
shear they're just making love they're
making actual love it was like beautiful
I was thoroughly disgusted it was the
first time I ever watched porn and
thought oh my god I am the problem
have you been too rough on this guy all
these years all he wanted was some
gentle love he's masturbating to
affection I'm gonna be a terrible wife
you guys have been a lot of fun I'm
Natasha pearl Hanson
[Applause]
[Music]
so we are there any married couples out
there yeah yeah wait why wait why is
that so funny are you about to propose
did I just blow it up i hears I feel
like the big difference between being
married and being single is like where
sex is coming from like you never know
where it's coming from at least if
you're married like if you're married
sex is like when you go bowling and you
put like the bumpers on the side it's
like you're gonna get a couple down like
you know I mean when you're single you
just like don't you don't know where you
don't know where it's coming from like
it could be two days it could be 367
days I mean not that I've ever counted
that number I've counted that number it
I feel like when you're single sex is a
lot more like Tetris right we're like
you just build up these like two really
long towers on either side of the screen
you're just waiting for that that long
skinny one to come down the middle I
leave some of the tension I have one
last thing I want to ask you guys it's
sort of like a poll how do you feel
about [ __ ] perfect perfect answer
she's like you're married you're like
you get a [ __ ] three times a year I
count them and it's only when I've two
bottles of wine deep okay my only good
[ __ ] I just feel like they've been
miss named I'd like to rename them blow
internships is that okay with you guys I
realized it's more of a mouthful but you
know we're talking about mouthfuls
because when you start a blow internship
you're like what am i doing this sucks
and then somewhere in the middle you're
like you know I see my work is being
appreciated
I do wish I was being financially
compensated in some way and then at the
end you're like wow that was really
demeaning but I feel like having done it
is gonna help me with my future
endeavors
[Music]
i didn'ti one guy that I dated for a
little while though and it started okay
he was really cute he had long hair I
was getting into it and I was sexy and
then under the third date he showed up
in pigtails oh my god if you thought a
man bun was bad try opening your door to
Pippi Longstocking Wow not sexy and it
was early on we hadn't had sex yet and
then I was really worried because I was
like what is going to be the situation
down here
honestly that's cornrowed a mouse right
if it looks like you're smuggling Coolio
down there I know he was this hippie
like long-haired guy he was a vegetarian
and vegetarians none of you guys know
this about yourselves but you are pretty
[ __ ] annoying oh my god I had this
guy was out of control he wouldn't eat
at McDonald's would you think makes
sense cuz he's a vegetarian but he
wouldn't eat the french fries he said
they had meat in them really the burgers
don't even have meat man have some
McNuggets I think they're rubber pants
they are definitely not meat he really
tried to convert me all the time though
like he tried to make me a vegetarian he
made me watch videos of animals what
happens to them before they become food
I watching these videos they're so
depressing I became a vegetarian for
like two hours and then a meatlovers
Pizza showed up and it was over I don't
know well to her right the only time I
wanted to be a vegetarian is when he
wanted a [ __ ] I started to be like
duh no meat yeah
your rolls buddy
pissed yourself
[Music]
it is tough I'm telling you and I'm not
even trying to be like it's just like I
just like big people want to lose weight
you know skinny [ __ ] want to date you
know what I'm saying it's tough I'm
serious look you see this bruise right
here today the wind what the [ __ ] the
wind I'm all bruised up and [ __ ] look
like I got my ass whooped by the wind
I caught a breeze it's tough the one
good thing I will say I will say during
the summertime all my friends are all
right look the books the mosquitoes it
was good like they don't seem to bother
me
I think the mosquito gets one good look
at me they're like a keyframe bro
somebody don't suck this [ __ ] try keep
playing she's dry the boys don't got to
this [ __ ] let's go let's go it has
hindered me in the chest Department
sucks would have eliminated some
confusion some of you guys thought it
was a boy until they made that comment
right there was awesome novels like I
told you he was a she it's tough though
man and I get it I don't make it any
easier you know how I dress it's all
good I own it [ __ ] it right but it's
just [ __ ] happens all the time I was
doing the club and ice outside of there
of Chicago and I'm running in there like
when you're up so I'm running straight
down I'm like I gotta use the bathroom
find a good bathroom and I hear a group
of guys go I said if I knew that I was
more Harris I'm not thinking right so I
keep walking and I hear it again it's
just so funny all those manners and I'm
like God
[Music]
and I sound like alright whatever like
people are gonna hear one more time
before I wonder your assassin buy
another lesson today's same somebody
saying in Spanish that's the ladies
bathroom and I'm like what the [ __ ] I
know they're not talking to me I'm
obviously a girl right when I fixed my
tie and I kept walking it wasn't I was
in the bathroom and it good you got I
was hovering ladies don't sit all right
oh my god it hits me I'm like that guy
was talking to me hilarious and
embarrassing all at once so now in the
restaurant like what do i do should I
say something and what would I even say
like what do I say anything to this dude
do I come out like what do I do grab my
shirt thanks for [ __ ] tight like does
it come out I was like should I say so
get it on like man [ __ ] how the balls
[Applause]
come on I did come on ball on purpose I
came off super [ __ ] curly I did come
on I was like go put a visa muchachos
[Music]
my agent tells me that I need to be on
TV he said hey golly I can put you on
Dancing with the Stars doing what you
guys I can't dance and I'm not a star
and that makes me perfect with that show
he said hey I can put you on The
Bachelor big deal I've been on few
bachelors
I don't need an agent for that thank you
he said well as long as you do comedy
don't do any racist jokes because you
know it can damage your career I told
him don't worry I don't have any career
I do have friends my best friend
seriously they're married couple the
wife is from India and her husband is
from Pakistan I told them why you guys
are much made in heaven
Indian and Pakistan that's like half
7-eleven half 9/11 I lost 50 percent of
you oh thank you
they are already % are still with me
craziest over there do you know those
people who sneeze in your face and say
it's just allergy I punch them in the
face and say it's just anger one night I
was getting dressed to go out with
someone then he called me last minute
and he said oh I don't want to take you
to this club because over there men are
just gonna try and get into your pants I
said okay I'll wear a skirt
we were dating for a while but we were
not a good match he was a Gemini and I
was married then I went on a date with
someone who told me oh you're a comedian
and you guys are all bipolar I said
that's not true we are sad lol I was
taking a guy who called me a cougar yeah
so rude those teenagers oh my god I was
fed and if you guys heard but Colorado
passed two laws recently maybe a year
ago gay marriage and legalized marijuana
or the same day oh yeah I know you guys
and it makes sense even the Bible says
if a man lies with another man they
should be stoned I love you guys
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
I look a little bit like Scarlett
Johansson let me to my glasses oh I look
a little bit like Scarlett Johansson if
she was in a house fire that only burned
off her tits
all of her money and enough of her face
for her to not be Scarlett Johansson but
it's okay I'm fine with it I'm cool not
having big boobs because I'm pretty sure
if I had big boobs I would not be doing
stand-up comedy because I would be off
somewhere having big boobs popping them
around getting money thrown I'm I don't
know what you guys do sounds like a
terrible life but I'm glad I don't have
I'm up here working on my personality
I'm not doing a very good job but I'm
trying okay thank you for feeling bad
for me I like to flash firefighters cuz
they're awesome but last time I did it
you put your shirt down inside it put
the hose on me
I'm scram get out of here thank you for
your service I tried on a bra Victoria's
Secrets how the bombshell bra ads to
full cup sizes which is an insane
improvement it's crazy
it's like the ultimate in disappointment
look a guy sees me at a bar he's like
I'm on a titty [ __ ] I'm on a titty [ __ ]
I'm at a titty [ __ ] and then I take him
home like you've been pranked not an
option it's like I just wanted to
motorboat I'm like well you can
shipwreck those are your options
I have a friend Maria who has cerebral
palsy so she's in a wheelchair and she
can't really use her arms very well we
went to the beach last summer and I
helped her get into her swimsuit I'd
never seen her without her shirt on
before and boy does she have the best
tits I've ever seen in my life like Lady
got nothing on our [ __ ]
the perfect boobs I've never seen better
boobs in my entire life and I like
looked at I was like haha that's [ __ ]
up
here's Maria confined to a wheelchair
with cerebral palsy and perfect tits and
Here I am walking around with cerebral
palsy tits
can we Freaky Friday just the tits
no we have to trade full bodies aren't
Maria get ready to walk I'm both those
twos she was like I have seen you
topless I'll stay
for thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory
dot-com
you know I got carded in Vegas recently
it's not that funny
guarded note was the sitting out of
blackjack table and the pit boss asked
me for my idea and I was like oh okay
so I gave it to him he looks at it and
he looks at me and he looks at it he's
like come on this can't be right he goes
yeah but a hundred and three pounds like
doesn't everyone lie on their drivers
license wait he goes well within reason
ma'am I mean the Venetian Hotel they're
so honest there I went into the bathroom
at the Venetian it's a fancy bathroom
they have a fancy bathroom attendant and
she was standing there with like a tray
of like gum and cigarettes and perfume
and and I walked in and she was like
hello and I was like hi so I go the
bathroom come out of the stall and right
away she like hands me a paper towel
she's like
and I'm like okay right away I felt
obligated to wash my hands get out there
and Gamble I'm a compulsive gambler and
I was at the blackjack table and I'm
sitting there and this guy sits down
next to me he's really cute and I was
like you know what I've been in a
relationship for seven years I'm in
Vegas why not flirt you know like why
not get some attention and I was like
flirting with him and he was not not
having it and then out of bukas yeah I
haven't had sex with a woman in five
years and I was like oh great
Just My Luck he's married
[Applause]
[Music]
a huge round of applause for the Laugh
Factory for allowing gay people to be in
public as a gay woman at the Trump
regime I realized I've lived it
tonight's to speak in public
oh my god me up here with my opinions
jacket down very exciting it's a great
time to be a life with the stuff going
on outside so much fun every day you
turn on the news and you're like ah goal
anyway
good lots of stuff bring it back cold
why not we're all [ __ ] anyway I've
decided how I'm going to survive the
next four years is I'm gonna be there
I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be there I
have got to be there yeah we've just
confirmed that most of you are straight
at the game show up here's the thing I
don't know exactly what that means more
flannel something I'm gonna figure it
out then you started a Underground
Railroad to get the teams out of the
South Hall up to an anvil during a
softball game I am not gonna lie I have
been drunk since two membranes I have to
piss every day just created marching
March - drink it drink it drink it barks
- take half bar tape
your March we need we need to lock
though these shows are fantastic they're
really hard because I'm not gonna lie
hello hello I think we probably all did
loose the low real low second week of
December and I was in my apartment and I
know you guys don't know me but I've a
positive person with a lot of positive
and sitting on my couch and had my
indoor Crocs and that is the case sense
maybe ever of all time so I'm sitting
there I'm a croc son and then go to just
just kind of feel it just just like this
general malaise just as depression about
Trump and all these folk torrents and
I'm sitting on the couch and I go to
stand up and my Cronk got stuck between
the coffee table and the couch cuz
they're malleable and my body kept going
my body kept going I don't know if you
have fallen recently as an adult but
it's terrifying
it's absolutely terrible my tired my to
smash down on them on the hardwood floor
and I was like oh my god I broke broke
broke muscle
never happened in Hillary up just
sagging I just snap there was so
depressed on the couch I just had like a
frozen organic bag of peas I just
addressed just defrosted by processing
so I'm gonna put the TV on and get some
relief but on CNN it's like Trump's new
pick for Secretary of Defense's Captain
Jack Sparrow
[Music]
I've been volunteering a lot at my kids
school I've been volunteering a lot that
my kids do at my and my son was getting
in trouble in gym class you get in
trouble the gym teacher came to me and
like excuse me mrs. Bryant son once sit
down crisscross applesauce I thought why
you making him sit down to eat his
applesauce if he wants to stand up in
his applesauce he should be able to
stand up he's like no he's not sitting
down and crossing his legs good to me
like Indians I know you can't say Indian
style you can't say that I was like why
the hell not he's like cousins it is
incorrect I'm like so you're trying to
take that from them too
y'all came in took they land I want to
take the what a seat get the [ __ ] out of
here now his alien style you're not
changing that [ __ ] that they keep the
gang they keep the neck took everything
else of these people
Thanksgiving bags one takeaway they sit
now cluck that my name is Neil man I'll
just take [ __ ] from people was I'm
volunteer at the school man I'm learning
a lot at the school I'm learning that
you know we treat ugly kids horribly you
got
we gotta treat ugly kids better we
treating other kids so bad ugly kids you
know they do [ __ ] to set themselves
apart I've noticed in the cafeteria ugly
kids
get ugly snacks ugly kids always picking
the ugly chips the sour cream and onions
the Fritos the harvest chatter Sun Chips
the ugly chips cute kids walking away
with whoo Ranch Doritos and Cheetos ugly
kids won't sit like almond joys and
whoppers I dig this walk away you got
your candy corn back there you got any
Raisinets back there that's the ugliest
snack for a kid a chocolate-covered
raisin I know cute kids eat nuts sheep
[Music]
we live in a wonderful world lots of
things are happening online everyone's
always asking you in the coming year I
might even think about a lot I don't a
date in real life because I prefer just
to swipe left on my mistakes in reality
like I just need the best time but the
only thing that's great about online
days great though she's just show up I
can't get through a brunch without
somebody's own beat let us all be like
what you go
and some guys are very sound bite but I
think it's great because to me that's a
legally binding agreement because I know
what I like almost morning a lot of baby
like it's their job well we're done I
want to reach over I want to grab my
phone start calling to uber and have you
knock it out of my hand and be like nah
baby you live here so once your mouth
guess my romantic
look this is I'm like I'm just coming
off the top of my hair right now y'all
because I'm as weave is tight and it's
[ __ ] up my thoughts if you ever had
your hair braided and they braided just
a little bit too tight you know what I'm
talking about like this [ __ ] is trying
to braid out my thoughts and I went
ahead and got this Indian here so that I
could you know fit more into the
European demography since I'm white on
paper I figured I might as well try to
blend in in real life I've been putting
Vicks VapoRub on my face every day
because I read on YouTube that it makes
your skin lighter and it gets rid of
stretch marks so I've been putting it on
my ass for the stretch marks but on my
face to lighten it up but it just makes
my face man see it's messy French
shiny a little bit it gets rid of
pimples though I know that much the
excite the rub is the [ __ ] when it kind
of pimples if you want to get rid of
some temples I'm just saying that cuz I
say have some bumpy face [ __ ] in here
when I came in and I want to help you I
want you to heal big faker with if you
don't believe me look it up on YouTube
[ __ ] big faker verbs is good for the
acne not only does it get the cold out
your chest but it get the [ __ ] off your
face because nobody wants to [ __ ] above
you a smile [ __ ]
altitude when I see asked me out to
speak like on that person got a lot
going on inside of me a lot of stress a
lot of confusion hormonal imbalance they
Nancy that's why I had to stop working
as a sex education teacher I was a
teacher for a minute they didn't I had
light on the applications that I was a
white woman with a degree and I unify
hired me stupid and I had told them kids
that's why your face is bumpy and then I
got fired but I was like you ever met a
teenager
they [ __ ] up they got a lot of issues
on the inside that they don't talk about
that's why I show up on these skins this
one big [ __ ] I'm sharing which are you
won't think about this is like oh my god
that's why I can't stand sue the network
that [ __ ] is 42 with a bumpy face
because she got issues inside that's why
she never on time
any questions everybody my name is
Marcela and I'm with the last factory
production crew if you like that clip
you just saw please like it and also
subscribe to our page if you're social
and you want leave a comment do that
don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
so well okay so this listen XO happened
because Ricky got the most amazing booty
call voicemail probably of all time of
all time I think I was safe to say at
least of all times that someone made an
mp3 of it that someone being me and that
someone's about to play it for you guys
DJ hit whoa I also do that message so
many times it's kind of amazing it makes
it happen crazy [ __ ]
naked alcohol [ __ ] just got real
so what are you doing for me oh I went
over
it was only 347 a.m. on a Tuesday I
wasn't doing anything
but we wrote in the song yes you text at
3 in the morning and you misspelled my
name you and you slept with half my
friends on Facebook and most of them
think you are lame you say that with me
it's different and you're not that big
of a dick and if you disappear it's
cause you're busy not cuz you're with
some other chick I know that this might
be uncouth but I decided to tell you the
truth my self-esteem is not low enough
to date you it's close but not quite
time to get a little more desperate and
you and I make it awesome day
haier a totally awesome care I seem like
your perfect target
like I've been lonely for too long you
think I haven't had sex in forever and
I'll admit that you're not wrong but I
would rather have no one than this crap
let me reaffirm I win touch your dick if
I've been poisoned and the antidote was
in your sperm right Bianca but I decided
to tell you the truth my self-esteem is
not low enough to date you it's so close
but not quite there give me time to get
a little more wasted and you and I can
make an awesome pair
err a totally awesome hair
just at the airport today and I you
never know what you're going to get so I
try to be like gonna have a good trip
and just gonna manifest that right and I
think like when I get on the plane I can
relax right and this which should happen
first I see this lady and she's just
gorgeous right this beautiful woman like
beautiful blonde hair her designer bag
diamond ring and she just like pushes
her bag like that just an instant right
I was like she's so fragile and gorgeous
and I just thought [ __ ] you Marilyn why
she's a [ __ ] [ __ ] that's why I'm a
super girl in every way where's that
coming from that rage inside of you
Marilyn and I realized that it's just
because I want to be her you know like I
want to be that super model perfectly
hot in every way like I'm not saying I'm
not hot hey it's cool like I'm okay you
know I'll get the job done whoo whatever
this is know what I'm talking about I'm
trying to tell you guys I want something
more than that something beyond that you
know just for the day just to not have
anything else on my mind I just want to
be like stupid hot like the kind of girl
she knows she's hot but that's about all
she knows but she's at the bar with the
guy right and the guys like Oh more
about me in sports sports sports you
know normally I'd be like oh not stupid
hot huh go on
uh what are you doing I'm just listening
God Father hmm just thirsty it's just
how she listens
this totally pornographic and then that
guy like he's like I can't focus on what
you're saying I have to have you right
now I think it takes her out back you
know in the alley handlebar or it takes
me out back cuz I'll be me and the story
so he takes me out back and he just rips
my pants down and gently makes love to
me up against the dumpster my knees are
like hitting the rust in the metal I
don't care smell a trash is wafting up
[ __ ] lips good stray cat runs by Oh
filthy what could be worse oh there's a
guy smoking crack next to the dumpster
who's right he's like I wasn't at the
crack and he sticks his head out he's a
whoa and he stops smoking crack to look
at me because I'm so hot what's up
I'm talking about my hotness can cure a
crack addiction across America ladies
and gentlemen oh yeah I know you know
this girl she's probably one or two of
them here tonight little heels like I
love hanging out of horse bars with the
guys
oh my micro mini with my ass cheeks
hanging out super comfortable real
comfortable yeah yeah
Oh darts I am in guys so for when I get
my dart out of the dart board I do it
like this hey you wanna [ __ ] me just
then yeah I was just taking my dart I
don't even know really what was I doing
sexy dancing any chance she gets
yeah you know that move you're at a
hockey game mmm I love music
then tintin tintin tintin santa gfriend
attendant oh the pockets the gloves it
is really turns me on and the phone's
not just glue your pyramid
that was a tangent
so we we were recently in Utah and we
had the Saturday afternoon off and so we
decided to go go-karting and I grew up
on go-karts all the time but Ricky had
never been go-karting before and she was
driving so so slow and I was like really
you're not liking go-karting what is
there nothing like and then all of a
sudden Ricky just stops in the middle of
the track and just waits for 20 minutes
until our time was up on a clock and I'm
like what what was so bad and then I
found out what was going on and it made
a lot more sense okay so here's what
happened basically I was sitting on a
big giant vibrating piece of metal at a
forward tilted angle and the faster I
went of the go-kart the more it shook
and I was like this feels kind of weird
and everyone's speeding past me and I
was like I gotta go really really slow
or I'm not gonna make it through our
time so I'm really really really slow
and then I see her speeding by me and
for some reason my thought was like well
if she can do it I can do it which I
don't know why I assumed we had the same
fashion sensitivity we don't cuz no I'm
a delicate flower me you're a thirsty
cactus no I'm just kidding okay nope
anyway so she speeds by me and I'm like
I can do this and I speed up and I was
like nope and I just kind of pulled over
and hung my head in shame for the rest
of our set and we wrote a song yeah well
I guess it's not a set is it I've been
on those too long these are a lot of
go-karting time I don't know go karting
set yeah
so another song alright get out my
go-kart strap myself in rev up the
engine let the fun begin
put my foot on the gas and I'm out of
the gate but the faster I go the more
the metal vibrates
my body's tingling from my head to my
toes but the thing that's really buzzed
and I hope nobody knows
cuz I'm feeling kinda funny in a
biblical way god damn shaking hard on my
Georgia O'Keeffe bouquet I never guessed
this travelin machine would turn the
motor on under my hood go-kart racing
accidentally masturbating go-kart racing
mechanical self or negating go-kart
racing no stop until I cross the finish
line shoot in Gears I can feel my heart
drop hope nobody notices I'm getting a
lube job don't need no gentleman to
start my engine because I can even feel
a little rear suspension trying to cover
up my scandal like a Goldman Sachs
she's getting real on this indoor track
I'm about to go blind and I feel like a
creep cuz it's pressing on my horn
like PvP now my driving is getting
erratic because this transmission is
automatic go-kart racing accidentally
masturbating go-kart racing mechanical
support Acadie go-kart racing no stop
until I cross the finish line if the
fruit is ripe you might as well [ __ ] it
it's gonna slow down but then I thought
[ __ ] no one look at me cuz this is it
green flag Coco holy [ __ ]
go-kart racing accidentally masturbated
go-kart racing mechanical supporting
Kaden go-cart racing no stop until I
cross the finish line he changed
Kichi go-kart racing accidentally
masturbating go go racing mechanical
support a gate and go go to racing to
stop until across LA
um when I'm not doing comedy sometimes I
sling drinks I'm a cocktail server and I
straight-up hate that about myself
because I I know I'm doing the best at
my job as a cocktail server when I'm
making everybody else around me the
worst versions of themselves
it's true like it's like not a job I
feel comfortable bragging about like
cops they have cool jobs they get to
like bus pervert save lives shoot people
without consequences can't do anything
like that I'm always asking like how was
work last night like I have to try to
think of things to be proud of you know
I'm like well uh I got two people
blacked out on one guy tripped and fell
after he cheated on his wife I served
them
that was me those were the doubles I
suggested yeah people always want drink
making recommendations for me it's
usually girls who like what Shane what
shot I'd had like like why are you
melting um but I mean I don't know how
to respond to that I associate a law
with every major mistake I've ever made
in my life all right so like all I can
think of to say is like if you don't
want to wake up sore tomorrow don't get
the Bill Cosby special okay
but I went on I gotta actually went on
that this is true on a first date about
two weeks ago and I met this guy in real
life it wasn't like a tinder online
 thing but he called himself a
professional street performer so like I
should have known well while we were on
our date why we were physically eating
our dinner this young gentleman I guess
you could call him that he had me take
the myers-briggs personality test
oh yeah we're all literacy if you know
what that is right yeah you guys wonder
it is if you don't know what it is it's
just like a really quick way to dry up a
lady's
[Applause]
right like that one no it's a it's a
personality quiz consisting of a bunch
of questions right at the end of it
you're given like a four letter score it
could be like am i MTG you're an ENT
yeah whatever the
and I was so confused because I was like
my personalities already on this date
like I'm RT let's write here you could
just talk you just talk to it you just
you just get to know me I'm right here
like that's like if a guy was like
getting me head just could you um could
you practice on these stamps first it
didn't make any sense but I took the
test because he was buying me some oxy
cotton and has anybody taken that test
just curious anybody for like schoolwork
do you remember your score does anybody
remember their score yeah ion FJ okay I
was SL UT I just sucked his dick and got
out of there I didn't I actually I told
that joke here at Laugh Factory like
about a month ago and after the show a
guy came up to me the bar he was like
that was really funny and I was like oh
thanks so much and he like look at him
and he goes you know I used to volunteer
the post office
[Music]
which I didn't know was a thing you
could do first of all but I have had a
couple drinks so I was like confused
like I'd forgotten my set for the night
so I was like wait why and he looked at
both ways it was a crowded bar I was
like what do you do and it goes
he goes I'm just want to let you know
I'm real good at licking stamps and I
was kind of girl so I was like come on
that's gross
right cuz don't say that's any other
show cuz then I'll be like looks get in
the bathroom and prove it to me
[Music]
I like daylight I've loved when people
like are happy and I'm singing this [ __ ]
but um it's okay I'm a [ __ ] comedian
it's normal guys don't like big
comedians that's a fact
like I'm out six nights a week they
always think you're gonna talk about on
stage and I'm always around a lot of man
comedy is a Superman heavy so they they
get insecure really quick so I might
date a guy for like three weeks maybe a
month he's over it and I don't know if
it's because I'm a comedian or because
I'm a cheater
okay oh god you're so petty
come on like Jesus Christ like if you
can't handle a little infidelity you
know you're not the man for me no way
all right like you just not I cheat on
you to make you stronger okay stop being
a little [ __ ]
and love me down let me tell you a
blessing amazing huh cry baby I hate
crybabies ah it's so good but what I do
what I do do is I like online dating I
said it's fun it's [ __ ] if you own line
they clap online daters flat yeah yeah
yeah it's more than that I saw some of
you all tinder so says why
what you got some of the dates you don't
swipe no more shut up all right
people always get so quiet and when you
ask them about online days like it's
2017 everything is online you put your
bills online you can shop online you go
[ __ ] online if you really that good like
that [ __ ] is good too right but it's
time you say they don't let people get
tight like ah I'm gonna make somebody
crazy [ __ ] you crazy shut the [ __ ] it
you're crazier than when I meet another
crazy [ __ ] yeah just be happy
and crazy together I love on that day
there's too many studies not being lazy
come on eat harmony match.com cubic
black people meet bumble tinder come on
what does what's the stupid former's
only what the [ __ ] is that what the [ __ ]
is that farmers on how to [ __ ] baby get
internet how does
my wife at goes out every time I pass
through Carbondale how to cook an egg
[ __ ] you all who witness Comcast going
out to Barnes looking a wife and a thick
mousse looking this [ __ ] up but
farmersonly.com I got the best
commercial Beyonce they play about every
every night at 2:00 a.m. you don't have
to be lonely and farmers only Zach ha
amazing when the remix come out I said
oh so good
you were saying that shouldn't work you
never got no barn [ __ ] you don't have
to be lonely and farmers only tactile
zoos you own that be okay you don't have
to be lonely
yes you do okay
you're a [ __ ] farmer okay I guess you
chose that life okay
you chose that life you don't how many
[ __ ] live in the city move
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] call me a bar
to come [ __ ] you what the [ __ ] comes the
barn it's a funnel cloud [ __ ] who got
gas money who's coming out here [ __ ]
come see your bar sir so [ __ ] I went
okay and some good farmers out here Oh
do not typecast it was worth every mile
yes I was drunk one like the commercial
came on I said don't have to be but this
is my GP else I'll be an hour and 42
minutes boxed up I'm on my way
but think about what you wanna [ __ ] a
farmer
if you miss your exit [ __ ] that's 42
pounds that's a [ __ ] away but you can
see the damn bar on the side of the
highway like kind of walking over there
bot come over here out of [ __ ] market
over there this is stupid I made a heart
right I'd go straight to them crops [ __ ]
this car [ __ ] this [ __ ] this ticket
while I'm here
crop circles off [ __ ] that [ __ ] up
[Music]
you guys give it up for the cocktail
servers that are serving you here
tonight we're working very hard for
tough job please take care of them I
know I actually tried cocktail serving
once for seven and a half years I didn't
I didn't love it because um because
people get a little self unaware when
they drink you know when I was working
the bar people drunk people are always
asking me for drink recommendations I
was I drink
well shots should I take should I write
right I'm like why are you melting you
sound like Rihanna you don't need a
drink at all anymore
you need to go home and record an album
sounds amazing for for some reason you
guys are nice cocktails serving I got
asked to do more than one threesome I
think I got like a strong like ala carte
vibe
like I don't look like I would be good
on my own but like maybe in addition is
something else
just fine like I don't really get
offended by that I was a little confused
once cuz this guy was giving me this
whole sales pitch of like why I should
hook up with him in his way I mean I
don't do this by the way either it's not
like I'm like oh I'm asking me about the
threesome special like I wasn't putting
that out there but he's like I think my
wife would really be in to your
beautiful personality I think that's how
sex works I don't know I think he got
like my serving skills we're gonna
transfer over to the bedroom
you know like I'd be like you guys doing
okay everybody equally stimulated
sir you still working on that you want
me to get that ass out the way for ya
ready for another round
I'm just like what happened with this
couple's last group sex situation to
where his wife was like you get me
someone with a better personality next
time yeah I like the other girl
physically but she just wasn't very
social I wanted to talk about Game of
Thrones after and you know how I told
you guys that women are auditory
creatures because we can hear stuff you
didn't say well like what I heard when
he said that was like hey lady that I
don't know physically but your quick wit
there's really making up for those
subpar titties won't you come hook up
with me in the why one of my biggest pet
news as a server is when people would
flag me over but then they weren't ready
to order you guys may be like excuse me
can we get some service over here hello
and then I'd go over there I'm like yeah
cuz that was a professional they're like
we don't know what to get what do you
think we should get we didn't we didn't
look at what to get I'm like have you
tried the [ __ ] out it's really good this
time of now get out we had like a lot of
celebrities come in the bar that I
worked in I worked in a hotel and Suge
Knight was one of our regulars yeah it's
fun and he you guys know Suge Knight is
clap if you know Suge Knight is
not even flat don't respond okay
he's like this big case you like do sir
guy I don't know what he does he just
wears red shirts but he'd always come in
the bar and like ask for stuff that we
didn't have like I think he was just
always looking for an excuse to like
hang someone over the balcony you know
so he'd be like I want some mac and
cheese I'm like we don't have mac and
cheese I want to be a flute oh my well I
want to pop to be alive we will hunt
[Music]
you
[Music]
my friend courier doesn't resolution
with the take less selfies like you're a
terrible person what ridiculous so we're
the best even an option for her
resolution everybody said that this is
like the worst we've ever been as people
right like we're so self-absorbed about
all the selfies but honestly I think
that we were all way worse at a
different time because at one point we
were all in school we all had school
picture day and then we ordered physical
copies of photos of ourselves and gave
them to people like narcissistic
sociopath oh can you imagine doing that
now as an adult it's going up to a
co-worker unprompted like you give them
a four by six is there a real good
friend
um but you know the kind of dick I've
been into lately has been the mature
kind the older men I see you up there
right yeah the other thing I like about
older men is that they know what they're
doing okay they've been having sex for
twenty thirty years sometimes forty when
I'm really drunk and sad and they you
know that's a long time to be practicing
something right they've put in their
10,000 hours they're experts they're
teaching me things about my body I
didn't even know that there were certain
parts in there I didn't know they're
teaching me also you know there's older
men seem to for the most part they have
their lives together just a little bit
more than the younger men right just a
little bit you know there's nothing
worse than hooking up with a guy who has
roommates it is the worst it is the
worst right because you have to like cut
through a living room full of frat boys
playing xbox just to go make some bad
choices
no thank you I don't mind the walk of
shame but I do mind the waddle of regret
afterwards and just like what did I do
oh my god my mom raised me better than
this it's a good symbiotic relationship
the different ages right because they we
can help each other out you know they
can help me with things that I don't
like adult stuff like taxes 401ks
investments all that stuff and then I
can help them with crossing the street
[Laughter]
helping them to take their medication on
time these kinds of things it's a good
symbiotic relationship I know you're
thinking cuz everyone says it to me all
the time they say Katelyn I think you've
got daddy issues like mom quit calling
me at 12:00 in the morning and I go
that's impossible okay there's no way I
have daddy issues cuz my dad wasn't even
around when I was growing up shout-out
to my dad
wherever he is
[Applause]
[Music]
I uh I got divorced this year anyone
else celebrating anything tonight yeah
alright any married people here yeah
alright give it time
give it time people change they do I
don't want to get into the whole story
you know I don't want to like tell you
the whole thing that's kind of just like
basically he kind of wanted me to be
like a housewife type of person you know
very traditional and I just really
wanted him to be a woman no one was
surprised when I came out except for me
um we're surprised at all
my friends were really nice about they
all acted like really taken aback
because they know how much I love
attention that was nice that was nice
but people are always like a little bit
surprised you know when I talk about
this they have a lot of questions right
a lot of questions come up they're like
you're so young you're so you're so cool
you're like the most handsome Jewish man
I've ever seen happen what happen um
I've been thinking I think I'm making
maybe like a PowerPoint slide show was
just some of the frequently asked
questions that I get to be very short it
would just be like slide one would just
be like you were married and then slide
two is like to a man
and then slide three is just 13 years of
softball folks just feel like that says
it all
okay it really does I started going to
therapy though that's been helping a
little bit any therapy heads here yeah
all right on the count of three so your
therapist name one two three [ __ ] okay
let me hang in there oh my god I love
her so why is she here [ __ ] come on out
baby girl I always America my show she
just [ __ ] for partnership I always
invite her and she's like boundaries and
I'm like come to my show I do I love her
so much
I love therapy I just feel like 50
minutes a week is not enough you know
not if you burn through time the way
that I do right
damn like I just get in there and it's
like the first half of my session I'm
always catching them up on my week and
all the [ __ ] and you know this
person Ted Danson man and then the
second half I like to run my set that's
my time okay that's what she always says
it's my time took full advantage of that
she has been helping me though she's
been encouraging me to get out there and
date again and I have okay I've been out
there
a bit of a Rumspringa if you will okay
it's a little bit scary it's scary cuz
it's like well things are different now
I feel like dating now it's like
everyone's gay now it's okay well
alright everyone's not gay but all women
are so mad at men but essentially
everyone's gay it's like a variant okay
Mira okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I do have a cat that's not a joke it's
really I feel like guys it's you
typically that don't like cats right
that's a fair statement guys typically
don't like cats and I don't understand
why you don't like cats cuz you're
exactly like a cat I know we've been
conditioned to think that men are like
dogs and women are like cats but this
couldn't be further from the truth
guys you're like cats you're aloof and
emotionally unavailable women are
exactly like dogs we're exactly like
dogs like hey where you going we're
going we're going we're going we're
going we're gonna can I go can I go can
I go can I go can I I'm gonna wait right
here I'm gonna wait right here I'm gonna
wait right here I'm gonna wait right
here I'm gonna wait right here I'm gonna
wait right here my shoes so guys you're
like cats are like oh you're home okay
so this is what's gonna happen you're
gonna feed me then I'm going to stare at
the window at nothing that I'm gonna
pass on the bathroom deals you women are
like dogs we clean up after ourselves
right ladies you ever seen a dog vomit
eats a [ __ ] right back up usually
doesn't in private bomb-ass eats it up
no evidence you don't even know what's
happened guys don't like cats you'll
just puke anywhere I make a big [ __ ]
scene about it and then you're like okay
can you clean that up it's so gross I
don't want to touch it oh here comes the
dog I got it I got it
girls are like dogs we need to be
groomed shampooed conditioned blow-dry
fluffy guys you like catch like what I'm
dirty
am i dirt let's go I'm [ __ ] ready
even ask for Paul sexy eyes you got the
net word wrong you'll be on ABC with no
way quite a good [ __ ] come on don't give
a [ __ ] about our careers or what we're
doing with our lives
you guys are are you better now we happy
I'm just so quiet up the flow we had bad
Mills on the way here I'll be okay [ __ ]
who's the one that has the priest of a
daddy who's a priest daddy right here
yeah honey my clearance top from Macy's
is not on fleek if your fitness in this
league it's just like in low Sanders you
got you are doing it sit down she's sexy
and excited about life you know when you
look cute you're like [ __ ] that with the
world to see me you're the girl in the
club who walks around some oh goddamn
reason you're that [ __ ] yes
you know you trying to dance on
something she going again sit down I
think it's better got your hand and [ __ ]
[ __ ] if you walk by one more goddamn
time because Security's you got a gun in
her purse
I wanted to leave [ __ ] your mama wait we
are away in London is your family yes oh
happy holidays happy holidays anybody
leaving going to travel and see their
real families of course you are you're
gonna be out the whole goddamn time
attention attention to our attention to
Christmas it's your best friend right
here everyone you're the quiet one right
is that what you have your hair and that
side pony thing where you're so
embarrassed by her little guy here she
is here she goes again
let me cover my side of my face this
[ __ ] is gonna get us thrown out again
well you had the hair sighs sweet Oh God
oh she's embarrassing me
I don't even notice [ __ ] so imagine
what she making you feel like it's
always the hot chick it's just talk so
much I know it's so cute what's your
name
I love you what's your name
40 babe are you still talking that much
[Laughter]
as you get older like you're cute but
you know you can ruin the cue with the
mouse you know cute with too much
chatter you can kill an erection with
that the same even watch it guys dick go
down but you talk too much I am I watch
I am watch an erection bag and I want to
disgust it now and it's like alright
well we're not gonna do any other things
so you might as well talk about it you
know what L kill directions the my
undergarments banks if you want to see a
Federation guy let the man undress you
when you're wearing full Spanx though
they always want to be sexier I don't
want to roll your [ __ ] down and undress
you for you and it roll it down it's
like a nipple pops out hits him in the
face told you let me do it I don't
cowboy let me go to the bathroom I'll
come out but naked oh we can get going
okay but you don't want to do it trust
me
it's way too much come on if I were the
kind of spank that make me go from a
size 14 to a 2 you don't want to see
that you don't
they pop out of my surprise it will kill
the night
[Music]
this would be a good time I also have a
crazy family I'm Native American and
Irish thank you do you have some Native
American and Irish Union just the Irish
okay so we're gonna happen sink here
drinkin
I am Native American Irish that means
they used to have more relatives and
they got drunk and shot each other know
sometimes they were on the same side
sometimes they weren't and the craziest
person in my whole family has to be my
grandfather because when he turned
ninety four he final four divorce
take a nap grandpa you have heartburn
yeah I know yeah can you imagine how
pissed off his wife would be oh okay
I'll take I'll tell you about his wife
his wife was 56 and they were married
for 31 years right I'll do the math for
you guys okay he's rich I don't know how
pissed off you'd be if you heard man she
married the old guy for his money now we
won't die he still goes to work every
day
what a dick oh my gosh
crazy family four okay I have six
sisters and a brother because might I
know we were Catholic but mostly my mom
was a [ __ ] so I'll explain I have six
sisters and a brother four of those
sisters have been strippers yeah way to
go mom and dad's a lot of data too guys
that's why they're strippers I'm the
only one with a - no that's why I have
my clothes on right now actually people
have asked me if I've ever considered
stripping before because so many of my
siblings have done it I'm like ah no did
you see these when you came in probably
not but people drive by three times I
thought you're a boy
yeah no these my dad turned 65 this year
we have the same cup size now thanks dad
it's your fault no I don't tell him that
he's great
hey here's the here's the thing like I
couldn't be a stripper okay guys not
because I like to have small tits or
whatever but I can't dance at all thank
at all I'm a Native American and Irish
lesbian there is no rhythm in that
package you just be me on stage is like
why doesn't someone fix the heat in here
I'll be right back Oh your hand let me
go take care of that I'm going to bounce
a couple [ __ ] out of here and then
I'll be back on stage
[Music]
I graduated from anger management so
literally you're all safe but I'm
constantly tested man all the time you
know because people don't believe it
because I don't give up angry vibes I'm
always smiling
so I'll get at least one person that'll
come up to me and be like oh okay you
with their anger management okay yeah
what makes you mad yeah what gets you
angry huh I'm always like you asked
yeah cuz my anger is not gone it's
managed by the [ __ ] okay you haven't
risen from Phoenix man yeah fingers
ain't that tight yeah man I'm like I
like Los Angeles so much better you know
just because there's just more black
people you know what I mean that's why I
like it I was a rarity up see you know
sister okay see she knows man I grew up
around a lot of white people and we were
all poor so I grew up around poor white
people they exist and you know
I felt bad for the ones I grew up with
because these cats man they were poor
and had no talent you know to me so they
were just walking the earth just
existing I'm like damn y'all know how to
shoot a basketball anything like that
[ __ ] do it let me tell you something
when that TV show jackass came out they
floored then they're like they're like
they're like okay this is how we're
making it out of the neighborhood [ __ ] a
basketball we get in shopping carts when
we can't mousetraps we can scorpions and
I'm like man y'all should get a bunch of
books to read you know I mean like this
shopping cart [ __ ] y'all oh yeah so
then I moved to Los Angeles I get my
first black friend which is really cool
ain't never had that before
there's one our friends when he's real
with it man he grew up in Compton right
just down the street and uh he don't
like me being too white he tells me all
the time
one night we were walking down Sunset
Boulevard right and I spotted okay cuz
I'm a big rock'n'roll nerd and I spotted
the lead singer of the Counting Crows
yeah I looked at him I was like dude oh
my god
so you got to be kidding me
it is Adam Duritz the lead singer of the
Counting Crows and he looked at me was
like you know what the [ __ ] you say to
me man huh huh telling me about a dude
that count crows man that's how evil is
[ __ ] I'm like way about you listen to
accidentally in love before you say
something like that man
mr. Jones [ __ ] me up [ __ ] me huh he's
got me saying gee a lot but he doesn't
tell me what the G stands for he's like
just say it G I'm like okay what does it
mean I've been around white people so
long that I don't know what it means you
know cuz I only know what it means when
white people say it like I G I want to
get it there I don't get it in his
context you know that's not getting all
of this lingo catches me off guard man I
invited him to one of my comedy shows I
was like dude I would love it if you
came to one of my shows
he was like save less and I was like
[Laughter]
so we don't talk much that is not a lot
of conversation you know I ain't gonna
lie man I don't feel comfortable saying
n-word around them oh yeah I've been
around white people so long that I'm
like am I allowed to say it I don't know
if I'm allowed to say it I probably
shouldn't I'm gonna get jumped I'll be
quiet
okay because it doesn't sound authentic
coming out of my mouth you know it
doesn't like I can't I can't walk around
in my oasis t-shirt and be like a
Wonderwall [ __ ] yeah that's just I mean
I could play that [ __ ] on the guitar
okay yeah it's an E chord and the G
chord just slide your fingers around all
the lyrics [ __ ] today is gonna be to
let me stop let me stop let me stop I
got super excited I love that band I
love that band
[Applause]
[Music]
so um I don't drink I'm actually sober
thank you haven't had a group in a while
and that's because when I drank I made
odd choices yeah especially on dates
so everything's different now that I
don't drink I don't have sex that's
apparently when I'm sober I'm picky all
these years I thought it was a big old
 turns out I'm shy nice to get to
know the new me it's always kind of an
awkward conversation though to tell the
guy that I've been sleeping you know
it's like hey listen John I can't see
anymore I quit drinking I thought we had
chemistry
apparently the chemical was vodka can
you still help me move no okay cool so
I'm in this 12-step program and I have a
sponsor and I was to counter about my
sexual history and she goes uh listen
Lisa you need to do a fourth step sex
inventory I know and I was like what's
that she goes I want you to make a list
of all the guys you've slept with write
down their names we're gonna go over it
next week
I was like their names what am i a mind
reader I'm writing things like guy in
red hats and then we need quick drinking
you have to give a while you're fun
friends like my best friend since birth
short big boobs blonde loves to go to
karaoke nights drink martinis make out
with guys and I can't be her drinking
buddy anymore you know I can't even be
her friend I mean obviously I'm still
gonna be her daughter
I went to a bar with my mom once she
goes listen honey don't call me Mom call
me Linda I said but your name is Nancy
she goes don't you girls like to get
fake names when you go out clubbing I
said mom yeah El torito's not clubbing
[Music]
no I do it's Norris's he snore yeah he's
like oh no no I'm sleeping I hate you
yeah
and there's no anything because you have
to like wake them up with the I'm not
sleeping that's why we get like this I
just here's the thing is like people
that snore you guys are you just have to
lay on your backs
for some reason which is very and you
just want to share the most annoying
quality for nine hours all we want you
to do this would make it the true German
just turn over just sneeze please turn
your body away from us that's it just
all day long I'm trying to wake him up
and I'm still doing it nice because
we're newlyweds I'm still lying you know
so I'll just make me stupid
the problem is is that people that snore
if you guys can fall asleep faster than
anyone
all right in those vehicles
we just made eye contact
can't stand it he does this new thing
now fewer I'll try to like wake him out
me me whatever my whole thing and then
he'll do this thing where everyone's
gone but what's up guys have like I
don't what wondering your thoughts on
global warming like your snoring is
what's up this was always up then when I
finally get his body over this was my
goal the whole night when I finally get
it over I have to then shove my body
against his body so that he can never
move again
I just feel like whole door from Game of
Thrones oh my gosh add a single again
I especially lived alone I wish we could
do that right like I think marriages
would be better
I think I'd last even you guys been
together for a while I miss showering
alone that was all that was those are
the good days you just like get in the
shower alone cuz when a guy just hears
the water turn on he thinks it's like an
invitation to get in it's not you do
like a guy could just hear the water
turn on and music Oy
like now like ladies like cuz we have
things that we have to do anything and
then we don't do that when they get in
like we start to act Illustrated
a lot of lathering for no reason and
guys always fall for it - they're like
oh my go babe you look so hot oh really
I'm just very this is a shower when you
guys beat Albert
just one here you go will do I was
Middle East
our therapist uh she tells us that my
favorite part in therapy when we go is
uh when she's a diagnosing him like this
is my favorite part ever because she'll
be like she'll be like letting him have
it in front of me but I on the outside I
have to act dumb you know I have to be
like oh I never knew that but on the
inside he goes I feel like I'm her
height man she did it
hey mama you see boy mama
rather mean
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I have done things for my appearance and
slipping here that I could never have
imagined in my wildest nightmares living
back in the Midwest I paid an Armenian
woman I gave my money to her to burn the
hair off of my [ __ ] with a laser beam
that's of us know a lot in Wisconsin
beer you keep your ass here that's for
survival you need
the more the better come winter honestly
if you don't want yours I'll take yours
I'm famous all right otherwise you have
to put a mint in your butt crack or
something minor way you do wouldn't just
go out into the elements like that
though but no not here here you're a
[ __ ] loser if you got a skier so I
went to this lady's place I don't know
what to an office I guess when today ask
your office
I was not her first customer she was not
shy she ready she right away was like
hold your butter puffs with your hands I
was like oh my goodness okay but you
really never know what you're going to
get with a Groupon do you do you realize
thank you participate in the procedure
to do
happy to help me what are we gonna do
say no I can't choose a laser beam so I
was like okay there it is you see it and
then she lead my ass on fire
I screamed her no sound I never heard
myself make before cuz she licked me ass
on fire
and then she said to me it hurts because
there is a lot of it today believe it or
not you just wander in off the street to
show you my [ __ ] finish it and she
did finish it she did a nice job now
it's very smooth needs to be Fabian
perfectly honest with you now without my
clothes on I look like a stack of
pancakes and it's been a long time since
someone puts Europe on these pancakes if
you know what I mean you do cuz you
throw up in your throat
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I keep trying to get my boyfriend to
tell me that his parents hate me I'm
like come on your parents are totally
racist against me they're white people
from Wisconsin you can tell me they're
racist he's like no babe my parents
totally support our relationship because
my dad feels really guilty about Vietnam
this section was on board
you guys are like too soon to suit 40
years not enough time you guys are
adorable are you on a date that's that's
so cute so you should be on a gap ad I
swear to god you're just so you're just
like oh my god I've never had an STD
ever and you're like I'm gonna come out
of the closet in like four years
how is everybody's holidays did
everybody have a really good holiday
okay does anyone here have kids yes okay
so you guys know people who have kids
during the holidays they don't send
Christmas cards anymore they send
pictures of kids right that's like a
thing that you guys do you like line up
the little [ __ ] in front of the tree
and like cute little outfits like
reindeer hats and then you take a
picture and that's like becomes your
Christmas card and like all my friends
have kids now so these I only get these
cards and the funniest thing about these
cards is the kid has always written you
a letter on the back of a card and it's
like Siri auntie Helen 2012 was a big
year for me because I learned how to
walk I'm like I know you didn't write
this [ __ ] you little liar put your mom
on the phone
but I feel left out because literally
every single one of my friends has kids
I always get these cards now I and I
feel left out because I don't have kids
so I decided next year for Christmas
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna invite a
guy to come over and jizz on my stomach
and I'm gonna take a picture of that
[Applause]
Merry Christmas from the kids that never
were
did I'll tell you guys this I
accidentally shot my dad's penis once it
was a quick whoopsie you know he was
leaving the shower I was going in and
he's an accident in Meerut happen and I
never thought about it again I was 14 I
wasn't everything about this again and I
never thought about it again until I
started hooking up with the dudes and
then I realized that my dad has a
monster dog oh and it's ruined me for
life because now every time i hook up
with a guy when I see it for the first
time I'm just like [ __ ] and he's like
what just like it's just smaller than my
dad's everything is smaller than my
dad's and ladies you know he got up for
drinks with your girls and the question
always comes up so Carly what's the
biggest penis you've ever seen him and
every time I have to be like I don't
know
my dad's surrounding me yeah and guys I
was I was out for drinks with my girls
recently and they were like Carly I'm
like how many people have you hooked up
with like what's your number
shaking that's a horrible thing to ask
anyone you know but it did get me
thinking and I realize it's not even
that the number is so high I just
realized I don't remember anyone's name
like for me I remember the names of the
people I've hooked up with he's like
trying to remember the names of the
presidents you know like I can tell you
the first and the one right now besides
how a lot of white dudes one black guy
one time almost a woman you know
clothes see I am single guys single and
ready to go to bed that's where I'm at
and I will say I think that you watch a
lot of porn I think a lot of yes I think
a lot of street identifying women watch
lesbian porn I do I think all straight
identifying women watch let's be
important and the reason why I think is
regardless of sexuality there's just
something hot about knowing that both
the actors are getting paid the same you
know
like coming from equal opportunity thank
you guys
[Applause]
[Music]
you
one thing I always think with you you
have so much talent you have so much
billion s why do you go up on the stage
I told you the same thing you did no you
said you didn't want me to why do I yeah
because I really enjoy it yeah but you
got to but if you want me to from now on
I could be very good but I enjoy is I
enjoyed but I think I think you haven't
is try to be hundred percent clean too
but sometime you might enjoy it I do try
we're not do the Laugh Factory in Long
Beach on a Sunday the whole show is
completely totally clean but you know
what let me be honest with you when I'm
completely totally clean that means I
have to think the whole that like I
think really hard yeah it's good to have
to think but don't pay me enough to
think I told you this what do I have to
gain I'm only caring about you I just
want you to have both okay
and I know you say you did The Tonight
Show fine it's five minutes but I'd love
to see you go up and then and then
people are amazed that oh my god she's
dirty too but I don't want you to be
dirty out of the box I could do why
would I give you a voice what do I have
to get I'm telling you that because I
love you oh good I mean a lot of people
in here they love you yeah everybody
every comedian thank you everybody they
taught you in here they came in at your
mentor they were here everybody cheering
for you to become successful including
down included every employee in here
they're all praying for you to become
successful because they love you to
become say but you know sometimes I
think what Dom saying or everybody you
could do you could have both Walt yeah
you could be a going out force there's
such good characters you know and look
you know Tiffany you see me I'm not
pristine but I've earned I want you to
earn the the thing of being dirty don't
what should be dirty because it's easier
you don't have to think yeah cuz I know
that I mean it's just like my everyday
conversation is what I have with my
friends and stuff you know we'll start
out like oh yeah girl what's my problem
ah but then let me tell you what this
mother and you know like cuz that's how
we talk so that's that's kind of what
I'm
like I gravitate to and I want to know
did you ever tell Richard Pryor that yes
okay well then look at his icon any you
but Richard the time Richard Pryor could
work cleaning I guarantee yeah but I
can't tell if you pay me to no Richard
he didn't get any paid that time he was
working in here excuse me you're getting
paid yeah he didn't want to he gave me a
hundred-dollar bill
you remember I told you the story yeah
he gave me a hundred-dollar bill but I
think for usefully is most important
thing try to think about it go yeah
first Fido no no no first five-minute
fest for four or five minutes show
people show that your talent you're so
talented you are so brilliant is not too
many people as beautiful as you are as
talented you are as they can do all of
it yeah yeah because you got stage
presence and you can't teach that you
know you can't you're either have it or
you don't it's a gift you know the
material you can come by you can buy
jokes I'm not good enough I think I
think you have it yeah I've seen you do
clean I see you have it I only think I
would suggest the time you started
that's five minute first four five
minutes clean then get to the dirty
that's no problem that's good you know
that's what you enjoy you know you
should do it you know but I seen some
people some comedian they're going on
the stage but you're not at least you
have a talent I've seen some comedian go
on the stage every other word if that if
that I said where's the joke well what
it becomes is like it's like when people
can't think like I was like you know
like what like four days I was like with
that's a resi he [ __ ] said that the
[ __ ] in there yeah they say first yeah
but like when I'm doing clean comedy up
before I go onstage if I know it's all
clean show I'll sit down I'll write out
okay this is what I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say this I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna do this now remember that you're
gonna talk about this you're gonna talk
about this gonna talk about this okay
then I get up there I start doing it
they're liking it then I'm like I'm
liking it then I'm thinking shoot
think they can handle a little some
motor nests oh no but it's all playing a
joke I was gonna do oh yeah okay this is
all that other joke I was gonna oh yeah
okay so like it's like constantly kind
of reminding myself and I don't want to
necessarily keep reminding myself that I
got to do to do it this way I want to
just be like BAM I am oh you want
supported oh yeah oh you like just wanna
go you know and I think but I understand
what you're saying and I if I practice
clean more it'll be easier but it's just
like I guess like lifting weights or
learn attracts just I think you know
part of you yeah is this support of you
at this time is in your mind is always
you have you know you have you know the
stuff going through your mind and a lot
of stuff go through your mind I really
know how smart your have billion - are
some of them doesn't come Express on the
stage I mean I seen lot of people that
come in here they don't have half at the
smart you are they go out there they put
see this back this [ __ ] this back I try
to make the time he talked about [ __ ]
he talking Leeteuk with it what you said
the time my daughter have that [ __ ]
what you said that crunchy boys never
said that exception they got that time
you talk about that my joke you talking
about the guy he's talking about his son
doing that he never talked about his
daughter he said if my daughter have a
what the how you use that word family I
never said the word in in that context
the joke was just that you never hear
father bragging about his daughter's
sexual prowess yeah that's my daughter
in there with those 10 guys I'm so
prisoner screaming like a banshee yes
she's just like a mother
yeah what crunchy I know no grandmother
before yeah
god blessed her stretched that great
cobweb [ __ ] of love yes
alright you got it out of me
[Music]
cuz I like fighting with people I had an
ex recently want to meet up with me and
she was like hey I want to get together
and talk okay so I met up with her and
she sat down the first thing she said is
so I have AIDS I know she's like huh
just kidding and I was like oh my god
like thought you had me so worried that
I gave it to you cause you got to phone
them back my dog I just got her I just
got our medical vest so I could take her
everywhere I just pretend like I'm
diabetic
and I'm walking to the store that and
the clerks like ma'am you can't bring
your dog in here I was like yes I can
I'm diabetic this [ __ ] has my insulin I
was like oh yeah is she inject you with
it I was like you're goddamn right she
does I was like oh yeah and how exactly
does she do that ma'am I was like I
don't know I'm unconscious when she does
it
I was like all right welcome to Whole
Foods I got my dog a harness
I got her a harness like a like you know
so she's not choking and uh normally
when I walk my dog and I like people
have questions you know they won't know
what kind of dog is she hold and she is
she a rescue that day I couldn't find
her harness so that they all people
could ask is why is there dildo attached
to her like a lobster harness so I had
to use mine I told my dog for wider than
that I think she took the crap right in
front of the apartment building next to
mine I picked it up was already in the
bag lady pops her head out the window of
the building and she's like your dog
can't poop there she has to be 72 feet
away from residents to poop I was like
that's ridiculous she's like I didn't
smell your dog's poop from inside my
window I was like lady when you [ __ ]
inside I could smell it from in here
just like I'm gonna get you kicked out
of your apartment I was like what is
your problem because it's black not big
enough for two pieces of [ __ ] like
then I swear to God she goes I'm gonna
tell your landlord you're a prostitute I
was like my landlord is one of my best
customers
[Music]
I like to go day-drinking come on
I'm hanging up their day drinkers yeah
[ __ ] day drinkers I'm a night ringer
too one thing about that is you know
when you go day drinking you get home
it's about 6 p.m. and you're hammered
and it's just 6 p.m. can't go back out
can't go to bed you're just [ __ ]
sitting you're texting your grandma like
what the book is oh I put makeup on my
basset hound
twice she was not thrilled with that but
I do things like and the other day I am
for example what ends up happening I
wake up at about 2:00 a.m. because my
calf starts to lock up day drinkers
y'all familiar with this thing when you
dehydrate your body so much that your
[ __ ] starts to [ __ ] lock up on you and
it gets worse and worse and you're like
no no no no yeah and then you're up for
about 4 hours so I did that happened the
other night and I looked on my phone and
I had two notifications on Facebook from
the Kentucky super off-the-books we
don't like interact and I went oh oh he
did I had yellow on Facebook when I was
drunk my phone may need a breathalyzer
and I very clicked on it the first one
and there was a picture of Hunter
starting flicked over hair and backpack
new clothes lunchbox and then right
under it for me Jenny Johnson yeah I'd
hit that
followed by PS tell him to bring the
lunch box I don't even know what that
means
I mean no idea I add to notifications
because she's [ __ ] life - both comas
sweet Jesus girl I'll tell you one more
horrible thing I did day drinking thing
was I thought on Halloween it'd be a
good idea for me to day drink of my
friends at my house and then pass out
candy to children not a good idea until
them and the last trick or treater I had
I decided okay this is it I've told my
first last [ __ ] kid look we're gonna
smoke a bowl like it was really mature
right and I open my front door and there
was a six-year-old boy dressed like
spider-man with the muscles built into
the costume and he even did like [ __ ]
move
you know and I was like weirdest [ __ ]
kid [ __ ] the parents at the end of my
driveway you know were they always like
I want you to know that we're here like
I [ __ ] see you and whose kid is I
should have just given them candy left
but that'd be fun but now boos brain
this is trick-or-treat I give them candy
and then I go there's legal news hey you
want to make your parents laugh
come on in this kid walked into my house
and then I turned around looked as
parents in the eye and went and slammed
the [ __ ] door shut I was laughing my
ass off I'm like I am the funniest but
the kid was like it was funny we made
him laugh I'm like I know right I have a
steep driveway those two [ __ ] made it
up like you would not believe banging on
my door what the hell as long as you
only go on apparently you know what I
came on to me he knocked on my door all
right can I come to your house replic
[ __ ] spider-man no nothing like a
nice cold beer a 10:00 in the morning hi
I'm Emily and if you're jealous of my
beer mugs don't worry you have a chance
to win one as well you just got to
subscribe comment below that you're
subscribed and let us know a funny
original joke and you have a chance to
win this original Laugh Factory beer mug
you better be funny or else you won't
win
[Laughter]
[Music]
the day solidifying my career choices I
thought about it you know some of my
friends were like what show when I said
you guys want to come to my show you
know come out tonight it's gonna be a
great show
they're like what show and I thought
what show at 42 like what show would I
be doing like this you know and then I
thought about it and I was like oh this
career that I chose mildly reminds me of
being a stripper and if you think about
it it kind of is that way like I'm like
standing on the stage staring out at a
bunch of people going what's she doing
up there same you know and I had to
think about like my outfit you know for
tonight and strippers have to do that
you know just like go to work and like
she nails you know you have to think
about your outfit clear heels and those
hurt right so anyone ever worn those no
no strippers here no [ __ ] Halloween
costumes you don't have to think about
your name too and I wouldn't want to
pick a name that would be like a stage
name that sells you want something
you're not getting you know like he or
she comes to the stage it's bulls you
know like know something's bubbly and
I'm like a [ __ ] sports bra so don't
let this fool you
mary-kate Ashley on stage tonight you
know or like a small little round it's
champagne no it's not gonna be my name
either you know I think a good name for
me it would be something like gentlemen
get your doublers out for diamond in the
rough you know and I just kind of
[ __ ] mom danced
thanks for comment you know like I
booked like a new slide like a cheetah's
and Reseda it's like the one campus guy
in the front that always comes waving
his dollar around like a white flag
Thanks
you know and I wouldn't have like a fun
young song either or like let's be fair
I'm not gonna [ __ ] sashe out to some
like Selena Gomez or Drake no I'm gonna
dance out to a song that represents like
what you paid to get you know like like
end of the road from boys to men
let's get strippers something for me you
know we Wilson Phillips hold on one more
day I am and I'm not gonna wear a thong
like let's be fair it doesn't look the
same at 42 as it did it 20 and probably
just like you know we're this you know
conservative sort of pee-wee Herman
meets the 90s suit flats they're
comfortable it's hard to strip you know
and you think I'm gonna bend over for
dollars like oh you know probably oh you
do it okay what it was like garbage
picker things you just be like oh my god
that's so bad I mean I dropped my
[ __ ] iPhone and it's taking me longer
to get it yeah that's like 1,400 bucks
oh your dollar no I just be like yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is Abby Sanchez I am a 100%
Puerto Rican I like to say that off the
top just to clear up any confusion as to
what people might think I am because I
hear Abby's like Aussie Middle Eastern
diamond here Sanchez like he's too tall
to be Mexican
and then black people like he might be
mixed I don't know I get sometimes I'll
give me a second as a white dude and as
long as it's the police I don't really
care like that's why I'm here I got
pulled over one time the cop kinda just
looked and he's like you can go I was
like what is this white privilege cuz
I'm doing all types of white people [ __ ]
now like I went to a farmers market and
I bought cheese I started to leave in
Yelp reviews I'll let my shoes get dirty
as [ __ ]
you know saying like I did real alright
guys [ __ ] all the black people in the
room are gonna laugh at the dirty shoes
there because they know oh yeah that
joke I put up in the Internet and a lot
of like white dude's got mad at me cuz I
was talking [ __ ] about dirty shoes and
like our shoes are dirty because we work
hard not like you blacks and Latinos I
was like oh
went from shoes the [ __ ] racism real
quick that was okay like why do blacks
and Latinos just care about shoes so
much and I thought about it like why do
we care about shoe so much and then I
realized like when you've been oppressed
your whole life and the weight of the
world is on your shoulders and you're
just constantly looking down all you do
is just notice people's shoes oh those
are nice those are [ __ ] up there's a
puddle and you just like keep noticing
[ __ ] as you're slowly being gentrified
out of your neighborhood like that's
that's why have you care about shoes
when you're a white dude you're just
walking like this that dog [ __ ] [ __ ]
I'm so white in America right looking up
the sky like goodbye limitations like
that's
[Music]
you guys on a date anyone anyone on a
date tonight
yes what does it look like because I
don't [ __ ] know I never know if I'm
on a date like I never know what to wear
which is why I usually just throw on a
wedding dress and hope for the best
I don't go veil though I don't want to
freak him out um you know I I do want to
get married one day though I'm not one
of those people that just wants to do it
the one time though like I want to do it
a good six or seven times yeah like this
[ __ ] sounds fun
I don't have fun with my themes like my
first one right out of the gate we're
going Jurassic Park theme all the way
yes thank you it's going to be amazing
I'm going to ride in on a triceratops
sidesaddle cuz I'm a lady
then I'm going to walk down the aisle to
the Jurassic Park theme song and I'm
going to dress up my bridesmaids like
velociraptors just so everyone knows
it's my day I'm gonna look like a
princess those [ __ ] are going to look
like [ __ ] dinosaurs
I'm a ways away from that wedding day
though I'm single are there single
ladies out there
no none perfect thank you see we make
you know when we're out there because we
make a lot of noise we act like we're
very okay with being single in public in
public we're like yeah [ __ ] man I don't
need no man I'm independent I listen to
Beyonce and [ __ ]
I'll cut bangs straight across watch me
on the inside we are one Adele song away
from just losing our [ __ ] folks just
like emotionally eating guacamole or
Krispy Kreme I should not be allowed
within 50 feet of a Krispy Kreme for any
reason donut should really be called do
nots for me because when that hot donut
sign comes on that's like the bat signal
for me folks like I am in my car and
there lickety-split I was there last
Friday night because I'm single and I
order four doughnuts and the woman's
like are you sure you don't make that a
dozen and I'm just like from four really
like that's eight additional donuts
ma'am that's literally triple my order
number one number two you can see them
alone it's Friday night you hear the
Celine Dion [ __ ] don't kick me when I'm
down
but I will take two more crawlers [ __ ]
it give me the Dozen Cathy you know me
esther povitsky lazy dog I I kinda have
like an eating disorder I don't really
know what it's called though it's not
anorexia cuz I may be a supermodel it's
not bulimia because that's great once
you throw your foot up you can never eat
it again that's insane
what's the eating disorder where every
time you see a girl is prettier than you
you eat Nutella out of the jar with your
hand you can't stop and then when it's
all gone you just text an ex-boyfriend a
picture of your ass yeah up there in the
video screen and you like can't get it
good so you're just like [ __ ] it your
Google image sexy ass descended Matt
he's like I don't remember you being
black oh well that's why we had to break
up because you never paid attention I
like to throw food parties that's when
you throw a party and you only invite
food I was going to a food party and my
microwave was broken so I ate a hot
pocket like it was a popsicle and I mean
you can judge me all you want to but
there are people out there eating kale
okay and that's disgusting
okay when I'm a mom one day I'm going to
take good care of my kids and worth the
dinner table and they're not finishing
their food I'm gonna bake listen up
Caitlyn Northwest Gosling okay
[Applause]
listen okay you're gonna finish that
double cheeseburger because there are
women right now in Beverly Hills that
all they have to eat is kale I'm a good
[ __ ] mommy I think the the overalls
are working for you really I can't see
you in anything else that's so good
seriously but do you want Wow
do you ever I have some fuzz up here it
is sweet because after I do my set I
like to like run in a corner and like
put cupcakes in my mouth like that but
you're not really a big eater cuz you're
very petite well I eat a lot and I make
up for it and like self-hatred and and
that burns up calories yeah burns a lot
of calories what time you have to be
home tonight you drive I'm 25 yeah I
Drive but I don't like to I bet you have
a tremendous amount of road rage no no
nothing did you mad no I stay very calm
my car so that's like a sacred place to
make that's where I eat most of my meals
was the last time you really got decked
out it was at the problem um no I went
to a party but she's clean up real nice
oh thank you
well this girl the movie with the
glasses and then you know this is me
cleaned up there high tech just got out
of the shower works alright you live in
an apartment house an apartment house
yeah and you like your neighbors I don't
really know my neighbors you don't want
to know them no it'd be best not to know
them are they loud no but I feel like if
I'm loud it's probably easy for them if
they can't put a face to the noise
I was just reading that Brad Pitt has
that disease or he can't recognize
people's faces thinking about that like
if I saw you again after tonight I
wouldn't recognize you I feel like
that's not really a real thing it's just
like you're mean I feel like I'm playing
are you smarter than a 5th grader esther
povitsky lady yeah
oh that's key thank you
[Applause]
my name is even difficult for Indian
people to say my name is Pallavi Kavita
gunawan my dad's name is Concha put um
notch in canal in and I'll tell you
right now that just our names are our
passwords for everything good luck
[ __ ] you guys ain't gonna figure that
[ __ ] out our names are horrible for
social media but amazing on resumes
sometimes I just turn in a blank sheet
with my name on it and they're like
you're hired
doctor get in here more syllables I
don't know if they do that okay you guys
I turned 30 oh my god oh my god stop
start stop you're embarrassing me I
turned 30 and on my 30th birthday my
older brother had the audacity to call
me wish me happy birthday and tell me if
not now in the next year or two I'm
gonna have to freeze my eggs on my
[ __ ] birthday you guys do you know
how much it costs to freeze your eggs
somebody yell it out that [ __ ] is over
30 it costs $10,000 to freeze your eggs
my brother expects me to freeze my eggs
when I can't even afford a freezer how
dare he
I actually recently have been having the
urge to go visit my family in the same
way that a cat has the urge to go to the
woods and die like what's happening in
my body I don't know though I feel like
I feel like I feel like white people
really figured out how to abandon their
families see they're out of it there's
always one clapping they just dust
pulled their way from Kentucky all the
way to California
and just let those [ __ ] behind white
people taught me that you could be on a
family plan and never use it to call
your family
white people definitely came up with the
phrase friends or the family you choose
that is some white [ __ ] for Indian
people family are the stalkers we hit
huh that's why we can't we can't get rid
of them that's why there are no Indian
serial killers right our aunties would
be all up in our business they'd see the
whole thing and they'd be like pretty I
would have buried the bodies deeper hood
she would have done it better
you look so fat doing it
I I always talk about white people
during my set but it's only because you
guys fascinate me you amaze me
white people do [ __ ] I would never even
think to do right like white people will
put their grandma in a home and then
rescue a dog their grandma's fine with
it she's just like yeah well the cats
are getting the inheritance
oh she's popping pills and fluffy has a
401k what's happening in your household
I don't know why people you guys you
just don't play by the rules like even
the stereotypes about white people don't
make sense right like there's a
stereotype about white people
and that stereotype is that white people
kiss their pets no how is there a
stereotype where white people kiss their
pets when neither of you have lips ha
how do you do it don't get mad at that
joke though cuz then your lips just
disappear like
[Music]
[Laughter]
laughs [ __ ] there we go
got her
[Music]
I got stopped drinking and drugging
Kazan I used to pop a lot of ecstasy I
don't know if anybody before me
it's the best [ __ ] drug ever man
ecstasy is a [ __ ] because it makes
everything feel great everything like a
bar got shot I want to be Ani that's how
good a food there's so why come it's you
like shot more often
[Music]
Thank You Susan [ __ ]
the problem with ecstasy though is that
has you believe you're doing stuff
you're not really doing like I was at a
club one time I'm not gonna swarm then I
was on a dance floor for like an hour
and a half just killing out thought I
was doing every choreographed dance in
existence until I had my friends coming
to me like yeah why are you not dancing
like you didn't just see me on a dance
floor robot named Nate and everything
then apparently I was just doing this
[ __ ]
I love people I love characters I love
all of it because I used to work in
customer service
that'll [ __ ] humble yeah oh yeah I
used to be a waitress till my [ __ ]
head exploded
I can't say where I used to work but it
rhymes a cheapskate factory but mama has
mood swings especially because they make
you wear all white they want you look
like a fat piece of [ __ ] cheesecake
every time I walk up Tamara my making
you hungry
you want a piece at six thousand but
you're gonna hate it anyway oh we had
the craziest hostess she had a laugh
like a machine gun
so when you first walk into it down at
the door ticket don't see them in my
section now they're shot they're
bleeding
oh god people favorite people to wait on
people with food allergies oh [ __ ]
yourself
oh they're terrific this woman was like
excuse me is there any gluten in the
eggs benedict I'm like ma'am I'm not a
scientist I'm a [ __ ] waitress doing a
fairy I'm a food allergy pack a lunch
that's a waitress clapping waitress
right there I see you I see you just
like Michelle said I see you Oh God
cuz what do you want me to do you want
me to go in the back and next to Mexican
cook couldn't speak English you know
it's true wait what a weird line put the
salad down where you going wailing never
told me that one minute
what
so confident I love them so confident
they could have half an eye half a penis
I don't what you need you know that guy
this one busboy I was like creatine ro
you wanna make dick who you are I give
you whatever you want I was like aren't
you married
he's like sometimes [ __ ] so then he
got mad at me cuz I wouldn't go on a
date with him so he's telling me have a
big ass all day
he was like condi condi condi he's like
no no no I'm like your fellas [ __ ] Jorge
you're three feet tall you know there's
no way it's big he goes ok ok ok but
good linguistic all right oh stop it we
can joke about [ __ ] all day but
don't you dare talking about eating
so so that's my name is Helen which i
think is the third most unfuckable name
can we all agree I think it goes a
Mildred and then Gertrude then Helen as
far as totally unfuckable names which
was terrible when I was single because
it's hard to flirt with men when you're
like hi I'm Helen not inspired humping
at all because it's a grandma name right
everybody's grandmother's name is Helen
and for some reason all young Asian
women we all have old white lady names
if you notice this we're all like Helen
or Esther or pearl some [ __ ] like
that
it's like our immigrant parents got
their hands on a baby name book from the
1920s and they're like my dad was like
Oh
[Laughter]
here's the thing about the name hell in
there have only been two really famous
Helens in all of history right one of
them was the most beautiful woman in the
world Helen of Troy and the other famous
Helen was blind deaf and dumb
guess which Helen I'm named after not
the hot one so when I asked my dad I'm
like dad why would you name me after
someone who's so severely handicapped it
goes Oh Helen I want you to overcome any
adversity I wanted to name you Stephen
Hawking but mommy said no
[Music]
I have 21 nieces and nephews we're Irish
Catholic a lot of you know cold winters
back there and 21 nieces and nephews
nobody tells any of them the truth I did
told my little niece Hannah the other
day I'm like Hannah you know Christy's
gonna tell you something nobody's gonna
tell you no mommy and daddy are getting
a divorce because you didn't clean your
room my mom's getting on me about that
why can't you get me some grandkids like
your sisters yet because I don't like
the taste of tequila backseat of your
station wagon was very uncomfortable
having kids I can barely find it mate
longest relationship I had was two years
that was that was with Sprint could not
hold on to that I dropped the cellphone
in a port-a-potty he had done that drop
the phone in the toilet
not as come on somebody has did you fish
it out thank you it was a woman to eat
I'm one of those girls do I don't touch
anything in the bathroom that bone went
in there it was a bored of potty I
didn't even take a second off with my
bare feet well the toilet paper my arm
Michelin woman oh that's not it
pull it up wrapped it up in plastic went
into the sprint storm like just glue
work and and the kids unwrapping it he's
touching it all over I got that dog
eating browse he's looking at it looks
like you got water damage for you
getting shitty service
this for two years goodness
[Music]
[ __ ] up plays I'm from Boston also
sometimes awesome and the [ __ ] house
you guys are so well-behaved from being
from Boston I have never been prouder
[Applause]
never mind
all right you know what we [ __ ] got
it you know she [ __ ] knew it she know
it so then blossom as you probably know
they know it
they don't give a [ __ ] what you be you
can be as fat as you want and when I
came out here I was like oh [ __ ] you
can't lose I got [ __ ] up and it's
really [ __ ] up because there's all
this pressure in LA to be skinny but
then there's so many in and out the
[ __ ] up with that doesn't really seem
fair
so it's hard to get ladies in LA you
know when you have ones in series ood
and that I get called sir a lot okay I
might now I mean that only difficult
sure it's a recurrent thing in my life
like my poor nephews when I take them
out no one thinks I'm there on TV like
everyone hangs on their uncle Abe okay
on their big sport so I took my two by
two necklaces Disneyland for the first
time I my oldest nephew was 12 so he's a
[ __ ] [ __ ]
as we're going into dis and Ezra taking
everyone's tickets or that gives your
boy that they say welcome a prince and a
career girl your journey awaits princess
everybody is either prince or princess
oh boy this should be fun I love / my
nephew's already noticed what's going on
he's amped up he's like
[Laughter]
so they both go through right this way
Brits Thank You Prince and I got to the
guy I'm shaking he looks up he's like oh
[ __ ]
like suddenly we're in this together you
know and look at the shop for us I'm
shaking me shakin then he takes my
ticket because welcome Jedi thank y'all
so much I may be Cassidy but a lot of
fat
[Applause]
[Music]
what is up thank you all for having me
thank you so much for being here
thank you
thank you for giving me an opportunity
to wear a bra for the first time in
three weeks thank you
yes
oh my god i want an entire year without
wearing a bra and honestly i'm looking
around and i feel like some of you dudes
should be wearing a bra for the first
time
you know what i'm talking about yes that
kovid 15 turned into coven 75 for some
of y'all okay
you know hey
don't get offended okay some of you this
is a problem some of you have put on
more weight during covid than melania
during missionary okay it's a it's a
problem okay seriously guys stop you all
need to stop appropriating the body
positivity movement
it is not for you it's for me and lizzo
that's it that's it okay
for real come on okay i i'm sorry i'm
going hard on the fat shaming but like
for real like you cannot claim dad bod
if you're not a dad okay
stop it okay and i know none of you are
dads none of you even want to be baby
daddies out here okay
it's true i've done the research okay
none of you nobody in la wants to be a
baby daddy on purpose like it's not
happening seriously nobody wants to be a
baby daddy in this town like it's so
hard even the ugly guys are pulling out
like what
is the problem no honestly like okay
i'm done i'm not gonna fat shame any of
you because for a lot of you fellas
man boobs are the most personal growth
you'll see this year and uh
congratulations yes for man boobs yes
i'm looking at you got some nice double
a's there all right cool
[Music]
you
hey guys I what's going on a little bit
about me I have been seeing somebody for
the past year a long time little over a
year one year one year one whole year
and he is still never called me his
girlfriend 13 months still Manas
girlfriend we we have sex and he comes
in my mouth Fanny calms me dude yeah you
gotta lyrics sing it with me
we have sex with [ __ ] in my mouth and I'm
still dude for a year you know it's a
good one singing through the kids when
you get home whatever you know it's 2019
I guess nothing needs a [ __ ] leg well
here we are you just go with it cuz
you're a chill girl
but Jill what I am me and uh me and my
bud we're hanging out recently my but
Mike um but yeah that's what we do we
are bugs that come together so we're
hanging out and we're talking it's sweet
and he says hey can I tell you something
I was like you know of course anything
he says okay I just gotta let you know
that sometimes I can see your mustache
oh what's that do i oh
and then I thought about I was like
whatever who cares who cares if I have a
mustache or a unibrow or nipple hair or
what ever because this is my face this
is my body yeah and if you don't like it
then you can tell me everything else you
don't like about it I will change it
immediately yes
hello I will I the way that I look I
swear a hundred percent I am a product
of every compliment I've ever gone and
that's it
I wore my eyeliner like this once in
middle school and a guy was like all
right hot now I was like okay I guess
that's a little bit this forever now
that's the hottest I'll ever be after he
said that though I was like I guess I
gotta go get my moustache wax because he
doesn't like that and that's what I do
so I I went to where do you go to get
your face wax
Supercuts thank you yeah went there I
don't know I've never had anything waxed
before so I tried it on in I was like
this looks active please walk in there
and also yeah you got a situation do you
wax faces and some woman came out of the
back and she was like yup and I was like
no not you know and then she pinned me
down and ripped a waxing strip off of
her back I think you know ladies you've
been there alright puts it on my lip
rips it off and immediately I break out
into this horrible pimply rash right
away and I the next day I am fussing you
know bundle is no puss lit in full bloom
I walk into work my coworker comes up to
me and she's like hey Gabby what girl
that's why Gabi do you have herpes and I
was like what yeah of course I do but
that's not what
[Laughter]
[Music]
I actually sing opera not the kind that
you're imagining I sing what I call hip
hopera rap songs and the style of opera
the last time I sung this it was so loud
that my downstairs neighbor texted me
afterwards and all it said was do you
hate me do you guys want to hear it
ooh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you so I'm single
[Music]
I want to be I want to be a positive
image to people right I have a little
sister she's seven that's a big age
group when I take her out people assume
she's my kids they're always like oh
she's such a shame to the baby so young
who's the father I'm like I don't know
my dad
stop asking questions really quickly
now he wants to send her to a private
school which i think is stupid I was
like dad I went to public school I'm
perfect I'm just like everybody else in
America mildly depressed the fake gluten
allergy okay I am killing it but he
thinks the public schools teach that
America is a racist country and I was
like dad it is I don't know where you've
been but I love doing a classroom where
our teachers explaining racism to
five-year-olds and she's just like okay
kids today we're going to learn about
the colors using our 64 crayon the box
now that's yellow that's the color of
the Sun and that's blue that's the color
of the sky and that's black that's the
color of oppression you see how the
black crowns look tiny nothing has been
used over and over and over again but
all the other crayons are then try to
dig down deep in the box to get it but
you can't help down by crack cocaine
within its community then you're like oh
I'll use the white crayon it's perfect
it's Christine the Nehru it's the
shittiest crayon in the box
Kevin marking the [ __ ] paper sit here
still time dig that in get it as I go
[ __ ] can I use the brown crayon does the
same job up for cheaper
anyway they shoot me to the school in
the valley right and I make I'll make me
some friends amber and Samantha we're
totally hanging out right and ranch in
class and I'm like totally like
showering and they're like oh my god
Tiffany your bush it's like ridiculous
is like a double bucket down there I'm
like I'm like what's it oh my god it's
gonna be so great it's gonna be you're
you're gonna love the way your monkey
looks after this is where the guy so I'm
like okay cool so they take me to the
spa and stuff and not a little Asian
lady come up and she put the wax on it's
all warm I'm like oh that's mine
she put the paper on it she pressed down
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll pick the paper up put this [ __ ]
back I walked out of that [ __ ]
with a faint I just had one ball just
one bar coochie bit I hope you like
designs
[Music]
sorry when a paltrow did you guys here
with one encounter said about Roe
Gweneth Paltrow thinks that it's going
to be a fun and exciting four years
yeah clearly [ __ ] clearly get out
uses you want to do with that afternoon
that was your climbing with Redman I was
good that was really [ __ ] good she
can afford it to I mean and then she can
fix her teeth after it's a win-win it's
a [ __ ] win-win but no so when she said
that I was like [ __ ] off like that just
to me proved that the only movie we
enjoyed Gwyneth Paltrow in was seven one
person uh her head wise up in a box
that's fabulous
watch it and then she's got that website
that [ __ ] goop website where she
gives you like a of lifestyle advice
that no woman should ever take [ __ ]
ever
her latest entry was on jade eggs
which I had to I had to google it to
Jade eggs
it's a polished rock that gwenna thinks
we women should put up inside our
vaginas and leave it overnight to
increase our sex drive now when I read
that I was like look if I want to put a
rock in my [ __ ] it's going to be a
professional wrestler hey guys what's up
it's me Emily again did you miss me
while I'm here to announce the winner of
this limited edition laugh act Revere
mug and the winner is
it's mr. skills with his joke what do
you call a cow that has no legs ground
beef oh my gosh
ha ha ha good one
you
I wish I had the same confidence levels
really drunk homeless man crossing a
very busy street have you ever seen them
- like [ __ ] nope I'm going and
they're on a mission but they have
nowhere to be
let me decided be a dick and they
backtrack I stopped right in front of
your car and they certain lecturing you
they're like red light red like your
sins and you're like you know what look
he's not wrong I am a sinner
find that confidence level I wouldn't be
such a pushover cuz I am I'm a pushover
say yes everything sir I'm going on a
cleanse next week you just wait Dave for
this will be so loose baby baby actually
you have no threat at all
it's been a while since toilet paper is
napping the last thing to touch me
[Music]
two years okay so my friends are
concerned my family is concerned the
only person that concerned is me doesn't
matter
sorry I actually have learned a lot
about my body parts not being sexually
active I can use these for other things
I don't need a nice bowl of cereal right
read a book right I think I'd be pissed
off at this point if someone were to try
to hook up with me they come right for
them I beg you oh what the [ __ ]
I don't go into your kitchen and destroy
your table good
getting breakfast tomorrow Jim as I say
that everyone is concerned so I'm back
on tinder and guys are swiping right
they are but not for the reasons you
think they're swiping right to tell me
things and let me give you an example
this guy swiped right and he was like yo
you got kitesurfing arms I was like are
you asking me to go kitesurfing
he was like nope the end of the day one
of the photos I was bring an Indiana
University sweatshirt okay one was
wearing an Indiana University sweatshirt
and some guys swipe dry and he was like
yo Mike husband went to Indiana
University I was like that's amazing
want to grab a drink he was a busy okay
I guess I know have pets and puppies
feel at the pet store when you walk
straight up to their cage to just read
the things about them you're like spike
he's got spots he's cute and cuddly and
adopt me and then you're like
pocket
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
yeah now I'm gonna throw a little
curveball at you something you're not
gonna see coming I'm an alcoholic it's
true it's a fact and I recently got
sober I did I recently got sober and
getting sober really has you reflect on
your life like what you used to be like
first what you're like now you know like
I used to get really excited about
two-for-one happy hour and now I get
excited about a free pen because those
therapists they got that good ink you
know that fancy grip I used to uh I used
to pee the bed I used to pee next to the
bed one time I got so drunk I sat on the
wine rack and I peed in the kitchen
and now I pee in the toilet yeah like an
animal it's inconvenient but I do it
once you open the floodgates and tell
everybody that you're sober they'd like
to ask you all these questions like but
you're a bartender how does that work
like imagine realizing I'm sober and now
I have a [ __ ] superpower mind-control
[ __ ] Jesus then they ask do you
miss it
do you miss recently kidding me every
goddamn day the other day I got
lightheaded from a cold brew I was like
can I just have this just for a minute
everybody's trying to feed me water no
no no no I'm good I just want to walk
this one around a little bit the other
out have a filter in a minute spend a
couple months the old me
the last ones like are you sure make
sure you're not now this one sticks with
you because you're like oh
after all it should I just told you are
you sure are you sure and then it's like
the universe comes down in the form of a
facebook status update and it says left
my phone at the bar again if you need me
I'll be at the bar again
[Music]
and you're like
[Music]
otama be in puerto rican i was also a
fat child growing up i thought a fat
[ __ ]
and like I wasn't even I had like piles
a confident fat kid cuz I knew no one
was gonna kidnap me like I was 10 years
old 180 pounds you ain't gonna take me
off the street like try to pick me up I
just go dead weight on that ass like you
see a guy dragging a fat kid that looks
suspicious like they're like nah I'll
stick to those skinny sexy ones they're
easy to grab like crazy and I know like
you weren't gonna get me in the van with
just a piece of candy I had candy on me
already like I could be impressed you
got a fun size Snickers I mean one that
one a pound Hershey Kisses like an apple
like [ __ ] out of here some biscuits and
ribs in that van and maybe I'll join
their ass
the only things that bothered me about
being a fat kid or like especially like
in gym class like the stereotypical
thing like we always get picked last
like that shit's true as a fat kid being
in gym class I felt like that first
slice of bread in a new loaf you look
but we're kind of like pants over there
we'll just keep picking at the good
bread and I'm standing like man I can
play dodge ball and good bread and
brother magnitude that's why now
whenever I buy bread I'll eat that slice
first cuz I know what it feels like
let me tell you something about that
piece of bread it's [ __ ] terrible
don't eat it like why is it in the bag
it's all dry it's class it's all cross
[Music]
I get that I'm annoying I know that like
I know people see me and they're like oh
she's gonna want to talk to the manager
like I know I definitely look like I've
complained at a Panera I get my vibe I
do I'm an annoying white one I have the
worst white woman voice it's tear
everything I say sounds like a complaint
all of it even when I'm happy I feel
like holding on is such a fun shirt and
everyone just here is this one all says
grow I've been schooled and all the best
white woman ways I was in a sorority in
college you're like we know that it was
fun I liked it I got thrown out so
that's better
right okay good now you're like we're
back with this con uh yeah I can say
that I marched I didn't I was in Palm
Springs but I walked around so I liked
the sorority until I got thrown out and
I knew I was in trouble because I got
called in front of the Executive Board
which is just like for blonde girls
named Katie so I go in and I was like I
promise I'll lose weight and they're
like great start not where you're here
and then I had to do the rest of the
meeting on an elliptical they told me I
was being thrown out because I started
to exhibit behavior that was overly
indulgent in men and alcohol
so like okay where do I pick up my
trophy like that's what you're throwing
me out for for booze and boys that's the
whole reason I joined the sorority those
are the pillars of sisterhood
it's like throwing someone out of a
country club for being too good at golf
and inadvertent racism what I'm the best
[Music]
I want to be somebody when I grow up
I want to be I want to be I want to be a huge star not physically, but I want to be big
I Want to be like the next Halle Berry Jim Carrey with that oprah Winfrey money you know mother rich
Lotta people ask me. Oh tiffany. Why do you do comedy? Why are you comedy?
Why why why don't you model get a rich baby daddy or something? I'm like bitch, if comedy. Don't work out. That's what the f**k I'm gonna do
I'mma go ahead and get pregnant collect child before it like the rest of these bitches out here f**k it.
Nothing wrong with it right you do it
It's nothing wrong with it, and I'm gonna have a couple of different baby daddies. I'm gonna have like four or five different ones
That's four, five different checks coming in that's good money
Thats good money coming in I'm one of all difference. I'm gonna have each one a different race
I'm definitely gon have to have me a white one because I know my checks gon come on time. I'ma probably get two of those.
two white baby daddies and then get me a
Hispanic baby, Daddy because he can build a house for me in the rest of theses motherf**kers
We gon start out in the studio apartment. He gonna add 25 bedroom
There's going to be met our kids and all his ancestors
So we gon have it poppin .
Who's the biggest celebrity that you would like to meet. that I would like to meet yeah
That's alive?
You don't want to meet somebody dead
Yeah, so yeah
Somebody live right now somebody alive that I can meet right now and meet like what do you mean by meet like this week?
We're always like oh, you will we help my career model
Yes, Ouma Thurmond. I will fuck your
16 if it is coming about right, and I may I'll make me some friends Amber and Samantha
We're totally hanging out right and ruin gym class, and I'm like totally like showering, and they're like oh my God
Tiffany your bush. It's like ridiculous is like a total monkey down there. Oh my God
Nobody's going to ever eat your burger. Oh
My God, no you have to get that wax. I'm like wax. What's brush - oh my God. It's going to be so bright
It's going to be you're you're going to love the way your monkey looks after that. I swear the guys
So I'm like okay cool. So they take me to the spa and stuff another little asian lady come up
And she put the wax on it's all warm. I'm like. Oh, that's mine
I'm kind of cool. She put the paper on this you press down kind of my damn bitch
I'll take the pain Trouble I
Walked out of there motherfucker with a faint. I don't have white ball dance with one bar to tune it right I?
hope you like design I
Know you very well, and I just met you I know that you are very shy
I am and and this has just decided you that's like and whenever I get a microphone in my anything in my anything that anything
You are referring you are in this business for the right to see you are your you know exactly what may be said, Mecca Empire
You're in it to win it to
Empire oh
for a pyre
Oprah hi. How did oprah become so successful is she a role model for you? She is as you are following in her footsteps
Because you are what you look at to the people?
Look at how you connect with all these white folks I?
know how to cross the color line
That's living with all of my people when I was in foster care daytime
Shit, I can't read
Only know how to talk in fuck begging you know you can only do that for so long
Y'all don't get higher than sir the talk initiation
She got that sitter you just like a nigga copyedit
It's important to suck dick so like that right man. Isn't that important for you guys went?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I learned how to do that shit off a gay porn as I learned
That be choking on it and stuff. Y'all like it wait show you how to talk a little bit on the bigger never know
You won't kill me with all this shit
Even when the Asian man is a little harder you do
Asian boob. I love asian dudes cuz I got magical powers
Something I don't know this is a guy guy y'all magic. He said I can't get you know, but I can give you mathematic
Y'all got superpowers men salut right here this background right here
Mmmmm, hey
Y'all quran and what wish y'all via to me?
Chinese oh yeah, got super magic y'all got the fun choice
Whoever had the first way before I girl oh my God, I got super oh my goodness
The only man you don't even have to take your clothes off and they just later
And you lay down on your back and they put their hands right here over your bellybutton everything
That goes in like there, and you like oh, oh, oh oh, Mr.. Kim. Oh
Let me go my cue from chop suey or something his mother making some orange chicken
Yeah, I'm still cute
Tummy, I'm looking at me like why she got that little sparkly ass bag. What's up? It's a little bag
That's the cannon of the last part with her uh I carry my little pocketbooks with me everywhere. I go because
Why do I mean republicans just people in general they feel?
May be stealing that's how we got here right, so I people come the two of us. That's in here
How we got here right because why people can place told us they kidnapped us we could be in Africa right now with our titties
out like
on Tiger fucking walking tigers mischievous
We I'm here in America, and I'm glad I'm happy. I'm here
I appreciate all the white people in Spanish people that sold us remember to thank you
that fits you not free
You sold me to this
Why is black people named Pablo I?
Kidnapped up to don't don't get it twisted
One time I said that at a show on the girl going yellow
I some of us was trading for beads Amira's all of us wasn't kidnapped. I was like bitch
You was traded for beads and mirrors okay cuz no ass is ugly as hell
My people were kidnapped. We are fucking beautiful, bitch
Let's not jump ahead and took
They went up to y'all motherfucking chief and was like can we have some of your people he was like
Yes, take all the ugly bitches give us mirror. We reflect on these ugly hoes and
That is what happened
Ladies you ever wear some jeans so tight when you take them off it still looked like you got jeans on and you do be
Like take off your pants be like I did take off my pants be like a what's up with the pockets in the back
Motherfucker got his ass soozee. It supposed to have ripples and dance swimming and stuff. That's what make the sound effects dummy
And men let them sound effects don't they they let at that point I?
Can't really do it with my mouth, but my ass does it great
Now I'm saying it fuck they love that lady's liver the first time he was doing the doggy style
And he was liking me it dude hitting from the back and you just like oh my God you hit me like oh my God
This is amazing
I don't even have to look at him or nothing
This is so good. Oh my goodness
Hope is no don't look don't fuck it up. Don't fuck it up anything
Oh my God, this is so good. Oh, oh
And I don't know the first time for me. It was so good
I started to raise up like a black swan ass on my raise up on my tippy toe this shit like I
and in all of a sudden
And I didn't know what to do
I didn't know whether the lab screen cry get up and fucking run the first time it happened to me
I just buried my face in a pillow like oxygen threw my ass back real fast like you turn the nitro on that shit
Y'all know what I'm talking about like
that cleve
Why don't nobody tell you why don't they tell you in health class that this could happen nobody tells you this?
When you younger that this is possible to happen the first time to happen so you just fucking happens
It's like a surprise. They don't sit you down the health class and go ladies
There'll be a time when you're having sex and a man will be penetrating your vagina
repeatedly and as he's doing that he'll be pumping air in there and
Once you relax there'll be a sound that comes out. That sounds a little something like this
Don't become alarmed. It's natural you're just relaxing
It'll tell you that none of your friends
Tell you none of your girlfriend's does having sex before you tell you none of your friends like girl
I was doing it to hector yesterday. He had my pussy be boxing, bitch. Yeah, my feel like
Tell you that
Just happens and men love it when they hear that sound all it's like magic to them is like. Oh yeah. Oh yeah
That's what Daddy want to hear so that
if it's other plumbing that
So I live in a lot of different foster homes
I got to move around and live with a lot of different kind of families
And I'm so happy because it molded me into the person that I am today and like my very first foster family
They were hispanic right so I learned how to speak Spanish in mucho, Gusto
De Nada me incontinence and again so she knows tacos Papi Chulo and commend me for not sure I
always have fun when I say that it makes the cup I
also, learned how to make tamales and cut grass delivered babies
And I can make the kids in yellow dress like an ain't nobody motherfucking business
Okay, I'm a real same street, bitch
then I got to live with a Jewish family and I was afraid because the Mexicans told me what they did to jesus and
Your marinate on that one
But it was cool, because they were so kind to me. They do me about Mitzvahs. I had a big party
I never had a party before I got circumcised it was great
Now when I walk fast it feels really fucking good because there's no hurry to my mother thing
real emission bitch
Anybody that knows what the clitoris is supposed to look like knows. What the fuck. I'm talking about
This little jacket over at the little hood
If I walk fast, I don't need no man as well try to never
Cry smile so much this last mile. It's good being judith
and I do like romance - kiss you you
throw up I do like romance I do I like
romantic movies you guys into I okay one
girl I do like romantic movies the
problem that I have with them is that
they set us up for false expectations
and real-life relationships they do like
when I was little I saw the Beauty and
the Beast and I loved it
you know bill this beautiful young woman
falls in love with this disgusting piece
of [ __ ] hairy beasts but with enough
love and time and patience the Beast
transforms into an amazing loving doting
man and that's so cool was so romantic
because it's like in real life you meet
this amazing loving dodi man and with
enough love and time and patience
he transforms into a disgusting piece of
[ __ ] hairy beast and then maybe one
night you guys about with your friends
and you have too much to drink he says a
couple of weird things at dinner and
then you come home later on and I like
hate you I'm talking called my friend a
[ __ ] like five times a day and he's
like oh you're gonna tell me that I'm
alcoholic just like my dad this is not
what DC sent me up for when I was 13 I
saw the notebook you guys know
my favorite scene in the movies in the
very beginning when the two lead
characters are at a carnival and the
girl gets onto a ferris wheel she's with
her friend and they're riding the ferris
wheel having a good time and Ryan
Gosling sees her and he scales the
ferris wheel like you [ __ ] maniac you
remember this yeah yeah and then you
asked her out he's like please go out
with me I just I don't wanna go out with
you and when I saw that I was like yes
love that I want you know somebody who
will scale the ferris wheel for me
that's the kind of notebook moment I
want in my life
couple of years later I'm 16 years old
and I'm at the Del Mar fair in San Diego
and I'm with a guy that I have a big fat
crush on we get onto the ferris wheel
and I'm like oh it's my notebook moment
about to have
we get Tommy to the top of the ferris
wheel the Sun is going down he looks at
me and he says hey you look great
do you think you could suck my dick up
here
[Applause]
how could I not
it was my notebook moment I am a
hopeless romantic thank you guys so much
you be brave
[Applause]
[Music]
I tried it I try to get as much sleep as
I can but my husband I use that term
loosely buyer's remorse listen I have
time to shave my legs for somebody else
I'm stuck whatever it's fine I'm driving
fine it'll do I told him I'd go look I
had a 10-pound baby you broke it you
bought it
he's he snores right so for some reason
I take it personally I feel like when he
snores he's doing it like it's a
personal attack like like he's trying to
break my spirits like Chinese water
torture you know drip drip drip but
instead it's just I think he's asleep
half the time I think he's like his eyes
are halfway closed and he's like it is
different types of snores some of them
are like an 84 Chevy you know like it's
flooding the engine and then other times
he sounds like a sick elephant or
something that just a snore it's more
just like a
what is that coming out
I used to do a lot of online dating I
was on a dating app called uber first of
all the man has a car half the battle
you know and he's picking you up so
chivalry is not dead now yeah it's
getting there hmm
that I don't trust me I don't trust you
one bit don't trust sorry on his dad I'm
sorry just gonna say it I don't trust
men because if Beyonce he's being
cheated on been no woman's safe jay-z
cheated on beautiful Beyonce and then
Beyonce created a one-hour revenge film
called lemonade if my man cheated on me
I would just destroy all over IKEA
furniture
I'd be like do you see this $12
nightstand that took us six hours to
build I'm gonna destroy it in one second
just but not Beyonce Beyonce created
lemonade and for those of you who never
saw it all of her songs they sounded
exactly the same they were all just like
you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me you [ __ ] [ __ ]
on me track 5 you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me
track 12
you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me Serena Williams
came out she was like
at the end of lemonade jay-z made an
appearance he came out he was like looks
today they sorry BAE
no one got mad at jay-z when he cheated
they all got mad at the mistress they
got mad at this woman named Rachel Roy
but some of the Beyonce fans they heard
it wrong they started getting mad at
Rachel Ray the cook
can you imagine she's just in her
kitchen she's cooking up her frittata
oh the Sun she's getting all these
tweets like you're a [ __ ] and [ __ ] like
that I had too much salt
[Music]
things that are that are real and like
honest and who they are I think as I
struggled with that my whole life like
this Who am I I don't know who I am
trying to figure it out like I'm wearing
a boy's t-shirt I don't know I don't
know it for you
I do and you see it with like not just
with people but with like businesses
where they try to be like fancy and you
know they're like just a [ __ ] and
like you can see with like strip clubs
right because like you'll see like strip
clubs that are just like super shitty
and they'll have signs and say like live
nude girls cuz they just specify the
girls inside are live and not dead not
yet anyway and it's like I respect that
cuz they're like their strip club right
own it I like that but then where I call
[ __ ] is where you see the strip
clubs they have signs that say
gentlemen's club you guys see these
signs right it's like gentlemen's club
really guys the jig it up okay we're a
bunch of herbs in there
visit ranks top hat
can we take down the sign gentlemen's
club because like we live in a society
like there aren't gentlemen anymore
right because like gentlemen went down
on the Titanic not a single mom trying
to make a living I think the only way we
could get away with using the phrase
like gentlemen's club today would just
be because some dude was holding back a
strippers hair when she's starting toke
off the back of a toilet she comes out
of the bathroom song like oh my god he
was such a gentleman the other girl
compassion flake gentlemen's club oh my
god club my god
like it's a weird time to be a girl but
it's especially hard like it's hard for
me to get mad when men objectify women
when I just know that women objectify
men all the time like and I know because
I've done it it's just by different
standards like I think dudes would get
whistled at on the street just as much
as women do if they had their 401k taped
to there but really what is that a 4%
interest rate I mean I can't whistle but
you guys get hurt certainly thank you
sir we'll fix it in post I appreciate it
cuz here's the thing man like I was in a
bar recently with one of my female
friends and she was dressed all pretty
and then this guy came up to her and he
was like excuse me miss you have lovely
titties yeah okay that was my reaction
like I started dying I mean I was
laughing sorry but she got so mad she
was like whoa uh you don't even know me
and I was like well hold on a second
women do their version of that all the
time to guys but instead of nice titties
they say what do you do for a living
it's the same thing but dude so snapback
like whoa you don't even know me they're
just like oh no I manage the Chili's
around the corner by the way you have
lovely titties I just think that like
genders have advantages in different
ways and it's always been like that and
I get it it sucks like I understand it
blows that men of all the power in the
workplace that sucks but you know where
women have all the power
court and that's a lot of power that
we're not talking about like in 2019
women have so much power I could
probably get custody of a child that
isn't even mine
it'd be like yeah yeah but vagina just
take the kid why are we having this
conversation can't we go to Chili's or
something I'm hungry then I watched
Forensic Files after that does the news
ever stress you out so much you have to
watch Forensic Files afterwards to calm
down I watched so much of that show I'm
like addicted and I get so cocky when I
watch it to like I feel like I can solve
any murder now if it opens on a woman
being like I love Tim I'm like that
[ __ ] did it come on you can't fool me
what are we doing here
it's a wrap you know but here's what I
learned guys like after watching all
this stuff if you want to get away with
murder just don't come on anything and
you're pretty safe I mean I know it's a
lot to ask but you'd be amazed what
happens if you just like outside the
crime scene just wait like 10 minutes
you grow wings that's unbelievable I was
watching this one this dude was like
how'd you find me
they were like sir you literally sprayed
your address on the Ottoman
[Music]
I get a very sensitive when people ask
me about my life back in Russia like the
Russian people called russian dressing
american dressing no we call it
disgusting
or growing up what did you typically do
on Christmas Day we did what we did
every day cry because we lived in Russia
a part of it is that Russian idea of
being poor an American idea of being
poor a very difference like my friend
Stacy was telling me oh my god Irina on
my 10th birthday I cried so much because
my family couldn't afford a pony like
yeah totally
on my 10th birthday I cried so much
because we had to eat the pony
American parenting is also very
different guys it blows my mind how much
people here like to baby their children
every time I have a comedy show I mean
people drop like flies it's usually like
tonight Joey is 15
in Russia Joey would be a colonel in the
Army you know in Russia and Everage
six-year-old knows how to take a bus and
knows how to light the gas stove and as
a result of this early independence
Russia is a number one country and child
geniuses and also how spiders and we're
equally proud we're proud just about
anything I feel bad for American
teenagers any teenage parents here yes
just one just what you guys got a sitter
good but anyway it blows my mind how
busy parents keep their kids here poor
kids they have to go to school they come
home and they have piano lessons soccer
practice go to yoga
in Russia we don't have any of this
stuff in Russia we go to school we come
home and maybe if we finish a homework
only then are we allowed to hack your
presidential election you're welcome
when I came to the States
I didn't speak very good English I
didn't know what a DD STD DUI meant
until I got one of each and I actually
came here to work on the work visa as a
model and in my very first photo shoot
photographer goes hey Irina do you want
to pose for a Playboy and I'm like oh my
god
you mean like fully naked that's just
insulting it pays $25,000 I meant to say
inspiring my english not so good
[Laughter]
would you like a full Brazilian or a
bald eagle and this is how I became
Playboy's miss January 2001 true story
[Applause]
[Music]
like how old were you in 2001 yeah
exactly I am NOT even gonna mention that
signed copies are still available on
eBay or that I was on the page 49 and
also 50 51 52 53 but yeah
playboy was a lot of fun the parties
were amazing I was going through my old
party pictures and I found a photo of
myself and Bill Cosby I know so weird
because honestly I don't even remember
ever meeting him
[Applause]
I'm also an Instagram and if you guys
want to look me up please be sure to
spell my name correctly because I would
hate for you to masturbate to someone
else's pictures my name is irina varney
now you've been great
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm 34 and I'm not scared of my parents
anymore Jana welcome welcome
yeah I'm a woman they can't do [ __ ] to
me I realize that I was like why am I
scared of [ __ ] Jose and Esther
Gonzalez they're [ __ ] losers I was
like what am i doing what am i doing
with my life I said this like a couple
weeks ago at a show and two white ladies
got up all offended and then after the
show they came up to me and they're like
you're disgusting you're being so
disrespectful to your parents and I was
like Beach I just said I don't give a
[ __ ] about what my parents they're you
think I give a [ __ ] about what you think
ma'am
thank you yeah I don't [ __ ] need them
anymore
[ __ ] I mean yeah they still pay my phone
but [ __ ] aside from that welcome I
called them up too I was feeling all
empowered I was like let me tell these
[ __ ] but I don't care anymore
that I'm a woman and I facetimed um I
put it up against my shelf and I was
like let me so they could see all of
this and they answered at the same time
together because they're [ __ ] loser
skies and I was like hi mom and dad
[ __ ] both the ah yeah oh my god mom
clutch the rosary beads oh my god yeah
yeah I'm good [ __ ] job no got me
[ __ ] yeah I'm so right now y'all can't
do [ __ ] I've seen five dicks
y'all can't do [ __ ] okay one of them was
on the Internet but still you're mad dad
you're mad
get the belt then dad
it's a belt of your man I like the belt
now y'all did that to me but we all
shocked you did that now I can't go
through security in the at the airport
at TSA if there's a man in front of me
and he's taking off his belt I'm always
like sorry sir
does it go
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm Armenian not a lot of people know
about Armenian culture you know we're
probably most known for the Kardashians
yeah I love them I like yeah we're known
for the Kardashians a little less known
for like the genocide of over half our
people
it's a little uncomfortable for me
because I have a really big family and
some of my family members are Jewish and
whenever we all get together the
Armenian people get like weirdly jealous
of the Jewish people because they had a
genocide that was a little bit more
popular than ours which is so stupid you
know it shouldn't be about who has like
the cooler verified genocide like the
most followers you know it should just
be about celebrating our culture's and
both cultures are really cool like
Jewish people have Manischewitz
we have hummus kind of they have the
legacy of Anne Frank give it up for Anne
Frank we have the legacy of defense
attorney to OJ Simpson mr. Robert
system of a down the F Woody Allen we at
least do not have forty Allen's
who wins just ringing it's not a
competition it's a genocide
speaking of genocide it's wedding season
you have the same reaction to wedding
invitations as I do to sex I'm like oh
my god thank you I'm totally gonna come
I'm just I'm not gonna come
and then I don't
[Music]
just got back in town very happy to be
here I was walking through my
neighborhood down the sidewalk I was
passing this guy right we were passing
each other he said to me frightened we
were passing each other he said ah that
my little titties
I caught you as a man and it's like okay
okay if you think that and okay if you
say that to yourself but that thought
had to go through several layers of
filters in his mind and a checklist and
he's still decided yeah I'm gonna need
to say this I think of all the things he
decided not to say things like good
afternoon
or oh I was gonna say something but I
decided not to nope he went with them a
little titties I thought you was a man
my name is actually black Monique put
that on a card earlier they didn't get
it you're short I shop at the baby get
[Laughter]
it would be they treat being short like
there's something wrong with you you
know like it's some kind of disease or
like you're you're very other it's what
I would imagine racism feels like I
don't know no you get one for
being average no it's just it's a normal
thing
so I exchange to me how I get treated
weird for being short when people think
I look weird but people are okay with
Shaquille O'Neal
have you seen Shaquille O'Neal he looks
like a different species I look like I'm
doing here with you guys one time I saw
him try to sit in the booth at a crab
restaurant he got mad at the booth and
no one said anything everyone was like
you're H mr. O'Neal let's move the booth
up move the booth out get it out of here
mr. O'Neill's mad the worst thing about
being this short is letting down child
predators
[Laughter]
all the time about by me on the street
oh well where are you going
sorry to disappoint you sir I'm 27 years
old with a 401k keep it moving god damn
it what are they putting in the water
you know they text their their child
predator friends if you see a small girl
under 5 foot african-american abort
who top predators at the community
talked to when they have a problem you
know any child
[Laughter]
secondly one out of five yeah I know the
stance you got to know the game you're
playing so I know this
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos hilarious
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach
Reno and Vegas don't block your blessing
uh yeah
my boyfriend and I are on very different
pages sexually unfortunately I'd like to
have sex like maybe once or twice a week
this sexual base would like to have it
maybe once a month yeah we've had like
six times integer in 2019 yeah done
don't worry guys July is coming okay
I'm not I'm not though obviously I I've
got a naturally blonde hair I dyed it
brown so I thought it might have spiced
things up a bit
it did not no it did absolutely nothing
one time I was in our bed and I was
trying to use my vibrator but it it
wasn't working it wouldn't turn on and
so he came in and I saw this as an
opportunity and I was like babe may
vibrate is like not working can you fix
it for me and he fixed it and left the
room who's like babe I'm just trying to
give you a privacy I was like please
don't leave me you never been more sad
crying and masturbating to a photo of
your own goddamn boyfriend on your phone
while he's in the next room on the couch
watching the Gilmore Girls
I would I would travel with something
metal in my pocket just so I'm just so
that would take me aside and Pat me down
so I could have some sort of human
contact
I googled I googled it I could my
boyfriend that won't have sex with me
guess what comes up that's right you
guessed it
nothing at all comes up one time I was
like I'm gonna proposition him for a
quickie there's no way he can say - no
the ludus he's on the couch obviously
watching his favorite show I was like a
beer but by the way I'm aware this is
why we're not having sex okay this is so
so sexy it is beer do you wanna have a
quickie before I have to go he's like
bit get out of the way the TV Lorelai
Luke were just about to break up I'm
like oh you think and we did obviously
we did we broke up we broke up on the
advice of our therapist when we went to
sea after six months now that's your
first red flag just six months she told
us he was boring we paid her $200 she
told us he was boring and then we broke
up the next day rolled over in Hoosick
nearby had a dream about me last night I
woke up I had a shower I walked the dog
in the night I texted you I was like
[ __ ] alien dreams and boring
[Applause]
[Music]
I I don't know I I just started seeing
this new guy mmm I like him so much I
like him so much but I'm not like the
problem is that I can't tell if he feels
the same way about me because he keeps
calling me dude and I had a call me
old-fashioned but like I don't really
know how to feel about it when the man
that I just made sweet passionate love
to it Jack you lates on to my bod and
then looks at me and says oh let me go
get a jizz rag to mop this up with dude
I'm like okay I guess always the dude
will chill
[Laughter]
[Applause]
guess I'm dude natural and like it's
important to set boundaries in the
beginning of relationships because you
need to establish some kind of respect
you know but like I don't I'm so bad at
that cuz I just want people to think
that I'm cool and easygoing I like this
guy so much that if he came up to me and
was like hey what's up dumb [ __ ] I go
[Applause]
hooome oh my god
say it again what a cute nickname yummy
right the point in that relationship
he's like so early then whenever I stay
the night at his house I don't actually
sleep I just like lay awake and just try
to think of ways to tricking him into
being my boyfriend if I hide my
underwear over here that means I have to
come back the next day and get it he
can't get rid of me then Hey and the
other night the other night we were
sleeping I was awake he was asleep and I
was laying there with my eyes wide open
scoping the room and he rolled over and
looked at me he was like woah look I was
like hi
good morning got him the other day I
left his house after we hung out and I
was like in my head all right just don't
be [ __ ] weird just like give him a
kiss goodbye like just be cool like be
vulnerable be there and like I went in
for the kiss and then I got too nervous
so I gave him a fist bump instead all
right catch you on the field playboy hit
up feels alright see you dude no I was
like no why do I always do this silly me
[Music]
I won't reduce myself because I feel
like the message won't get to you the
right way if I don't tell you what's
happening in front of you and it is my
fault I am a young black woman trapped
in the auxin spot that is what's
happening in front of you I am 26 out of
line I raised all of you you get one
okay
but I'm young you know what I mean I
cursed loudly in public I wear jeans you
know I drink and drive I'm young forever
baby I'm gonna die [ __ ] I never gonna
die
never no sorry father
Buddha's a little recently lost 80
pounds thank you so much thank you so
much no one made a sound thank you so
much
it is also um it's 83 pounds oh I'm
trying to be petty anyways I lost 83
pounds I know I'm not too happy about it
so sorry my energies we don't people are
you gonna be happy I'm hungry it's in
the pit of water it's a it's a different
word how they did it because I have a
very very negative doctor this [ __ ] I
like her
a very negative dramatic every time I
see this [ __ ] life and death you know
what I'm talking about she she never was
talked about good she she never talked
about my gums you know how great dental
health you get what I'm saying
she's always blood work blood work I
don't like her um but I went to her with
it and she's like Felicia you've got it
you've gotta get her 200 pounds are you
gonna get diabetes and high blood
pressure you don't know you know you
know they're always IV issues this [ __ ]
you're gonna get it you have to give her
200 pounds and then this why I don't
like her our son was the weight you know
and I went back to her and she was like
oh my god oh my god you're doing this
well believe in me [ __ ] you in charge
of my life you know what I mean like
nobody's screaming oh my god yeah I'm
looking you said I was gonna die I don't
know yeah yeah I'm losing weight and the
other students like oh my god oh my god
okay you're doing it doing it what do
you want to be what do you wanna be like
150 160 no I see this why don't like me
[ __ ] you said under 200 pounds I wanna
be a hundred in ninety nine pounds
that's it I'm not trying to [ __ ] you in
store I'm trying to get okay
[Music]
[Music]
my girlfriend's always want to have
girls night at what point did we stop
wanting to hang out with guys when we're
drunk and just hang out with other girls
what kind of weird lesbian mating
ceremony is that and if you tell if you
bring up the idea of a girls night you
could even you can barely know the girl
girls love it it spreads like wildfire
whenever girls thank you it's like we
communicate on a different level
[Applause]
girls you don't come over
girl that blankets on the floor I have
cupcake brownie okay what Stevie that's
quickly a Jennifer Aniston look actually
is if it's a boy letting the feather
have a pillow fight margaritas make
brownies hang out get massages do hair
paint our nails good sounds great Becky
can't wait to be shit-faced on your
couch at 2:00 a.m. with no one to make
out with you got Grey's Anatomy on DVD
great pop it in let's let out where's
your brother
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'm not some me I'm looking at me like
why she got the little sparkly ass back
what's up with a little bag why she
can't a little ass purse with her uh I
carry my little pocketbooks with me
everywhere I go because why do I mean
Republicans just people in general they
steal baby stealing that's how we got
here right like people who've hunted two
of us that's in here that's how we got
here right because why people can stay
stolen they kidnapped us we could be in
Africa right now with our titties out
like come on Tiger [ __ ] walking Tigers
and [ __ ] but we I'm here in America and
I'm glad I'm happy I'm here I appreciate
all the white people in Spanish people
that stoled us from Africa thank you
that's [ __ ] you not free you stole me
too [ __ ] why is black people named
Pablo
so I kidnapped us too
don't don't get it twisted what time I
said that at a show and a girl going
yell out some of us was traded for beads
and mirrors all of us wasn't kidnapped I
was like [ __ ] you was traded for be two
mirrors okay cuz yo ass is ugly as hell
my people was kidnapped we are [ __ ]
beautiful [ __ ]
it snuck up in the hood and took us they
went up to y'all [ __ ] chiefing
was like can we have some of your people
he was like yes take all the ugly
[ __ ] give us mirror we reflect on
these ugly hoes and that is what
happened
I like to thank for thousands of great
stand-up comedy videos visit the new
Laugh Factory com
you know what like people here kids so
your nieces and nephews and stuff like
that please give your teachers presents
at the end of the school year because
like your kids are [ __ ] up right and
we we teach your kids like I took 22
kids in my class last day of school they
gave me a [ __ ] five dollar gift card
to Dunkin Donuts oh I do teach in an
all-white school
it's not called the all-white school
it's just in Northbrook right and if
you're familiar with Northbrook you know
that I am the blackest thing that whole
[ __ ] school it's just me and the
janitor that's it right like if I told
you I worked in and you googled it and
you like clicked on diversity you just
see me in the janitor
it all right it's okay though like I
grew up in the north and so are there
any North Shore people you Ruben
[Laughter]
yeah I grew up in Lake Forest so like I
know I'm used to being the only black
person in an all-way situation like yeah
I grew up in Lake force group in the
North Shore Chicago so like all right
who's not comfortable with it are the
white teachers are working like they're
comfortable but they like try too hard
are there like black people in here know
what I'm talking about when you work
with like a lot of white people and they
just tried it to be like extra with you
you're like chill out like that's their
school this teacher was like hey Erica
forgot to bring a lunch today I'm gonna
step out and grab something do you want
anything
I literally said Tammy get me whatever
you get you right Tammy came back with
subway for herself in Popeyes for me
I'll bag [ __ ] this is [ __ ] delicious
okay it's racist as a [ __ ] but
goddamn it if it's not spicy Jesus
Christ like alright but honey like being
the only black person like they know I
do stand-up they know like I have a
boyfriend who lives on the south side
like I don't know what they think
happens on my weekends but they're
always like super you like what you do
like they they want to hear something
real black like you know listen to drive
my major [ __ ] teachers like they
always like what'd you do this weekend
what'd you do this weekend come on Erica
tell me what you do this weekend I'm
like I want to talk about it Tami you
know and Tammy will be like well I'll
tell you what I did this weekend and
maybe you open up
she'll be like me in the mister we drove
up to Door County Wisconsin and we would
apple-picking and Erica the apples were
delicious really Tammy kill yourself
okay like the last weekend of school
like this is 40 weeks of [ __ ] school
she asked me every Monday what did you
do this weekend what'd you do this
weekend come on I could tell me I'm
probably on Instagram you block me it's
the last week in a school I'm like I'm
gonna tell this [ __ ] I'm like you want
to know what I did all weekend you
really want to know I sucked a dick so
big it brought a tear to my eye
[Applause]
yeahmy was like oh my god where are
those not the apple orchard in Wisconsin
you have to go south of Cermak to find
it
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you know I I'm doing the whole online
dating I'm on OkCupid I'm on tinder I'm
on Craigslist holla at your boy thank
you so much
what's really cool is I get hit on
differently everywhere I go I love it
especially when white guys hit on me oh
my god I just see it's that stare you
know I don't know if he thinks I'm cute
you know or if he wants me out of the
country I don't really know what's your
name what Colton ooh that's a strong
firm name Colton Colton you know what
your name would be in the Middle East
Colton golden what do you do Colton IT
oh you a nerd you're a smart smart rich
nerd here you live here Indiana okay
okay we can make it work you know I'm
just trying to see watch and be like
with his wife I don't I love it when
anybody from out of the country
you guys are oh my god where you guys
from Toronto oh my god yes Toronto yeah
go to Toronto if you want to freeze your
eggs naturally just I love that city I
just froze them I'll go back when I want
to birth a child yeah okay see I love it
do you guys speak French anybody speak
French so sexy even if you say anything
to me in French I mean just just be like
I took a sheet oh my god you took a [ __ ]
like where did you take a [ __ ] let's go
for a walk and pick it up yeah I retreat
very beautiful language Indian at an
Indian guy hit on me the cutest way oh
my god Indian guy came up to me he was
like I want to reboot your computer
it's up you Club it up if you're single
though single tonight
[Music]
okay Kim Kardashian girl and you who one
person this is really good this is good
because I was actually coming here to
look for a husband tonight and my option
or wife thank you or a wife
Colton you're married okay
there's no hope the thing is I the
reason why I'm at the reason why I feel
like I'm single we're not asking the
right questions for marriage when we go
on a date you're like oh let's get a
drink and then it's a horrible horrible
date and it ends up in a bad marriage
but what I'm doing strategically I want
to find the right person
and ask them right the right questions
that's why I created a husband
application okay that's right I did and
if there is any eligible bachelor here
tonight who would like to cut there's no
light back there if you are eligible
bachelor rich and would like to come up
here I would love for you to come fill
out this application anybody willing to
do that for me tonight who are you
single I can't see you show your face
get up here
what's your name what's your name we're
Sean Chris our our dog give it up for
this guy right here
yes tell me your name Vishal Vishal
everybody give it up for Vishal thank
you so much how are you - all good you
want to get your hands out your probably
have a gun in there come on
hide it Michelle nice to meet where you
from Vegas I live here from Vegas ok
what do you do I own a 7-eleven ok what
does that mean I'm gonna get like free
lotto tickets I'm gonna get a free
Slurpee what's gonna be in here come
here what's gonna be for the
relationship for me what am I gonna get
from the 7-eleven from you cash and how
much cash you have one store ok how much
are you gonna give me right now
why is he hesitant some Indian I gotta
think about my outfit that's the one
that was like I'm gonna reboot you're a
company that was here okay so he's a
hesitant guy so that means you're kind
of frugal with your money is that what
you're trying to tell me okay he's being
honest all right so let's let's start
with your stats are you a US citizen are
you green card student visa totally
illegal or Isis Thomas - Susan are you
straight gay bisexual other I'm straight
okay do you have an STD nope have you
ever been married you have kids nope
nope have you ever been with a Persian
girl nope would you be willing to shave
my back are you gonna cook me like
Indian food I can't get my mom well you
still live at home with your mom she was
with me okay
all right thank you so much thank you
that is it no no no my mom she lives my
mom needs me okay my mom needs me so I
can heat up the food that she made for
me I can get out of here
[Applause]
[Music]
so when I moved here I went to Bank of
America to open an account they asked me
would you like checking or savings
account I said I'm a comedian do you
ever go fund me account I've been
working so much you guys recently my
friend told me that I need to take a
vacation is that golly you need to go
somewhere that nobody knows your name so
I went home when I was in high school my
English teacher passed away I'm sure you
can tell and I was terrible at math
terrible 50% of the time I was bored the
other 80% I slept furious ago I traveled
back home to visit my family as I walk
to the airport security stopped me and
asked did you park by yourself I hate
that question you guys when was the last
time you call your friends and told them
hey I got tickets to Hawaii do you want
to go on vacation lay on the beach all
day and your friend said now I don't
like that [ __ ] but can I pack your bags
did you park by yourself
I said now bin Laden helped me but only
with the wires I did the rest by myself
because I'm the bomb I was recently
flying to New York with Spirit Airlines
I know end of joke sorry the flight
attendant was walking by asking me trash
I said oh no me I'm high class so
[ __ ] rude
[Laughter]
yesterday I was walking down the street
in my neighborhood I saw a guy he was
smoking pot leaning on a wall almost
passing out as I walked by him he said
hi I said well I can see that pretty
clear to me anyway I kept walking on the
same Street man I saw two people I don't
know they look like homeless guys naked
making out on a bench let me tell you
guys this is the most disturbing picture
that I have in my phone
so blurry
[Music]
