we have a good marriage my wife and I
I'm going to be honest with that sex
changes when you get married that's
totally natural don't get freaked out by
that it's I think the purpose of sex is
different when you're married than when
your signal when you're single you know
it's about good finding out if you're
compatible what's the other person into
kind of push the envelope you know what
I mean it's like can I put a finger in
her but I don't know I don't know all
right even know if I want to I just want
to know if she'll let me you know kind
of an animal are we working with here is
this a one finger Girl to finger girl
can I snap I just want to know what I'm
working with good time to do the math on
that
but that you know when you're married it
becomes about preserving the romance you
don't you don't get to be kinky when
you're married that's out the window you
know what I mean you don't get you know
even they can't look at your wife and be
like baby it's our anniversary I'm going
to take you to the restaurant where we
went on our first date I'm going to wine
you and dine you all night long we are
gonna dance until dawn and then I'm
gonna pee on you you're a wonderful
mother now kneel on this tarp you know
time and then shift under fly when
you're married
but my biggest pet peeve about the kids
is like I don't like tattletales like I
hated tattletales like kids would always
tattle on each other and I hated it it
was this one little boy he was very
persistent and he was always like mr.
mateen he touch my face mr. mateen she
keeps poking me mr. mateen I can't find
my coloring book I think Johnny took it
and I snap one day guys I lost I was
like hey man don't you know that just
get stitches oh [ __ ] I just told her
five notice and they just get stitches
I'm definitely gonna get a phone call so
this kid mom came in and she was pissed
she was pissed she was like mr. mattina
calls back saying some very colorful
language at home I want to know has he
been using it here and I was like um I
don't know what has he been saying she
said he told his sister yesterday that
snitches get stitches I was like
seriously I've never heard that phrase a
day in my life ah he must have told you
where he got it from right and she said
no he wouldn't say
oh my god just had the baby tear rolled
on my face but you the man Carl you the
[ __ ] man
I I know I'm getting too fat cuz
waitresses keep on giving me sides of
ranch I don't ask for this is a bagel
you [ __ ] [ __ ] it makes sense but okay
home base I don't mean be so negative
I've actually been on the quite a weight
loss binge lately lost over 100 pounds
thank you very much I've gained a
hundred and twenty back so unfortunately
no longer a hero cuz like I used to hop
people things I had abs that's true I
lost over 100 pounds gained more than
like started with I had abs I got used
to hot people things like walking up to
people and just feeling now I got to do
all these ugly people things like say
please and thank you and sorry and are
there more sizes online it's exhausting
babe because it's like like I'm
pre-diabetic not medically I just have a
feeling you know they're gonna looked at
it don't I was like this is the doughnut
isn't it
this is the one let's do this diabetes
more like diabetes
[Applause]
[Music]
I listen to the engine you're gonna get
involved anytime soon or gonna stare at
me like that all time it's [ __ ] weird
hate me differently hate me differently
hate me like no no don't go my eyes it
will make you melt right before why am I
in the front row I didn't want to go out
tonight I hate [ __ ] holidays where's
my green suit and my little dog [ __ ] the
little people thank you he needs all of
those this guy right here he's inside
just like this time of years [ __ ]
Wow I could feel it
he feels happier than you already he
knew it that's what sent him out for
booze he's like you know what come on we
got to go out it's our night thank you
for being you sir he's like the happy
pirate in your life I don't know why I
felt like you might be happy pirate it's
not a weird thing take your foot off my
stage thank you I'm kidding you can have
it up you can have it up I like your
energy I like your energy oh my god do
you need him miss that's your choice
forever right there that's your choice
poor women you know I look out I only
see me like this come I'm talking to you
but I see him like I didn't want to go
out tonight his wife like we want to go
out we're going to a show and he's
rubbing my girl wakes up happy to she
would I feel her men know you feel your
girl move in the morning it's like a
trap it's I lay there I go don't move as
soon as you move your [ __ ] to do you
didn't even know about just lay here try
and die let's see if you can die hold
your breath that'll be better than doing
all the [ __ ] you got to do today she
thinks I have a bladder problem you know
because I'll see that face like you have
to go do things and I go I have to go to
bathroom
but you'll talk to me in the bathroom
which is really odd she's like what are
you doing in there huh well I'm in the
only room that doesn't need an
explanation what do you think a stripper
pole just fell I'm making it rain I'm
hiding from you I love her I do I love
her I think we're blessed with love if
you meet someone but love doesn't
address like like is date today right
one day you're like oh my god he's
amazing she's amazing next time you're
like oh my god they're still here I
don't think you've ever been in love
unless you seen your significant other
across the room and you're like I'm
gonna kill you if you don't want their
death you're really not loved right
you're in the early phases I love her we
were fighting which is the only time we
fight really now is driving because I
drive from New Jersey and she drives
like Mexico City and I prefer my New
Jersey driving as opposed to are we
being kidnapped
[Applause]
[Music]
I think you're really like I think
you're gonna find me very enjoyable at
first like this vibrate a little do you
know that it's impossible to throw a
garbage can away I want to be somebody
when I grow up I want to be I want to be
only a huge star not physically but I
want to be big never have a toilet
overflow by choice yeah go with the
occasion party downstairs I wasn't
invited to because I'm very happy Kevin
I know you are I promise you this and
you have a beautiful smile you smile to
look it up where is our waiter are you
just visiting or do you live here now
are you in crisis no George Bush Senior
with some things up Liz wide it would
make me happy and comfort me because of
the anxiety of doing this well here last
factoring creating wanker up front
passing out liquor Malin funny
sneaky drive Oh Perry if you laugh you
want to try it tonight that's a
perfectly quiet dude you know we're very
open to that - because I can't get tired
here this ain't laughs over and over
again
today I just renewed my weed card ah
thank you it's my second card my first
card I got three days into being in Los
Angeles I didn't even have an apartment
yet my first purchase was a weed cookie
I got inedible it was the coolest thing
I've ever gotten that step one in my
life because I had never seen branding
on drugs it had a logo aunt Mabel's weed
cookie I trust this she's family
underneath a set per dose eat 1/3 of a
cookie
who eats 1/3 of a cookie I eat all the
thirds of a cookie you're not gonna have
meat 1/3 of a cookie now I'm high and
I'm hungry
I'm scared two-thirds of a cookie that's
not happiness that's Hunger Games and I
ate the whole cookie woke up two days
later but a mile and a half of my house
feeling refreshed
well get out of this ditch and get on
with my day
oh god I'm a I'm a great-uncle I don't
know if you can tell I have a very
energetic hey let's play Legos vibe
about me but I recently ruined my
nephew's birthday party because I'm an
adult and I used logic in he's seven he
was having a birthday party and I was
like what do you want your birthday
party to be and his I I wanted to be
superheroes and I was like great I
didn't talk to girls in high school what
superhero do you want to be and he's I I
want to be Incredible Hulk and I was
like slow down two things need to happen
for you to become a superhero all right
Hulk is not a superhero here's why these
two things I need to happen one in you
start off like a regular loser two
something awesome happens to you now you
have all these cool powers and your life
is clearly better right for example
spider-man is Peter Parker's his high
school nerd people hit this lunch out of
his hands shove them into lockers really
disrespectful to this guy even though is
super good at math all right then he
gets bit by this special spider right
now you can shoot webs out of his hands
his neighborhood crime watch in his head
he does have to work glasses anymore he
got free LASIK guys his girlfriend's a
12 out of a 10 that is a clear art all
right
his life is benefited in all avenues and
I put it give you an example of what's
going on here the Incredible Hulk is
this genius scientist Bruce Banner
he's already killing it in the science
game he's - my parents would be really
proud of this guy really home for
himself he gets into a radioactive
accident now whenever he gets angry he
turns into a giant green dumbass oak
smash how about who could get a GED
you're embarrassing everyone here how
sad are you when you have to go meet
other superheroes like when he has to go
meet the Avengers and there to talk
about their powers like he's talking to
Thor and Captain America he's like Oh
what do you do ah I'm a Captain America
I'm like a military super soldier I
killed some people you may have heard of
them the Nazis who are you I'm Thor a
great head of hair I have a hammer and
I'm a god - no work of importance who
are you
ah me I'm just like a I'm like a
scientist first and foremost it's like
mostly a scientist and when I get angry
I turn into like a giant green doofus
just you know it's like go around my
community destroying public property no
regards for anyone's personal welfare
and I'll just wake up like several hours
later like naked in the woods I'm sorry
I'm crying hello I've lost so many
t-shirts I don't know my relationship
with my girlfriend is on the rocks
because if I get a boner I could destroy
the house my name is asif ali enjoy the
ride tonight thanks guys
I always say what's on my mind you're in
a bad mood you don't know what to do it
yourself don't hang around with
miserable people do yourself a favor
smoke a joint walk inside a Walmart
store and let me know how funny you
think that is I go to Walmart I don't
even need to buy nothing I look at the
people in there and go my life ain't
that [ __ ] up this is fantastic
never go on a place like Walmart you end
up buying [ __ ] you didn't even go in
there for when the Walmart to buy
toothpaste they came out with a
lawnmower and a shotgun and I don't have
a lawn that's [ __ ] weird and then
there's a doctor working in Walmart did
you see this a doctor works in a grocery
store now you have to ask yourself a
question who walks into Walmart and goes
you know what don't feel good I'm gonna
see a doctor while I'm here
her D's in aisle two [ __ ] you talk to a
doctor man upholstery store even met him
I'm like how long you been a doctor he
goes six months ago what would you do
before you were a doctor he goes I push
the carriages in a parking lot and you
see now wherever you go you could be
your own cashier people you check out
your own items and they call it
self-serve it's called self-serve when
you check out your own [ __ ] self-serve
you know what I call it [ __ ] get
over here and do your [ __ ] job I
don't work here I'm on vacation why am i
working how do I walk in a shop all of a
sudden I'm an employee I didn't apply
for this job how'd I get the job so from
now on when I check out my items I want
10% off as an employee I want 10% off as
an employee and I want a uniform I want
khaki pants a blue shirt and a nametag I
want to know it's me checking out my
[ __ ] in case I got a problem myself and
I got a customer service and complain
about me how the [ __ ] am I going to know
who I was
catch up to me little crowd catch up to
me
yes oh my gosh you guys I am just happy
to be out of the house yeah I got little
kids haven't got kids in here oh yeah
yeah you're happy too and drinking good
yeah yeah kids man they changed your
life here's the thing I got I got a boy
and a little girl right which is a
nightmare for potty training that is a
nightmare cuz it's different from boys
to girls isn't it yeah because one day
the boy needs to learn to pee standing
up and hopefully your girl doesn't
that'd be weird
alright one lady and one of my audiences
yell out of me she's like you know what
the potty train standing up she's like
she's like Cheerios my Cheerios four
targets he drowned the Cheerios like
lady you need a bigger cereal alright I
can't even hit Cheerios man what my
sniper come on cheers him something to
hit give him a frosted mini-wheats baat
karta waffle let me build up to the
cheerio give the kid a chance
some of the other guys in here like I
can hit 20 Cheerios at the same time I
got this credit action going on yeah cuz
peeing changes when you get older all
right there's four streams you guys
alright yeah there's one this one's all
willy-nilly goes everywhere you don't no
idea where it's going
the other two are fairly accurate the
fourth one doesn't even come alive so
you put it back in your pants a true Jo
cackles all right it's tough so I got my
son hidden in like 85% of the time so I
figure my job's done right my society
likes to pee with the bathroom door open
which he kids know as I'm walking by the
bathroom right my son's going pee and
others racy
[Laughter]
and that's what we found out our shower
curtain smell like you're unsatisfied
[Music]
my name is Anthony Davis if you google
Anthony Davis the basketball player
comes up but if you go into Davis
comedian basketball player comes right
back up so I'm just who's crushing he
doesn't have a Facebook you know how
much that hurts when they start tagging
me in that [ __ ] he has to be an LA
tagged me like we're so excited for
Anthony Davis to come to the Lakers I
was like I'm not good but I'll do my
best you know the verified ESPN Twitter
account but when he was thinking about
coming right we're so hope we hoped so
much the Anthony Davis comes to LA I was
like I'm already here
I'm outside let's go guys see if huh oh
my god I've never been to a strip club
before you're welcome and because my
sister was a stripper and that pissed me
off because why would I pay for
something like I just seat home for free
and uh yeah no no it's you know it's
funny cause it's true and that's not my
only incest joke guys this was first one
okay okay I will keep it coming at you
in the face like my dad used to and
that's - lets - it's - I'll rub my belly
whenever I do a good job good boy I'm
happily married she's not but I am and
well I was the most beautiful woman in
the world cuz that's how I bought her
and she shakes that joke but the green
card so well she's a nurse okay she
likes to make fun of me all the time
like the other day she's like Anthony
you know you talk like you own
farmersonly.com [ __ ] you okay that was I
heard a lot you know I saw you smile
with that you're a horrible person and
she said I had look like I have to force
Whitacre eyes that hurt a lot don't
laugh that hard [ __ ] okay looking
right at you the worst thing gets you
every day right
but you're like I get that now okay
he's got funny eyes okay
the worst thing she ever told me she's
like anthing because your way your
martian set all the strokes and I was
like well [ __ ] good morning to you too
you know me you got gifts of my pancakes
you know I mean you guys know what bad
news pancakes are I get a lot of bad
news pancakes okay like here's the
pancakes that's how I found out and he's
not dead he's just dead to me
so y'all are on board with the incest
with me my dad have a rocky relationship
okay that's too far okay
[ __ ] y'all all right which is like you
know Anthony we're out have a stroke you
smell toast fun fact for you it's a
medical fact for everybody in here okay
y'all smell anything when you have a
stroke you just have a stroke okay you
know I know I asked my best friend who
had a stroke I was just like hey bed do
you see the Patriots not he's like yeah
like she's like yeah and it's accurate
it's accurate as I hate Budd you
remember that time you had a stroke he's
like little bit a little bit I was like
hey man do you remember what you smell
it I was like no I was too busy stroking
the [ __ ] out you know what you can't
blow is that lavender oh [ __ ] gonna be a
bad one today that's pumpernickel Oh God
okay like that she's working breakfast
for me now you know I'm just sitting at
work so my starts making bread loaf are
you for that okay expecially when you're
a school teacher and they got so bad I
went to a doctor I wouldn't act to an
actual doctor I was like hey man
smelling toast a lot he looked at me
like you've been making breakfast a lot
that's pretty much it stopped making
breakfast fat ass he now making cured
yeah I was like no man I think I'm
having strokes like with it s like I'm
just having strokes every single day
he's like I wouldn't worry about strokes
buddy
Diaby he's gonna get you long before a
stroke well he half I was my wife and
she's like it's got your I love that
[ __ ] so much right
I'll kill her I swear to God right
that's murder that's murder okay you're
going to prison with me pretty boy okay
I hate how pretty you are it hurts me
deeply I mean what do you look down you
can see your dick that must be nice
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I didn't realize how tight things were
for some people until I pulled up out
there tonight and I saw a car with the
club on it yeah I didn't even know
people are still using the club and I
laughed because you know wherever they
are they're sitting there with a false
sense of security
thinking they're sending a message out
to all of us did you're not gonna steal
this car but that's not the message that
comes across to us the message is more
like this car is all I have
yeah I know it's an 86 Corolla but that
shit's been paid off since oh - so if
you have to be a dick bust the window
grab a cassette and move on please a car
payment will [ __ ] me right now I feel
you club user I feel you
I grew up lower middle class all right
so let me just tell you right now that
the thought process between middle class
and lower middle class it's not even the
same [ __ ] planet all right like when
when most people buy a car they ask
themselves things like what are the
safety features what's the warranty on
this what's the gas mileage I asked
myself stuff like if I had to could I
live in this
[Laughter]
do you have a layaway plan
what kind of exhaust is this thing
kicking out case I'm looking to kill
myself and I don't want to give you the
impression that we were poor we were not
poor alright I had all the same stuff
everyone else did because I could get
their [ __ ] at Goodwill like three years
later you have no idea what humiliating
is until you walk down the hall your
high school and somebody's like hey man
I remember that shirt and you're like
trying to bring these back and they're
like no I remember that shirt that was
my shirt I used to jerk off in that
shirt like god dammit I thought this was
a tie I [ __ ] all of you give him come
be t-shirts of goodwill [ __ ] all of you
man
[Applause]
now it's like me eating Jesus eat a
sandwich in the back of a pickup truck
okay I guess I'll join up then that joke
was recently featured on the front page
of YouTube which was sort of exciting
for me to see a clip on the front page
of YouTube because when you have a clip
on the front page you'll have hundreds
of thousands of people view your clip
and I got excited to see that until I
opened up the clip and I looked at the
1,500 comments underneath the clip the
kind of title avalanche of theological
warfare that I'd set off between the
online atheist loser community and the
online religious loser community and
battling it out most of it I mean
nothing to do with the clip at all just
taking my moment in the internet
sunshine for their pathetic turf war
look there is no God do you believe a
lie you're an idiot there is a god
you're going to hell you're a sinner
this comedian looks gay idiot over time
it starts to affect her self-esteem but
I believe in turning a frown upside down
which is why I wrote that phrase and
what I've done is I brought with me the
greatest hits of that online flame war
so that we could all share in some of
the revelry of people talking about me
on the Internet
thought you don't like that here's a
good first one it goes uh hah hah hah
hah hah you
that you this guy sucks but he can get
better
what a nice ass you are
I don't like this guy he looks like
something I want to punch in the face
that sounded like the leftover agreement
I didn't appreciate that guys black
people funny but wasn't that guy in Devo
no I wasn't to the black people in the
audience Devo was abandon eighties haha
that guy is wearing rapist glasses again
and that's not actually a cool thing to
say about a person great mister glasses
that's not even a real thing you can't
just make up a concept and then insult
me with that concept what a rapist
glasses
what do rapists use glasses for like hey
get over here your ass is mine tonight
oh I'm sorry you go I was waiting for
somebody pretty my bender this one's
good I call this the audience judger
because in it I find out who I like in
the audience and who I'm still not sure
about it goes what's funny is his
blatant ignorance and also being a [ __ ]
fifty-fifty the people I like in the
audience they laugh at the irony of the
joke
but the people I'm still not sure about
they just go whoa you do look like a [ __ ]
and finally you suck you never tried to
be a comedian again you [ __ ] I hope you
die from cancer to see how foul hell
really is love dad
I want her that was a tough my dad's
been dead for ten years so it adds a
layer of mystery to the thing I didn't
even know they had the internet in hell
turns out they do
it's dial-up a lot of people think when
I tell that joke that I'm saying I hate
my dad and then he went to hell I loved
my dad he was a great dude but he was
also a too and rules the rules that's
the end of that joke
my friend smoke weed all my boys like
guys I hang out with they stay up heavy
weed smokers heavy and they all have
girlfriends and wives not girlfriends
get girlfriends and or wives that won't
let them smoke at home so now my house
has become the designated weed smoking
house yeah they just called me up out of
nowhere like a man what you're doing
call me up for no reason what you doing
I got my head watching the game got a
panel coming over then I get high and
they get into these deep philosophical
weed discussions all of your friends
today like that's when they want to have
like a Wolf Blitzer CNN discussion when
they high but it's always bull comes out
of nowhere like oh if you was invisible
which ex-girlfriends house would you rob
my but otherwise I hate thinking about
to it oh that's deep that's deep see you
don't work like that it don't work like
that cuz technically you invisible right
but you steel is not now TV just
floating down the street oh how they
caught me last time
first of all how about another hand for
me seriously I got I got good stuff for
you people I do I got good stuff yeah
yeah and that that's what you that's
what you want to hear from a comedian or
your drug dealer from I love us you want
to be reassured we're giving you our
best stuff and I am I don't do drugs
though I would never I can't I wouldn't
I don't all right maybe I do um no I
don't I don't I don't because I have
seen the effects of cocaine on people
and squirrels and it freaks me out
oh yeah no I think squirrels are on
cocaine I do I do
cuz they can't focus for long periods of
time and they're totally paranoid you
know
like they can't even enjoy a nut you
know it's like I say if you're a
squirrel take it down a couple of drug
notches smoke a joint or something
this way this way you can still be a
little paranoid but just more mellow you
know you can be like dude I can't feel
my tail
[Applause]
[Music]
are you good you guys are on a date what
they make shrug your arm is in her right
now sir
okay no it's just on the lap this is a
date you're on a date
this is a first date okay for many years
at several how many years three years
that's a nice amount of time that's a
long time how long do you think it's
going to last that rude
that's nice you guys are married no
you're still together because you're not
married don't point at me straight to
Santa Monica and die
do you guys have do you guys have cute
nicknames for each other like what do
you call that guy when you're like
snuggling yeah cute nickname nothing no
nickname you're just like I made you
dinner
Derro eat it Daryl Daryl
I just called my wife stinky now I'm
divorced I thought it's cute I feel like
what are you doing a little stinky what
are you doing she used to call me big
dick Christine hey I'm Mason and I'm a
part of the Laugh Factory production
team I hope you enjoyed this clip you
did please give this video a like
subscribe above and comment below and
we'll be back at you with more comedy
soon because this is the last factory
I love hockey I really do being from
Wisconsin I love violent televised doggy
chief cause of prison riots think about
it your convict you're sitting in your
cell at the federal pen you're watching
a hockey player on TV get a two-minute
penalty for the same offense you're
serving 17 years
that's gotta piss a guy off
I love the announcers - I'm so glad the
playoffs are here because it's just so
much fun people get into hockey and
those announcers a crazy man they're in
better shape than half the [ __ ]
athletes they don't bring it till
somebody scores
let's have their own oxygen tanks it
just suck it up and go it's like lambs a
little lazy a coat of you've heard over
the lens oh the blue lion over the
Williams a de Courtney's thinking here
on a larger cups I come back into the
boards the puck is loose me that was
Gabriel it's another hip check for my
logic this mi may be days it back out
Johnson choosing his own backup Allen's
plays you John save me Moscow as the
base after head of the younger exact
opposite of that a golf announcer they
just sound happy to be alive and some
sort of a narcoleptic school of
announcing just so laid back and he's
got about 12 foot but love to see them
get their assignments screwed up take
the wrong plane to the wrong event love
to see it golf announcer trying to do a
hockey game just sitting there his head
[Music]
the one guy had it for a while all I
know is it is [ __ ] freezing in here
I'd leave your golf billet put the
hockey announcer out at the golf
tournament that'd be worth it
I'd love to catch that on TV he's
lighting up a punch about 12 feet he's
pension bullying his putter he's
stepping behind and down the right side
of the punch he's eyeballing it from
there now behind the putt in the grassy
knoll he's on all fours looking at it
from there now over the left side of the
putt he's checking with his caddie now
he steps up on the putt he's gonna hit
the putt no he's not gonna hit the putt
[ __ ] here I got a flight to catch
hit the [ __ ] [ __ ]
ladies Levi aksheehan know too much
about Judaism I think a lot of people
just don't you know there's really
religions that an element's everyone or
you know I'm familiar with but my ex
when she first fella who's Jewish she's
like oh my god you're Jewish that's so
great no because like my best friend's
Jewish so I know what you're going
through and but I know that you guys
observe like crazy rules and traditions
like that's the thing I always like I've
know about Jews is that like you guys
observe like weird stuff like this is so
weird you guys aren't supposed to like
eat after midnight or something like
Shabbat or something
it's like shabbat shalom there's
something spectra eat after minute no I
think I'm confusing us with gremlins
what the [ __ ] that wasn't even the worst
part we kept talking right it's the
first date she's like okay so they have
to be like honest with me but I know
that like like okay so you're Jewish
like what it like have you seen
Schindler's List like what did you think
of it like with it too like was it like
like with it
you know because it I was like what am I
like [ __ ] up game show Rachel welcome
back to hey Jew what'd you think of the
Holocaust I just stare back at her and
she got all uncomfortable she's like I'm
sorry I just said that because like I
like I thought the music was like really
depressing in the movie like it was this
really dark and like just somber and I
guess like violins the whole time is
really Billy I was like well yeah it was
a movie about the Holocaust like what
did you expect the music to be like what
do you want Nickelback to do the
soundtrack you imagine well I just heard
some Jews today put on a train and take
it away with arms wide open that's
creepy oh that's not even ickle back oh
I just mixed up two shitty bands sorry
it's [ __ ] embarrassing oh Jesus
is it really he's throwing a glass you
upset that I mixed up his Creed your
favorite band like [ __ ] this band nobody
gives Creed any respect man how do you
not know a Creed song
listen to something happened to you with
a Jewish person or group of Jews maybe
that to sing it god I wish I was [ __ ]
also as hammers you were so I can
understand what you were talking about I
just want you to sing it [ __ ] the Jews
sing that song do you know that song do
you know it again do you know it you
don't even know do you
because [ __ ] you don't even know it you
don't even know what my girlfriend said
before she was like it was so hot today
it was like I was hiking it was so hot
you don't even know how hot it was so I
really have a [ __ ] iPhone it was 110
degrees so I think maybe you don't even
know
anybody psyched for the new Batman movie
yeah I like that man alright but he's a
billionaire you can't think of a better
way to fight crime than to put on black
and punch people in the face at night
why'd you start some Big Brother's
programs you're saying once you start a
math camp Bruce yeah Roger do something
proactive you don't mean like that
wasn't so I want to see little ghetto
kids you know they be doing a math
program with a math problem to be like
oh man I can't I just can't I can't get
this math problem manages you forgot to
carry the two Batman why are you helping
me with my math programs right now what
you haven't even let me have problems
startled have to butcher your face ten
years stared straight there's a chilli
develop each scantron sheets and
number-two pencils buddy but you know
what I was thinking about Batman is rich
Batman is super rich but spider-man is
poor as hell
why is spider-man so broke spider-man is
poor and you know what's funny about
spider-man he never thought about being
a gangster rapper even though he is from
Queensbridge there I mean he got to a
rough area his parents is dead
he should be a gangster rapper you don't
said this is spider-man's gangster has
to be like oh yeah this one goes out to
uncle bin and all the [ __ ] are died
the struggle you know I mean here we
like yo you can't do it like this waves
coming out my wrists hanging upside down
when your girl give me your kids forget
the barrios other sisters ticklish so
your West can't even army Oh
spider-man to the strain PM Jill it's
about a man say bust you in your lip Jim
keeper fool cliff while I'm swinging on
my web show be swinging on my dick
background [ __ ]
kind of upset somebody told me I look
like a low-budget Chris Rock was my uber
driver than that it's like you know who
you look like you look like Chris Rock
from Madagascar it's like what
that's the zebra man it's not a big
human a safari animal really Wow all
right one star is raised to tutoring
straights I was raised in Portland
Oregon Memphis Tennessee very different
from each other all right it's like
Fresh Prince backwards I don't know if
y'all seen that show super different man
this out different is and Portland
Oregon with school I was the only black
kid at my school right and then I moved
to Memphis Tennessee I was considered
all the white kid the Memphis kids like
you pronounce your words but for real
straight up I was like I do but I won't
if you want to you want to stop I stop I
don't kill scared
one of the kids told me I wasn't black
man like he saw me got up told me I
wasn't black I was like I'm not a Flavor
Flav black but I think this will work
that got it I could get arrested today
if I wanted to
I don't know what you talking about
right definitely black I feel like we're
the only race that got to prove our race
to our race you know like white people
don't gotta prove that they're white
they don't you never had to prove you
were white sir you don't see the
Starbucks coffee huh Connor on prove
that was black to his black dude I was
making the upset by the way he was
telling me I wasn't black like you black
oh no put this mean no no I don't know
if that's a Jedi trick or something like
that because when you did that was like
maybe I'm not black maybe I'm Dominican
wet by chance bullied me in school they
pulled me for wearing glasses man right
that's great it's like dude I like
vision like Whoopi beat up my mom she
didn't eat carrots if we're gonna fight
somebody go to the source
my vision well I don't like now is like
people with 20/20 vision they're walking
around here with fake glasses on these
fences pisses me off man thank you so
angry this is not thing I wish it wasn't
thing it's not I wish everybody with
20/20 vision that puts on fake glasses
catches aids in their eyes if we gotta
play his father god bless these
intruders good like you gotta earn your
glasses man like false claim and vision
like me for real I wouldn't wear glasses
for no reason like I got astigmatism if
I take off my glasses what if my eyes
start slowly drifting to the left on its
own it's like a Forest Whitaker thing
going on you know like my eyes like
Fetty WAP it's like yeah baby
17:38 that's my prescription right you
tellin me gotta argue with this girl cuz
she thinks is a fashion she's I actually
just it's a fashion thing it makes me
look smart and it made me look classy
I was like no it makes you look blind
what are you talking about don't get
superpowers from this you're making fun
of my disability is what you're doing
taller than a fashion that's a jerk move
that's like me going to the clubs who
crutches nobody what a partier then I
just you crippled nah just off the
crutches look at my jeans it's a fashion
crutches James lips nothing I don't like
about glasses you can't fight when you
wear glasses
you can't people with normal eyes they
cheat Oh hide your fear I lost my last
fight because she cheated she did
something totally unnecessary right she
walks up to me she goes fogs up my
glasses beats me up man I was so upset I
was like I gotta get this girl back but
I don't hit women smart you know what I
did I walked up to her I licked my thumb
and I worked her eyebrow off that way
now she can't be happy about what she
just did she has no facial expression
you know exams you gotta have text me
emoji signs and song can't read faces
[Music]
for me how do you go this for magicians
like you got this for me you didn't even
know I was coming up here but thanks
tequila
viagra Mexicans this one one of the many
gifts we brought to America
don't confuse tequila with my beer
there's other tequila
is it serious drinking you know cuz of
you won't remember what you did that's
why your friends take pictures of you if
you won't believe this you think your
elephant me that was you their elephant
I was you were found in in the freak
that wasn't either they show your
pictures on that is me wait you know
you're not supposed to really slam it
that's that crazy white people came over
that because Akhil affects everybody
differently like you know like my uncles
and me you drink a shot of that and you
get all sentimental you think you think
you can sing everybody's got another
sexy yeah pretty fresh one shot will
make a thing to sing and two shots and
let you put out an album you don't
believe me ask Oscar De La Hoya
is that what's the party people i'm
comedian Ranji if you think that videos
the lyrics feel free to like share and
comment on the video below or you can
see is live at Hollywood Long Beach Reno
and Vanya's don't block your bliss uh
yeah
here's a drinking tip for you people
that are drinking tonight
don't drink Coors beer I live in
Colorado now I pee in the water when I
fish this has been a public service
announcement that [ __ ] out of state I'll
give you the history of beer here's how
it works
Canadians make moose head they ship it
to the Rockies we drink that pee in the
water that water gets turned into course
Korres gets shipped to lower States they
drink coolers be off the side of their
bass boat that flows down to Texas and
they make Lone Star people drink a Lone
Star piss off that water flows down to
Mexico they make Corona and they ship it
back to IO and you're like that needs a
line
tastes like this
[Laughter]
Carolla that's a vacation drink that's
what that is when you're on a cruise to
Cozumel why did you just do that
did you go to Cozumel Oh hillbilly
Hawaii were you on a Carnival cruise
carnival Walmart of the water
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I I think you can tell by looking at me
I'm an athlete I play a lot of pickup
basketball so nothing I get the greatest
thing you can get which is the respect
to black people I'll be playing and I
make a great play and then someone will
yell they look like one of three white
oh yeah sometimes it's just random
characters it's like I've got shaggy
from scooby-doo
last week guys play on this guy yelled
out something I've never heard in my
life he goes that I got Lee Harvey
Oswald I did go home and Google Image
what leave her husband looked like
pretty accurate I'll be honest
pretty accurate I was talking to my
friend his girlfriend his girlfriend
Uzza know anything about the NBA and I
was like can you name three and
behaviors and it was a real struggle for
her she was like I was like pastor
president she's like okay uh LeBron
James oh my god
Kobe Bryant my great she's like Brian
Scalabrine third of three NBA players
that was a struggle was a very obscure
partner named brass Kayla brainy not
even in the league anymore and I go to
my friend I'm like I don't know how to
tell you this but your girlfriend is
definitely had sex with brass Gilbert
there's no other explanation I'm
actually married sorry fellas and my
wife she's not even a comedian civilian
and regular folk and she tries to be
funny though we were leaving a coffee
shop she goes leave for the coffee
take the croissant no idea what you're
talking about
she's like those'll I'm the Godfather we
says leave the gun take the cannolis I
was like you changed all of the words
you just said different thing in the
same peanuts that's not how references
working I can't be like nobody puts
creamer to coffee
I don't think we're gonna have kids I
don't feel ready for it I'm selling my
mom's verizon plan that wasn't true but
my own friends like I just do a man
he'll never be ready and it's like he's
like the most hippy person I've ever met
in my life
like he definitely is like if you're
like to pick one for any like this one
shouldn't have a home birth matter sunny
in the dark and under water and I was
like that's how you create a
supervillain someday that kid's gonna be
like you adopt the darkness was born in
it
hold it bags I'll make this a
gender-neutral toys that was liberal
baby me
you
Indiana and Arkansas kind of created a
turning point in our history I think I
think it galvanized people we're finally
moving forward I've always I've always
supported gay rights for a very specific
and personal reason because I'm not a
complete [ __ ] [ __ ] and uh
I was just I don't know I was just
raised that way Anna maybe I was born
that way I don't think it's a choice I
some people are just born [ __ ] than
they do differently I I I dealt with it
this past this past summer last summer
my my 13 year old cousin came out he
just wrote in his facebook hero hey
everyone I'm gay and I hadn't spoken to
him in a couple years and I called him
up and I was like hey I'm so proud of
you that you know that I was I really
was because he doesn't have to pretend
to be something he's not for the next
five ten years of his life he doesn't
have to be ashamed of who he is
then I realized something maybe he
didn't come out and maybe his friends
were just [ __ ] with his facebook like
that's he's 13 years old like that's
what happens when you leave your
facebook open at a friend's house and
you're 13 that's what I just wrote hey
everyone I'm gay and then your creepy
cousin costumes like I'm proud of you
like that's what would happen right
that's what would happen that's what did
happen and that's how it happens
don't get me right I like California but
California's weird sometimes especially
when I sees because people get here the
way you people out here drive nobody
lets anybody emerge just want to merge
never notice you're in bumper-to-bumper
traffic and you make eye contact with
another driver and who pretend hit it
and see you looking at him like hey what
do you think can I come over it's like
naughty and see you looking at me I'm
very focused on going absolutely nowhere
but sometimes you put on your signal and
somebody moves into your blind spot
publoc you that's why I don't signal I
don't want nobody know what I'm doing
sometimes a signal right now move left
you to be an [ __ ] and I finally got
to use the California call boy I Drive
from Hollywood down to Orange County but
you all got a double yellow line which
means you can't get out yes once you
pull into the car pulling that take
that's the last decision you're going to
make you're in I drove right by my exit
I was looking at it here's my egg you
right over there would you look at this
cake look it's all the way to hell over
there now and it's like all the way down
the Tijuana to make a u-turn to come
back to California and then you got
these road signs down by Tijuana East
Coast people have never seen the hell is
this
come on Hollywood don't say you didn't
see this [ __ ] got a family of three
running for D life on a road sign and
I'm thinking as a triathlon in San Diego
I mean what's with the family there's a
Papa a mama little kitty Amy touches
only holy [ __ ] I hope I'm making you had
a wonder what kind of family makes a kid
go Lance sexual kid they should be
pushing him across
did that it like screw him he might not
be on rod
[Music]
who was up here earlier the white east
sound you comic ever followed by an
agent it sounds like the whitest comic
ever this is fantastic comedy seven
o'clock in the morning the way God
intended it's like being in the Army
again I was told to be here at 6:30 it's
like down here they said you're going on
at 7:30 we have a seven time in the
morning the information to find out when
the next formation is I'm a retired
United States Army Staff Sergeant I'm
gonna do that nobody wanted to be around
that the rifle range like he's gonna hit
my targets retire and on that confuses
people because I put 12 we have
fantastic cheese 74 years old
I was a communication sergeant in the
army
like Harry said I'm a radio traffic guy
on the radio so I'm the guy that tells
people how to drive
which is ironic to me out there shown
here it's like these guys are eating
right you're really good foundation at
all
how much
like that right
gently Jackie Chan mr. Miyagi normal
Mike it's funny that I sound like that
since my father was Air Force pilot
Vietnam I came to Biloxi Mississippi
1967 trained to be an Air Force pilot
went back to Vietnam see blue c-141s and
he learned English by watching Star Trek
so my entire life my father
sounded like james t kirk and i was like
why didn't you mimic George Takei he
helped me really find my place
[Applause]
and what happens is the last time I was
here I just go start out my first and
ABC sitcom which is fantastic I comes on
believe it or not blackish
[Applause]
I told my dad he goes really not fresh
off the boat that seems like my first TV
gig here now that my first TV gig ever
so my father was an Air Force pilot in
Vietnam he was put in a prisoner of war
camp at 75 with what Saigon fell escape
brought my family to United States my
first use gig in LA I played a bit calm
sniper history channel so I had to call
my dad it was like yo I got to tell you
something you're gonna see a thing on TV
I just want you to know I had to do it
he goes what did you do I'm a sniper in
Vietnam on the History Channel he goes
oh my god I thought you're gonna say
you're doing gay porn selling myself for
rent money already gave me a chance
I'm gonna see my family a couple weeks
run on a family cruise which is worse
than sere school but on that right now
33 people on a boat for seven days I'll
punch myself any face probably be with
my nieces and nephews which is great I
just stand it every time I see my nieces
and nephews they make me realize why I'm
gonna be an awful father just got it
this is a squad for real thing
my sister sent me a text message said my
16 year old niece has just been chosen
to go represent her school her family
her country overseas for a year she's
doing that at 16 I just found a letter
for my high school telling my parents
that as an Asian I failed math twice
that's how they took my Asian card away
really good to see you guys here mister
rate to handy
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you guys for coming out I believe
it with this I came to LA over a decade
ago I didn't know anybody Derek right
Jacob Isana gave me my career and just a
couple months ago I came here to do a
set my family came to the United States
immigrants with nothing my parents want
to give their kids the American dream
my older brothers chemical engineer my
older sister's a federal agent my
younger sister built rockets for the
government and I tell fart jokes really
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm sure I'm still trying to I'm still
trying to process what happened and I
think that the way to process it is to
is to speak up and I don't always I
don't always have the courage to I was
uh I was in line behind to abortion
protesters once at a an office depot
here's how I figured out they were
abortion protesters they [ __ ] told me
they just brought it up like it was
nothing I'm just standing there minding
my own they're like we're late or
abortion protests and I'm like I'm
buying a printer we have two very
different days plans I looked in their
basket though because I didn't know what
they were buying I wanted to see what
they were buying I've never been to
abortion protests I wanted to see what
they're buying a little macabre but I
look in their basket they had a poster
board which made sense for the signs and
they had a glitter which did not make
sense for the signs I don't care what
side of the coin you're on never take a
picture of a dead fetus and give it jazz
hands like that's a terrible idea
hopefully that was just for a separate
side project like just an impulse buy
the register where they're just like oh
we need this for a diorama next week
like just completely different and these
guys were dicks and they weren't dicks
because they were mean like they we have
a different political opinion you can
disagree with someone doesn't make
either of you a bad person it just means
you disagree they were dicks because
they were mean to me that the line was
taking too long and that was out of my
control
[ __ ] I'm behind them and there John my
ear off like I can do some about it like
we're late or abortion protest I'm like
I'm gonna be late to a meeting we're led
to her abortion protest yeah we're all
gonna be late to something we're late or
abortion protest after five minutes it
finally I spoke up I turned them and I
said you know if you guys supported
abortion maybe this line would have been
shorter
they stopped talking glad you guys let
me get away with that one I understand
that that is a touchy subject for some
people very conservative I would have
had a better luck performing an actual
abortion on stage in telling nacho
taking a volunteer from the crowd you
like does anyone have any pregnant women
now who's got a flight of stairs you
know something like that because because
I'm not a doctor
I don't have a problem dating anybody to
like like I'm getting to the point now I
was like I just date anybody man I don't
give a [ __ ] like I've lost I've lost
that thing that people have when they go
on date what's it called standards yeah
thank you yeah I don't have that right
that [ __ ] that [ __ ] is that [ __ ] just
holds you back man now I'd date anybody
man like I'll tell you I'll tell you
truth only only only group I had trouble
dating is a white girl when I know that
I'm her first black guy it's a lot of
pressure man like I could mess it up for
a whole race of people
I'm the Jackie Robinson of that vagina
one slip-up and it's back to the Negro
League and then whatever little whatever
little thing you do like whatever little
odd thing you do then you gotta like you
gotta explain you gotta like explain to
her like she thinks it's like a black
thing now like so I gotta explain her as
a hey look every black guy doesn't curl
up in a ball and cry after sex that's
just some [ __ ] I'm working it's not a
black thing okay anyway I just here's
how dumb I am I dated this girl from the
first time first time we started a she
told me um she does not like sex and
then I still dated her like here's why
here's why the ladies cuz men don't
really listen to you when you say that
like she specifically told me she does
not like sex but what I heard was I have
not like sex thus far once I write that
chocolate Love Train
I'll be good
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
the Transformers usually become a
liability without steak sometimes you
walk into a Mini Cooper maybe a missile
silo causing all kinds of death then the
office thing I always walks around
accidents doesn't matter
it looks like these faculties but in an
accident and don't breed lizards gonna
help you right now
[Applause]
[Music]
that's why they got enjoy the beginning
of relationship that's my favorite part
ones favorite parts the beginning eyes
when you're perfect and she's perfect
because you've shared zero information
it's just lies going back and forth how
was your day amazing how was your day
incredible come on drink beer and get
naked yes I do women say the nicest
stuff early on you're the best thing
that ever happened to me
look you fed a rough life
gonna play those little games right I
say I love you my girl would be like I
love you more and I'd be like I love you
more I love you more try that after
years with the same purse yeah say I
love you I love you more here you're
probably right okay that's what I'm not
good at that mushy like kind of in Big
Talk stuff like I told my last
girlfriend I said I love you she's like
do you love love me I was like I love
you to the third power
she's like what does that mean I don't
know is your game what are we doing so
you love me but are you in love I was
like I am I'm about love what's that I
don't know where I thought we were
adding conjunctions I don't know what
we're doing here not good at any of that
stuff she'd ask me questions I was
always didn't know the answer she'd be
like tell me something about you that no
one else knows and I was like I have
been collecting Hotel soaps for the last
seven years why would you tell me well
if we end up together you're never gonna
need to buy soap but it is about love
right now you gotta love her you got to
tell them you love them to every man no
smart man no you better say I love you
to that woman especially when they're
angry Hanson I'm always like I love you
nearly all right you still love me if I
gain 500 pounds and why is that one of
your goals and the mushy ER you can say
it the better I heard a guy tell his
girlfriend I love you a little more
every day and the girls like that's the
sweetest thing I've ever heard and I was
like I'm gonna memorize them tried it at
my girl didn't go as well I was like I
love you a little more every day she was
like wow unless you thing huh
I was like one well if you love me more
every day that mean you're gonna love me
more tomorrow than you do today who's
like ooh so right now you're not loving
me as much as you could know I love you
a ton now you're gonna grow the capacity
to love more overnight it was like can I
have a lawyer
because it's just an emotion right you
fall in love your body creates chemicals
for that person and then over time your
body builds a resistance to those
chemicals like there's some sort of
bacteria I used to love you now I'm
allergic to you what's the only kind of
love that fades is romantic love no
other love fades right you love your
kids forever you love your pets forever
I'm never Nate your Oh like I'm getting
sick of Grandma it's the same [ __ ] every
time cookies in a five dollar check
spice it up
you know we deal with a lot of different
stereotypes you know that like like some
are true some are like that stereotype
do you know that all black people with
dreadlocks smoke weed
that's [ __ ] all why do you wore
dreadlocks smoke weed another stereotype
black people deal with you know you know
all black people smoke cigarettes smoke
menthols it's [ __ ] all white chicks
are smoke menthols [ __ ] black dudes I
like hanging out in Hollywood man you
know I was at a another spot a couple of
an hour ago and yes there's a house that
another spot and I met a nice-looking
white chick you know I'm not racist when
it comes to vagina so I'll go to the
white jacket hello I'm rich Dingles
comedian been on to showtime specials
would you like a drink and she looks at
me and goes I don't play in the mud I
was like that's cool [ __ ] I don't need
crackers
that's another stereotype about black
sexual stereotypes about black dudes
that you know all black dudes have big
dicks thanks I'm not gonna argue with
that
Asian guy do you argue that you're good
at math buck no you got an abacus
[ __ ] that I'm just saying you know I was
hanging out my best friend his name's
Josh he's a white guy explains his name
right and Josh looks at me we're smoking
out right which is obvious and josh has
me to join we're lit he hands me guns
like he's old dude how come you black
guys just such big dicks right I said
cuz God [ __ ] up our hair he's old dude
that makes sense
oh yeah that's why we can't swim it's an
anchor
I'm not saying all black dudes have big
penises understand I speaking for me
okay I'm not a I'm not the black penis
advocate I'm speaking for me you know
because we're in the 21st century now
but now that thing about dudes naming
their penis
that's right dudes name their penis so
I've decided to join the trend and I've
given my penis the name the truth
because some chicks can't handle the
truth
apparently the truth hurts
I went to oh I'm a big fan big fan I
Walmart and stuff like a probably
obvious and then I think outside of LA
in New York we everybody likes Walmart
except like them I'm way onboard they
like my stores to do good everywhere and
I love you don't like Walmart I get it
it's like big business like it kills the
mom-and-pop shops but really Walmart I
mean they where a mom-and-pop shop at
some point and then they got their act
together and became unbelievable so I
was like I'm gonna just ride these guys
out there always open one more
they never they never closed mom-and-pop
shops closed for no reason you're just
going there you're like why are you
closed today like we're sad okay
you know if there's a sign for that
Walmart you could shoot the entire staff
there would be an hour of confusion and
they'd be up and running again every
Walmart is oh got a pretty nice little
system down there nice little something
to do I went to a Kmart the other day
now I do look down on Kmart I you know
I'm not a target guy and then I asked
I'm not better than everybody but I'm in
the middle it goes sorry
it goes King Mart Walmart Target that's
nothing that's all common knowledge I'm
not splitting the atom up here that's
you know no one wants to go to Kmart
so I we have been you ever go into the
store though and like you think someone
works there because like whatever
they're wearing just matches everybody
else so I had that Kmart is actually
worse is livid because I walked in I
walked up this guy and I go hey but did
you know what the raises are at anything
the guy goes what I don't work here dude
so I was like oh and I looked over he
was wearing because it's like oh I made
a mistake
then he was wearing a football jersey so
it was like way obvious he did not work
there so I didn't look at his clothes
all I judged his face and figured his
face worked at Kmart but even when he
was like I don't work here was like come
on man you pray have an idea of where
they're at they're like if this is your
king
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what do you guys study what are you
doing English
that's [ __ ] cheating SEC what are you
studying breathing I'm doing extra
credit look you already know English
that's kind of [ __ ] cheating I think
it's like are you studying being black
no it's the same [ __ ] thing
hey but at least you get if you get to
Green faster how about you what do you
study for game gaming design like doing
gay game stuff well that's cool you
don't even Asian so that's good
there any Asians are Indians here that
could help her what are you studying
baby hurry vocal performance and you
still shy got a feeling you're not going
to graduate that's good that's see now
that's a [ __ ] challenge
you speak English perfectly new studying
English
she's majoring in vocal performance and
[ __ ] the [ __ ] don't say [ __ ]
that is a challenge you I'm proud of you
you ain't gonna graduate but I'm proud
of you
it's a good-looking car we got Latinos
in here too I could tell see there they
are Shh you can't even say Latinos they
[ __ ] lose their minds any Latinos
that house ready shooting guns in the
air a [ __ ] pinata drops down it's a
party every time every time when you
guys talk it sounds like music when you
talk it baby
Rome peaking power on pump I think I'm
surprised you don't [ __ ] do this [ __ ]
when you talk don't [ __ ] get back on
I went to one of those Latin clubs those
dance clubs [ __ ] those people goddamn
it's like you walk in and they bombard
you with that music right away at home
go go go compete the wrong pocket income
and it's like [ __ ] I'm like in there for
like seven hours right and my buddy
who's all into that she'd he's like bro
this is my favorite song like this is
song that was playing when we first
[ __ ] got here you know and there's
always some badass [ __ ] dancer dude
on the dance floor he always wants you
to learn you always want you to learn
right he's like and then he always tells
you it's not bro you can do it it's easy
it's really easy and what [ __ ] is not
[ __ ] easy not it's easy he's always
adding extra [ __ ] it's like why are you
sweating so much Jesus a Latino can say
anything on a date and it's sexy hey
baby
pull the car over I've got to take a
piece
and she's like pee on me because that
was sexy what you just said you asked
for a baby zipper Oh piggy I think
you know you get older when you start
recording documentaries on your DVR
that's how you know like [ __ ] this
Lakers game I'm trying to see what's up
with that
Australian land mole otherwise watch
your documentary and the voice on it was
American I'm saying look I don't know
about you guys when I'm watching
documentaries
I need my voiceovers to be British
that's just me something about a British
voice over against a documentary way
more credibility I want you talking
literally in the voices from Brooklyn I
might feel the need to question your
facts okay really really proud of us
only has six babies let me talk to Siri
real quick see what yes I'm excited
about Jason Collins coming out he's gay
he's a wizard
I don't know how you guys feel about I
really care I'm PC so I think that's a
big deal you know he'd come out things
Greg came out he showed himself he's gay
first professional athlete the only
thing though he's a horrible basketball
player and now we can't cut him cuz he's
gay you can sit down Wizards cut gay
player we can't even write it down you
know say lazy
he's the voices to get youth he's a hero
to LGBTQ community
yeah but the [ __ ] haven't three
points three rebounds we don't want that
you got to make baskets before you make
history you know even Jackie Robinson
had the numbers
like the riot you want you write you out
the riot you have to flip over cars like
we did you want to [ __ ] you can't get
your rights by holding hands and singing
Kumbaya no people have got to die you
gotta have smarter stronger the King
John F Kennedy if Rosie O'Donnell ain't
willing to take a bullet for this [ __ ]
it ain't gonna happen
I think some Africans outside Africans
here at all - three African section but
I people what happened why I declare
black people yeah we still claim though
we know it's a long time ago it's good I
suggest if you want to go to Africa man
please do all right it's a beautiful
place it's beautiful people just be
careful all right because driving in
Africa is like playing Mario Kart in
real life yeah I'm saying make sure to
pack some turtles and bananas
the shit's about to go down you know my
mom she wasn't used to at first right
when she was a smooth America she's
driving up the high school we pull up to
a sign it's a red light the sign says
don't you turn the light turned green
right she begins to make a u-turn my mom
what are you doing the sign says no
u-turn she said shut up I can read it
I'm just going to make AC instead see
time okay miles a crib cooking for a
while now I'm excited for her mom and
dad celebrate 30 year anniversary and
I'm saying this guy right here is like
[ __ ] marriage it's too late it's too
late
we know they hate each other they do you
know but after 10 years it's all about
the record in my room and people ask me
what's the secret man how did they make
it so long and I tell you right now it's
all about honesty brutal hilarious
[ __ ] honesty
alright they have fun with it one time
mom my dad bought mom a shirt for
anniversary she put it on she said Chris
I creams please tell me the truth
did this year maybe look fat he said
please my love huh do not blame me shut
let's be accountable for our actions if
anything you make that show look fat
though is that is crazy you always get
mad or smallest things you know he's the
African he hated when we have things
that he didn't have even when he buy it
for us right he's by all types of cereal
now in type of person I like to
overbought us here when I'm young remix
it and then watch recess in the morning
right my daddy pissed off and come in
the kitchen she needed why don't you
guys open up the Golden Grahams the
cinnamon toast crunch in the Apple Jacks
at the same time
don't you know one on sale I'm like
they're relaxed I know you relax let me
tell you something back in Nigeria
didn't have there nothing going about it
little Cinnamon Toast Crunch lucky boy
me in my eighty two brothers we only had
one piece of toast to crunch on we just
take advice in passing down the line
there are no Apple Jacks we have to go
outside with our guns and jock apples
like [ __ ] son it was cheap as hell
around 10 years over I had straight A's
I'm a smart kid man straight A's my
whole class is gonna Magic Mountain
right I'm begging my dad back and I
please get some money so I go to match
him all my class instead of your money
he spend the whole day trying to fence
me that matching melon wasn't real
what's what is this Magic Mountain you
speak on you're too old to believe in
magic mountain crazy boy go and get the
map show me West Magic Mountain nah yeah
I see Mount Everest the Himalayas or
Rocky Mountains I don't see no Magic
Mountain yeah
I'm only doing like [ __ ] he's right it's
no Magic Mountain I live with my teacher
trying to do to me you know did a
commercial came on it made dance not
[ __ ] around man give me some money
sucker right super me
say you want to write Superman hmm are
you Gail easy my mom finally gave me
some cash like thanks mom I appreciate
him ask my dad can't get some money buy
food now alright use me a buck fifty to
go to [ __ ] magic now I'm like dad I'm
gonna get a bag cracker Jess with this
he says so then by Cracker Jacks you
should be looking back in that Julia
then they'll Cracker Jacks me after Jack
right yes oh that was close I won't say
white people man
was close
I got a little messy I just took them to
the Wizarding World of Harry Potter my
little nephew was dumped we're walking
around I was drinking butter beer I was
drinking regular beer I was drinking a
little whiskey I brought my flask I was
doing uncle [ __ ] I was killing the uncle
game then we came around a corner and
there was this group of tourists whose
children all looked at me and in unison
they were like hey they lost their
goddamn mind I thought I was a fictional
monster or whatever the [ __ ] it is from
the goddamn book and the best part is
all the parents were like oh my god
words I'm sorry I can sing your Hagrid
but will you please take pictures listen
up about it we've been here since 8:00
in the mark I did it I posed for 18
photos 18 they're all in Wizard gowns
holding wands I'm just standing behind
them posing like a regular dude get
money and magic what up I'm excited
though they don't like four or five
years you kids are flipping through
family photos they're gonna be like who
the [ __ ] is this guy oh that's Hagrid
sweetheart no it isn't
that Hagrid after he lost this job and
started going through a divorce that
dragon took everything I assume he [ __ ]
dragons I don't know
[Music]
this is interesting I'm gonna be a
another an uncle again and how that
works my sister's pregnant with her
first child that she wants so she's
keeping it yeah he's got an Audi so uh
it's an a6 you keep those ones it's
health insurance she asked me to be the
Godfather of her of the baby which was
really flattering but surprising because
I am a godparent to a 12 year old girl
that I've seen three times since she's
been born which is not good I'm not
doing well with God parenting at least
the parenting part the God part I'm
doing pretty good because she's not even
sure I exist
you know she's heard my name and there's
a picture of me in her house but like
where are you she texts me her mom was
like you come in her next birthday I
might just have faith my friend brought
me to a brunch and then she brought me
and she's a witch so she got me into
power crystals
so I spent $15 on mimosas and then $97
on three rocks that give you powers and
I used to carry them always and I was
like really embarrassed about it I had
three and I lost one so I had to I had
sexual energy and motivation which sound
rapey as by themselves well I
carried him with me and I had a third
one that made more sense but I lost it
at a girl's house I was I was there I
was taking my pants off because the
crystals were working and
my favorite one fell out of my pocket
and I didn't notice his lebecq's day
when she stepped on it was like what's
this weird rock doing on my floor I'm
like I've never seen that before in my
entire life she's like okay and she
threw in the garbage and I totally let
her because that was easier than me
being like no wait that's my confidence
crystal no I'm not gonna say that
without my confidence crystal it
so important this
[Music]
I mean some you know I like hanging out
with my friends sometimes but sometimes
you know you have old friends that you
grew up with that you just shouldn't
hang out with anymore
Pookie's the same guy who says my man
you'd never make it in jail thank god
that's not a goal of mine it's not how
much to do this toilet paper get locked
up I never want to go to jail man I'll
be the first to know
never and I'm gonna be honest rape would
be a concern I just don't know if I'm
strong enough to rape anybody
thank you sir you like that one huh
this black guys fantastic have to sit
down to email this is awesome
some people you shouldn't hang around
with and you listen we all have these
friends you know when you're hanging
around with somebody you shouldn't hang
around with when they use this phrase
here's a phrase where you could sit you
could use this and go I can't hang
around with this guy anymore
and the phrase is if you ever hang out
with somebody he goes hey man you only
live once that is always followed by a
bad decision
she always says it you be on a club like
oh man I'm so loaded one more shot of
tequila
no I can't man come on you only live
once shouldn't that be a warning and not
a challenge like man I'm gonna have sex
without a condom amen
you only live once
I hope my wife make it we got a lot of
stuff go to guess it's like my wife but
one that doesn't like her oh yeah let's
rewind my wife she is she is white got
one right hashtag take that truck
he doesn't like alright I just want make
sure Australian sejoon bringing home a
white woman to meet your Latino family
let's not wait dad bring a woman to meet
you latino dad is amazing it's better
than bringing home a Harvard degree it
is my dad saw her he got excited he got
emotional she walked in the door he
loved all my good we made it we did he
started calling this for a subscriber
billing she's a brand new car because I
mean I you up the cup see this one yeah
brand-new fully-loaded white now bring
home a white woman to meet you latina
bum that's what we had the problem yeah
my wife went over to my mother tried to
shake her hand she's like this Romaric
pleasure to finally meet my mom look
there's the Hat no thank you I walked
off yeah I don't run after mother hey
what are you doing
do you be nice to this would please be
nice I like this one be nice you ever
tell your mother to be nice to somebody
she don't want to be nice to
okay I'd be nuts we sitting out for
dinner my mother's very religious what
she likes to pray before meals in her
prayer she started bad-mouthing my wife
she like everybody by you hints thank
you for this being we're about to have
please hit my son get out of the
clutches of nathie I'm not now guys my
wife doesn't speak Spanish and I wish
[Music]
I'd let you say your cute butt down so
we gotta go we gotta go hope we made
some of the biggest fears if my wife is
gonna turn me white that's her fear and
she loses her mind over any little thing
like the other day I walked in the house
had a bottle of water in my hair my mom
lost her [ __ ] today I meana oh nice and
Fiji he said I'm doing with that water
[Applause]
[Music]
as a matter of fact one of the best
perks this is one of the best perks of
being from the hood like I am and uh
being on TV is that now when I walk into
clubs people actually recognize me you
know they acknowledge me as an artist as
as a comedian and stuff like that
because before before I got on 30 rock
if I walked into a club people just look
at me and think I'm security or
something see that wasn't supposed to be
a joke
come on y'all everybody looks at the big
ball hit it black dude and thinks we're
security like we don't have no other
skills I have other skills ladies and
gentlemen as a matter of fact if you
really think I'm security let a fight
break out and watch what I don't do oh
you know what his some people do to me
that really gets on my nerves every day
of my adult life right strangers come up
to me these people don't even know me
and they just call me big man big man
like it's okay you're big man you make
me you big man you big me know you
should really play football
big man you'd be good at some football
now what kind of thing is that to say to
me you don't see me going around saying
hey little guy are you a jockey little
fella
you should really ride horses little man
and they mess up they're here totally
inappropriate point is don't just call
us big man don't just look at us and
because we happen to be kind of large
think it's okay to call us big man just
boxing us in the corner I don't
appreciate that it's not right it's not
even fair it's very sizes
what else to talk about tonight I'm from
Texas original ad Texas yeah yeah seven
cowboy hats were held up in the back I
know it is good to see you guys I'm from
Texas I grew up in a little town called
middle hey you have to say it that way
it may not have a house Texas that's a
proper pronunciation it's a kind of
place it doesn't matter like what
restaurant you walk into someone will
come up be like yeah welcome to the
restaurant
my name's Tonya get your shuttle with
some chips and snails yah yah yah yah
yah but like that woman doesn't even
work there it's just a lady in the lobby
vary from the people smidge of a meth
problem in my hometown very look tooth
to person ratio out there for being
honest
I do live in LA now things are going
pretty good I live in East Hollywood
look at me brag I uh please laughs I may
not be able to hear you over the volume
of my hair I am no I do live in East
Hollywood it's going pretty good
we just got a new neighbor it's exciting
it is a new sidewalk fridge that someone
jumped off so that is really great stuff
anyway I live in East Hollywood I was
working in Culver City I'm not working
right now I in the state from San and I
am that's fine I'm getting out there
exploring different remote lays and I uh
just a lotta reasons to love Chipotle I
like the wall art that's right bit of
the culture vulture up here and town not
sure if you guys are seeing there's just
other pictures of Chipotle Chipotle like
is this a new label it's I love it
anyway this joke so I do I was working
in Culver City what we do with the bike
stand all right I am yeah this is my
first time on the stage and I fall off
and bleed out all right I am we could go
out the way we want I am dark alright I
was working in Culver City every morning
it's like 12 miles and that doesn't mean
of course I have you guessed in 17 hour
commute every morning
I'll never forget one day I was going to
work it was late it was actually late
you know for a meeting I have the
following Tuesday and taya but I don't
know what I'm gonna do I have to go to
the bathroom in rush hour traffic I know
what I'm gonna do I think I'm gonna have
to go to the bathroom in the cop you
know but then it's like what do you do
with a cup of poo so anyway you are live
in the car making a left turn in rush
hour that is what you do with the
jack-in-the-box kaput guys I'm in kpop
[Applause]
[Music]
the [ __ ] thieves man I grew up with
jerk-offs my god all my friends are
refusing to get older like my buddies
calling me up he's like yo Dawg I'm
coming out to LA for spring break
you're 47 dude it's over can everyone to
college what the hell are you taking a
break from you're a bookie and whatever
myspace pays your grown-ass man that's
embarrassing put a shirt on every
picture my friend say oh they're all no
shirts on with the Guido lips all right
they're all tatted up with fangs only
god can judge me you lay tile what's he
gonna judge your grout work
every time I'm on let's go out let's go
out [ __ ] it come on I know the guy at
the door we'll get right in [ __ ]
bottles of Grey Goose to brand I don't
give a [ __ ] I got it I got it I got
that's how I tell times like that you
ever get the guy that wants to buy
drinks no I got it like that come on I
know I still live at home but I got it
don't worry about it don't worry and
he's got to give you the hand signals
and let the whole club know he's buying
drinks come on what do you want we would
drink we'll do shots come on
it's Monday night let's do shots and
what are those Navin shot seriously I'm
afraid to try no come on let's do a shot
you won't do a [ __ ] on the ocean how
about it going blind you want to do
another [ __ ] go blind dude I know
we'll do a bar - let me get a 200 s
furnace for everybody and I think he
makes them up because even the
bartender's that know what's in it yeah
the guy's like I'm sorry sir but what's
in an ass burner
it's like [ __ ] that shouldn't even be
together in a drink oh yeah my bad it's
Patrol
chewing tobacco I of Newt what are you
Harry Potter what the [ __ ] are we drink
I've been thinking a lot more about
trans issues about prominent trans
people in the media and I think I've
decided hot to take here everyone but
I'm not the biggest fan of Caitlyn
Jenner settle down
here's why right first of all like
there's no doubt that what Caitlyn did a
few years ago in terms of like coming
out in a really public way and bringing
visibility of the trans community was
huge right there's no doubt about that
there's also no doubt though that she
killed someone with her car right so
yeah strike one right yeah that we
really Matthew Broderick Terr on that
one
for those of you don't know what maybe
one person knows Matthew Broderick
actually killed two people with his car
but we as a society collectively forgot
and forgave him I can only assume
because of Inspector Gadget I know you
know but listen I don't just dislike
Caitlyn Jenner because of the hick Euler
manslaughter right um it's also cuz
politics Caitlyn is a staunch Republican
which is fine this is the part of the
show where I find out what the politics
of the Laugh Factory are but we're in
too deep so let's go Caitlyn Caitlyn
voted for Trump in 2016
and she said during the campaign that
she thought that Trump would be quote an
avid defender of LGBT rights and women's
rights if only there was some way we
could have another that wouldn't
possibly be true right listen I and I
actually don't think that Trump himself
necessarily hates gay people hate trans
people honestly like I think he doesn't
care and he lasts a capacity for empathy
for one who looks different than he does
any weaponized the bigotry of supporters
for a political gain right
I do think though that Mike Pence hates
gay people and I would like I would love
to have a conversation with him about it
and um here's how I think we go I'll be
like hey Mike Mikey boy um what if gay
people were people um and I think the
way that he would react is he would just
sort of like malfunction and like and
tweak out and the small larval alien
maggot that like lives in his brains and
operates his limbs with little toggles
were just like abort his brain exit his
mouth and leave his husky body just like
standing there I'm referring of course
to a York from the popular science
fiction young adult series animorphs
none of you okay one yeah one well this
guy yeah okay um for the rest of you I'm
almost out of time but I have to go over
this Ian's Animorphs the Yerkes were a
parasitic alien species lives inside
people's brains right and their
competition with the Andalites a sort of
mystical centaur lookin alien species
the Cape Iraq tag group teens the
ability to morph in animals has
animorphs there were 54 books in the
series I read them all in the third and
the fourth grade because I was very
smart and questionably autistic so
that's an amorphous
and I don't really have a takeaway from
that
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
how many Iranians here here on Ian's let
me hear it
Iranian that's very nice of you very
nice lady nice I'm glad y'all came out
that's very sweet man
Iranian czar good people man you know
one thing a lot of cool thing is there's
so many Iranians live in Los Angeles
that actually other races are very
familiar with our culture like you know
white guy for example like a lot of my
white friends a day they've dated
Persian girls like oh yeah I did it this
guy named noodle affair hey so cool I
always have something to say but you
know Middle East Middle East you're a
woman I'm gonna say this Middle Eastern
woman they all have one thing in common
one thing they all say these when you
meet a Middle Eastern or specifically a
Persian girl when you meet them they all
say the same line like oh how high were
you from Persia nice to meet you I know
I am Persian
I am Persian
but I'm not a typical Persian girl
[Applause]
I swear I'm not a typical I'm very
different
I am so different you don't even know I
just I'm not a typical dancing girl and
you lookin like are you serious like
you're wearing black hair to toe five
pounds of makeup and a Gucci bag and a
nose job
no no this is nothing you're sure this
is not a nose job
see I had breathing problem
I had a breathing problem at the doctor
said you have to get a job right now see
I couldn't breathe my nose was like
these and the end was getting stuck in
the mountain right here
no seriously and my brain was going
without of oxygen so I had to give it no
job right there I didn't care to make it
beautiful I just had to do it now my
nose is like this when I breathe go
straight into my head oh I feel so much
better
I have not a typical person god
[Applause]
so what's it like in Germany I'm Jewish
is that cool just checking making sure
things have changed so you guys are
together did you guys meet on like a
Germany online dating or was it like in
a bar how did it go down America Online
dating oh you're from America Singapore
so you're from Germany
you're from Singapore and you meant on
an American dating site
what was it called favorite one is this
real I thought I knew every dating site
like this is favorite one gin isn't like
tinder it's the same [ __ ] why did they
call it white he is do tinder it's a
German tinder but he said it was an
American dating so I feel pretty too
deep into this [ __ ] right now
I do a lot of online dating I only do
the Jewish apps though I don't mean the
religious ones I mean the free ones
or the German claps at that [ __ ] that's
what he doesn't applaud break on awesome
very cool dating is weird you're lucky
you got someone now you date a lot
before her no because she's sitting
there pretty much the first girl I ever
dated actually it's expensive when you
date a lot when especially when you're
the guy like we have to pick the girl up
and buy the dinners and the drinks the
next morning we have to buy Plan B right
morning-after pill is not cheap you guys
I started buying that [ __ ] in bulk at
Costco I'm always classy when I buy a
girl Plan B though I'm not like these
other dudes who make the girl take it
with water you know I always buy the
girl a juice Plan B in juice I call it a
PB&J
[Applause]
I'm trying to figure out why the box for
Plan B is so big has anyone else notice
this [ __ ] you think you're buying 12
pills there's one pill in this box the
pill is this big and it comes in a
[ __ ] pizza box for some reason it's
such a waste we don't have to kill a
tree to
[Applause]
thank you that's fine boxes how many
times you bought Plan B two times what
that's nothing the box is so big though
by the way I walk into the store and
they give it to me I'm like they should
be just selling this in the board game
section keep it right between risk and
life right under sorry
I'd still buy the plan B though because
I don't want to come back in two months
and after my operation
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of married people here tonight I
hear you guys married
yeah you got kids that's awesome I
almost had kids with my girlfriend and
but there was pressure she went to have
kids right away we'd be at the park
walking the dog she'd see a couple with
a baby it's like we need a baby
Just My Luck you never see anybody at
the park with like a flat-screen TV my
technological clock is tickin that's all
I'm saying
but I worry about weird things can I ask
you a personal question when she was
pregnant did you still yeah I couldn't
do that no way absolutely not two
reasons one it's your wife
[Laughter]
don't get mad you know I'm just kidding
right
it's a beautiful woman I'd work her like
a second job I just worry about weird
things like I'd be scared to death
there's somebody inside going ah I did
that joke at one show when a woman yells
out silly that's how they get dimples
[Applause]
I got totally creeped out because I have
dimples
[Music]
women are amazing to me simple faculty
this is why you are better than all the
cement trust mammoth when my very first
niece was born when I realized how
awesome you are right when my very first
niece was born she was 12 pounds eight
ounces
yes I'm guessing that fit I'm gonna
don't do those like I do bench that well
off one plate oh look a curled edge but
that's how I found out how big it was
people's reactions especially you ladies
especially questions you ask because you
always ask the same question after a
baby's born you guys are always like so
how big was the name how painful and be
a reaction I what well it was 12 pounds
8 ounces way but oh hell no no no I'm
intense dude I don't really tell big
that baby was so Thanksgiving Day I know
Tuesday come on come on like this food
feed all these you have to think for a
couple let's broke that turkey might how
big that damn let's go fat my fish in
the corners using a walker trying to get
[Music]
god bless you ladies that's why you're
awesome thank you for having children
I'm happy with that deal thank you thank
you thank you
can I tell you what if you ever pull a
and a meet 12 pounds 8 ounces I never
loved it
never in a million oh man whenever we've
decided we're not built like that that
makes you passion no way we're doing
[Applause]
achievement every little pretty alright
I like you guys you like you a lot
especially this statue you know why and
you applauded me taking an invisible
baby over your head that's my kind of
people right there we're getting this
thing going now yeah what's the part of
people i'm comedian Ranji you think that
videos the lyrics
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see is live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and then
you don't block your blessing oh yeah
I wish I were a sexy kind of Latino from
like Spain or Argentina with that accent
you'll talk about the how old is doing
women love that accent a well call some
guys walk up the girls at bars that I
hold you I want to make love to you
women lose their minds like oh my god
he's excited I can't do that Guatemalan
accent not sexy
Puerto Rican accent worst accent ever
let's be honest let's be I yeah
no woman wanted to come home these
flower petals on the floor candles lit
in is her guy how are you I want to
throw you with my peepee my god put it
away Hector I feel bad I wish that
action we're better I really do this is
how bad it is you could have the most
important job in the world that actually
gives you no credibility a couple weeks
ago I took a flight the captain was
Puerto Rican I got right off that plane
I think we hear a plane is supposed to
hear that soothing jazz voice you know
talk my book this is a Christmas tree
this is what I heard hello everybody
[Applause]
we are going to fly to do your they say
they buy ours I going to do it is three
but never weird a couple weeks my
parents joined Facebook that's the
reaction I expected my parents don't
belong on Facebook they don't understand
Facebook that's the problem like my dad
says me messages every day and in his
message he describes who he is like his
name and picture don't appear on my
screen so every message starts out the
same like me who is me you fall in I am
married to you more there we grew up
together because I called me a question
about Facebook to even get a question
from your parent it's almost borderline
inappropriate a couple days ago I get
this one he like me who why don't you
put my face I was like what you put my
face I poke your face together and we
poke you more than his face oh my god
you know what not my mother does not
understand the concept of writing on my
wall she thinks it's a one-on-one
conversation so she puts up family
secrets and gossip two days ago I get
this one on my wall she's like mijo
don't tell nobody
she's like you cousin Christina got
another abortion hashtag kaput our
clique Wow
I was like you just told everybody and I
got 15 likes
you
I was a lot of jury duty finally had to
go they kept sending letters she'd got
more and more threatening with each
letter finally sent one said look you
can either be a juror or a defendant I
better get my ass down there
my first mistake was wearing Arnage you
don't want to do that when you call down
to the courthouse and [ __ ]
Jerry duty it's [ __ ] I don't know
neither did it but it's [ __ ] up man
it's like a big waste of time like you
get there there's a big room like this
and there's two 300 of us in the room
and you get your hopes up they say if
you don't get called if northern courts
upstairs calling you you can go home and
you're done it's first in a tiny
something I can't the guy won't get
called you know I've never won anything
[Laughter]
[ __ ] first round draft Ruggieri do the
eyes you go right upstairs and then they
bring you in they bring like 50 of us in
and they have to pick 18 jurors out of
the 50 the first thing they do is
explain the case to you right and then
I'm not supposed to talk to you about
the case so I'll tell you what it was
who the young brother he was being
charged with being a gangbanger and he's
charged with murder and [ __ ] right so
right off I had a moral dilemma I'm like
do I want to put another young black man
in jail like and I'm not really then I'm
thinking but what if it's a [ __ ]
murderer [ __ ] you know so that's in the
back of my
get to me I was number 33 I think I have
18 honest people before they're happy
I'm saying next thing I hear
number 32 I was like five so I go up
there they ask you to dumbest [ __ ]
questions in the world
the lawyers question you the defense
lawyer who he was like do you believe
but just because someone's in a gang
they involved in criminal activity and I
was like that's the whole why would you
I think the rest of the gang would be a
said do you know anyone in the prison
system and I'm like [ __ ] black a man
of course I know people in the [ __ ]
criminal justice system you know they
like dude have you ever dealt with the
police I'm like once again I'm black
police and I told about I was honestly
listen what do you think but I said man
tell you the truth I get hassled by the
police on a regular basis I'm not
exactly friends with the cops is like
what do you mean by that I said well I
get tired of being pulled over for
driving while black you know I have nice
cars on my lap and I get pulled a said
when's the last time that happened I was
like [ __ ] all the way here I was pulling
into the parking lot now you know so so
I had to deal with all that I wanted I
wanted to get righteous Ottoman [ __ ] you
know I wonder because they ask do you
have any biases that we should you know
that you can't injure you and one say
well my belief is that the criminal
justice system is inherently biased
against people of color and I wanted to
say that but I got two unpaid tickets
like I can't be a crusader and have them
check my records [ __ ] I got [ __ ]
warrants and you got a warranty just
like yeah
all right witnesses so they may take me
off they did do they did maybe you
because you know I could do as a black
defendant when it's a black defendant
they don't want black people on the jury
cuz they know we like [ __ ] Brown let
y'all know [ __ ] him in the mouth you
think him with money [ __ ] you lose
okay that's why I said to see where his
crime was committed
that [ __ ] was in south central Atlanta
that [ __ ] ain't coming out to my house
I did tell him he nuts to step up his
gang activity
[Applause]
[Music]
I just understand understand because I
came in there was nine people here and
then somebody said a bunch of
eighteen-year-old idiots are coming so
[Music]
[ __ ] up audience I've ever been in
[ __ ] you just love when we [ __ ] on you
that's all who's Cornell all right we're
going to dedicate this set to Cornell
[ __ ] his mom where where are you guys
from so white supremacist it's ready
it's really creepy so everybody knows
everybody
[Applause]
is he an [ __ ]
this is the best show I've ever done so
far this is the best yeah it's amazing
are you [ __ ] yourself McMahon [ __ ] out
don't tell him to stand up I hate him
already shut up wait do you have an
accent this is what I heard he's a
[ __ ] tray I don't know that's what
really came up with who's a [ __ ] tray
[Laughter]
is that still funny that should not be
money so what are we going to talk about
today are we happy you know what I feel
love but I want to do this cuz I'm like
I like by the way I like when things get
awkward cuz I had a bad childhood so
this is what I want yeah
turn to the person right now next to you
give my hug go ahead hug each other
right now go ahead girls we get up each
other
creepy guys Jesus Christ I love this
dude I love all of this and I'm happy at
the honestly you'll see if you get to
know me I'm happy like let me put it
this way I have done 10 years of 12-step
in 15 years of therapy all right
if we don't get along after all the work
that I've done on myself
it's you does that make sense I like I
want all of you to like man really do
but if you don't like me it's fine I'm
on lexapro
I don't feel [ __ ] and I can't come
listen you guys
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm gonna tell you a story that will
split your [ __ ] atoms dude like I'm
not saying it's the greatest story ever
told that was you know this guy but it's
the greatest [ __ ] story that I've
ever been involved in now I'm gonna roll
through this so don't interrupt me if
you ever get not if you have a question
just write it down like just jot it down
and then we'll go back after the end cuz
I don't want you [ __ ] going to suck
the olds dick and [ __ ]
this story is [ __ ] up enough without
you having me fellate the [ __ ] out
okay man
I've got dogs that talk about dogs and
fast I'm sorry I don't want to be banal
being a comedy club and be like I got
wacky dogs but I do have wacky dogs I
had two called Scully and Mulder we were
big x-files fans obviously Scully died
and who still have Mulder's so the truth
is out there and we we have another lab
a brown lab named Louie and then we got
this dog about six years ago a wiener
dog called Shecky normally she's on my
clothing somewhere something like that
I'm walking this is early and my
relationship is shaky and I told you
this story I was walking with her out in
the yard and she was sniffing the pool
and [ __ ] and I was hoping she would get
close so I could be look blue and cuz
when she's in she swims like a [ __ ]
subject to get out to save her own life
and I'm like that's adorable she's like
I [ __ ] hate
so I'm on the deck with her man and I
never seen anything like this before I
saw like this hawk
above our house and the hawk was kind of
like doing loops and I didn't put two
and two together but I was looking up
and I was like [ __ ] up man I've never
seen a hawk fly that low he must see me
[ __ ] food somewhere and then I
realized it was Shecky you know because
the hawk was a deadly above it [ __ ] and
she was kind of below and wherever she
went the hawk moved his circle and
suddenly I was like get inside chicky
get inside and you know and I wasn't
told Jenna was just like there was a
[ __ ] low-flying bird of prey that I
think was eyeing [ __ ] Shecky and
she's like you're paranoid and I was
like I don't know I've never seen a bird
fly that loads like why would she eat
that I'm sure there were rats and stuff
like that I was like I don't know I'm
always gonna keep an eye on this dog
because that so every time I let the dog
out other people let her out they don't
do this they just let her out and walk
away I go out there and stand on the
porch for a little bit because she
doesn't go very far stakes whiz takes a
[ __ ] goes back in and I've gotta be
nearby in case something [ __ ] happens
like when that [ __ ] hawk was circling
overhead six years man I've been on
watchdog duty nothing ever happens in
[ __ ] and today was the [ __ ] day today
I was ready like a ninja for something I
never imagined would happen but did
dream would happen in a weird segue so
it's I guess about 5:30 it's still dark
out and stuff like you know the sun's
coming way up in the distance but it's
still dark more or less feels like night
could have tricked yourself totally
thought it was night so I go to let the
dogs I turn the alarm off and [ __ ] and
then I had the weirdest [ __ ]
surrealist moment of my life so I'm
doing this and as I twist back I'm
opening my eyes and I see I didn't first
I know what it was I thought oh [ __ ]
that looks like that blow-up balloon
that I wanted when I was a kid that was
a kite but my mother wouldn't get it and
I'm still haunted by it it was like a
blow-up kite that looked like a bat and
it was black and it was kind of this
long and [ __ ] it was really badass and
like a dollar ninety-nine my mother's
like we don't have the money so I've
never gotten so maybe that's
in my subconscious and when I saw this
thing that's what I thought it was I was
like hey someone's flying a [ __ ] kite
at 5:30 in the morning
and the baby it's the kite that's my
[ __ ] rosebud have that as a split
second before I [ __ ] focus again and
realize what it is no [ __ ] [ __ ] dude
Knoll I've never seen anything like this
in my life
it is a [ __ ] low-flying owl and the
Owls not going like this like [ __ ]
what is an owl
how's not flapping dude the owl is just
blinding and I was it was strange
because I was like oh that's again split
seconds you're gone
that's a [ __ ] house hauntingly
beautiful is that coming at me because
it's turrets flight and suddenly I
realized like what like that in my mind
put it together like bird a [ __ ]
bride dude you've been training for this
your whole puppy
you've probably willed it into existence
and in my synapses fire now we all know
me and I'm not a fighter and [ __ ] like
when it comes to confrontation my first
instinct just be like let me suck your
dick to end this and I couldn't do this
with the owl it would have been really
interesting and would have caused more
confusion for the dog than anything else
so I couldn't I couldn't have talked to
my aggressor logically like don't do
this let me suck you're dead so all I
could do is either fight or flight and
since my move is always like I'll suck
your dick to let me go I would imagine
that translates to the flight to some
degree that's not fine unless I'm like
let me get that dick
[Music]
give it to me we're fighting for it so
obviously my first instinct I assumed
would be flight FLI ght and it wasn't
[ __ ] flight now this is where it gets
M night Shyamalan and I don't mean a
trick ending like the [ __ ] owl
whipped his dick out there is this the
pool on the rooftops like a wading pool
really and they call it plunge pool or
something you can't like get a decent
lap going which is why I don't lose
weight so it's really just a dip in and
[ __ ] like that it's fun when the kid was
little and stuff but but nobody really
uses pool that much anymore but every
season my wife buys a few pool toys as
if like it's back in the old days but in
[ __ ] all the kids come over and play
with pool toys and [ __ ] so there's this
one ring that somebody blew up it's like
a raft ring kind of thing where you get
in it and I guess if you're not a fat
piece of [ __ ] you can spin it with a kid
in it or something like that I've tried
it and it didn't go anywhere just sat
with a raft wedgie up my ass
so this thing's been sitting in the pool
so much so that like it's been deflating
over time and it's just so sad it's like
that [ __ ] stupid plastic bag in
American Beauty just drifts around the
pool and you're like what a beautiful in
her life and every time I see this when
I'm up on the deck I go I should really
[ __ ] pull this out of the pool and I
swear to you like at least five times of
course the last six months I said I
should pull that out of the pool but
it's always just far enough away where
am I gonna [ __ ] this man so it stayed
there and just like in [ __ ] signs we
were little girls leaving water around a
place and at the end of the movie you're
like holy [ __ ]
aliens are beat by water whatever but it
connects suddenly that I realized why
the RAF sat there in a pool that's the
only thing near me that remotely I could
grab and defend myself mostly the dog
but also myself because it's coming like
this and I'm thinking he's going after
dog but it could be like human balls who
knows but I swear to you too because I'm
not this person you know this but I had
enough presence of mine my training all
the forethought although like what would
Batman do to just literally grab this
[ __ ] pool toy in one swift motion I
was it was beautiful one swift motion I
grabbed the pool toy and go like this
but back dude
as the [ __ ] owl is descending kapap
it hits the [ __ ] out I connect I was
like this was my swing so I wasn't even
like the digit of bang I was just like I
hope this works and it [ __ ] hit the
help dude and the almond bangs off you
know the [ __ ] chair yeah [ __ ] your
expression man it goes it hits the chair
and immediately shoots off into the sky
but when it hits the chair
that's when Shecky [ __ ] wakes up and
she spins and suddenly she don't know
what happened prior but she's like
there's a [ __ ] bird on the dash and
she goes apeshit trying to run for it
but it's already taken off and suddenly
she went from being prey to predator man
and then the birds going up and I can't
even [ __ ] think about this because I'm
like it's coming back it goes up loops
and I still have the pull toy and I
swear he was like something not [ __ ]
like Waterworld man I was just standing
there and the plane was coming around
and [ __ ] and I was ready to throw a
harpoon and I'm holding this [ __ ]
thing I was like braying I didn't yell
man but in my heart I was like I was
honestly too scared to say anything so I
was just sitting there holding this
thing going if it comes back at you and
it went like this and then swooped
instead didn't come near us and went
straight to Runyon Canyon and was
[ __ ] gone and so that happened and I
was like oh my god and I hugged Shaggy
and she didn't even know why I but I was
beside myself I wanted to go [ __ ]
wake up Jan and be like [ __ ] you will
never believe what happened but [ __ ]
if you wake her up she's just like I'm
not gonna [ __ ] you this early
okay that's a true [ __ ] story what do
you go ahead start wide Patti sorry how
did you know first off I was going for
shaky what if it was just coming down it
was like good god it was like I love
your movies all I was picturing he also
could have been coming down to tell you
the [ __ ] secret of life he's like 16
licks it again to the center I tell you
what Stewart that's like that - well
being the Bible it's so heavy I gotta
say it was awesome that your skills went
like this but I don't know because I
feel like when I was younger I caught a
baseball I remember I was like the ball
was coming I was less I was a left field
all the way out there and I saw the ball
coming I was like and I put my arm up
and I caught it and it was like yeah and
I was like yeah and then I really was
like it was so [ __ ] lucky I'm so
jealous I closed my eyes and went like
this so I'm not saying you're a [ __ ]
but you feel like it was just
do you feeling it would be cooler you
were just like so good and caught him
and was like sorry bird not today
that would have been admin what it was
happening that you hit the bird but I
feel a little bad I'm an animal lover I
think I sounds like I wanted like
[ __ ] 1988 Arnold Schwarzenegger to
catch the bird and then nice to see you
[Music]
but you're like why didn't you come up
with a witty pun no it's true I thought
it's true I don't know I don't by the
way [ __ ] you all the way because I tell
what is probably the most amazing story
Oliver tell my life and you like it
reminds me of the time I caught a
baseball it's interesting cuz I honestly
don't know what what I would do cuz you
never know what's gonna happen to knows
NC after I told Jennifer the story she's
like why didn't you run and I was like
[ __ ] she's like grabbed the dog and
run I'm like what what if he then went
from my house the guy why don't you
impress like I honestly thought I would
tell her the story and she'd be like
whip your [ __ ] [ __ ] out yeah yeah six
wing your dick at me like omni ow
really
show me with the pool toy between your
legs I obviously did I thought she'd be
like you know Kevin we've been together
for like for nearly 15 years but that's
the most [ __ ] masculine heroic thing
you've ever done [ __ ] right even
though it's not two o'clock in the
afternoon yep even though it's not your
birthday
you're my hero but instead she's like
that poor owl and I was just like what
about checking she's like well it would
have been sad shaky got her but she goes
like this this is the other thing I blew
my mind a moment like this I'm like you
just don't like me like she just wants
to be contrary it has nothing to do with
logic because she's gone well what if
the owl grab Shecky and check he was too
heavy and then the allergist dropped
Shecky in the pool and I was like
because the owl if they out did get
Shecky and [ __ ] back toward the pool
then it would be facing a large wall and
it had nowhere to go to have to do this
immediate [ __ ] like climb straight up
and [ __ ] so it wouldn't go that way so
the only other way it would go is out
over the street and then if Shecky was
too heavy
she plummets to her [ __ ] death and
dies that way and she's like what a
lucky break oh [ __ ] you know Jennifer is
like she could survive the fall I was
like now you just want me to be wrong
somehow my talons alone would have [ __ ]
check you even if she dropped in deploy
but the talons would have been like
imagine they're razor-sharp that's what
I said they would have to dig into her
skin and [ __ ] so even if she made it out
alive she'd be like I have two massive
[ __ ] holes in her back wife's not
here is she
no she's not [ __ ] she's talking
know what that know what's gonna happen
is the Owls gonna [ __ ] get all his owl
friends and you're gonna go out that
you're gonna come out in a few days and
check how many pool toys you got exactly
the ones gonna come out even you're
gonna swing at it and in other words
give like and they're gonna [ __ ] all
lift you up they're all gonna put their
talons and you and you're gonna be
[ __ ] carried off and she like [ __ ] I
told you she hangs out the windows is
like oh I'm not gonna lie to you I would
take that just to be right
[Applause]
[Music]
so let me just say this right now I'm a
fast wait with all people I got I got on
I don't know if you've ever like just
look all I want for Christmas is I gotta
get it this year either all I want is to
be 75 and not give a [ __ ] like because
they don't like they don't if you ever
just watch old people they like they
could care less about my grandkids maybe
the only thing that old people care
about other than that they don't they
don't give a [ __ ] about anything and
like I'm about that kind of life
like that like that's where I'm trying
to be okay that's what I'm trying to be
like I was coming back I'm in the
airport this is two three days maybe
three days ago I'm coming back and it's
ladies and security I mean I'm like
going you know you put your [ __ ] in a
great bins and I'm put my stuff in
security and the lady in front of me
she's like 70 if I had to guess she's
like 74 death right likes like Jesus
she's gonna like she's like she's on her
way out but she's like I'm taking this
last trip I mama go and she's we going
through security she's right in front of
me she asked me to candy one more Bend
I'm like no problem I hand it to her she
turns around a lady she just had she's
had cream on a forehead okay she's had
but it wasn't like it wasn't like she
had like she rubbed in most of is like a
look it was like she was like she is
like she's like I'm a just leave this
here until I'm ready for I don't know
what I'm in needed but went but but when
I need I don't have to dig in my purse
it's gonna be it's gonna be right here
when I'm ready okay when I'm ready and
I'm not again she turn around I'm like
lady I know you know that I see this
cream when your forehead and I know she
knew I knew it was there too so I'm like
what the [ __ ] you're not gonna mention
this cream you don't say nothing about
it
I was racing tsa nobody said it but I'm
like this [ __ ] walked through with a
Seif block of c-4 on her [ __ ]
forehead
nobody's gonna mention it nobody she
goes the bathroom comes back I know she
looked in the mirror she can give a [ __ ]
like me that's that's
I'm about that life I'm about that life
cuz I like look oh people like they
don't give a [ __ ] what they wear they
love denim they like you know what give
me a denim top and bottom two different
shades I don't get you got you got you
some shoes with Velcro because I'm done
with these laces I'm done with laces my
fingers aren't good anymore I want the
tie this [ __ ] up just give me some I go
strap up and strap like you know what
[ __ ] bells you got something what
elastic I just want to pull it up pull
it down I'm done you got it what you
telling me you have a shirt attached you
have a onesie yeah give it as what as if
it from the crotch all the way up I'm
done I never want to take my glasses all
the way up I want to take off or that
I'm hanging at my chest but when I on
the lafawnduh right here let's make sure
to bump into my cream
let me tell you about myself I'm a
writer I'm a producer I'm a stand-up
comedian I work on the radio here in LA
I have a lot of jobs mainly because I'm
always on the verge of being fired from
at least one of them like my day job
will tell you about my day job I'm a
traffic reporter on the radio here it's
on the guy on the radio who tells people
how to drive
which is ironic I understand I get it a
lot of people get freaked out when they
find out I'm the dude giving them
directions Asians don't have a good
reputation for driving I get it not a
lot of people expect this voice to come
out of this face I did a show one time
this guy came up to me he's like you're
the guy on the radio right you're really
good I listened to every day you don't
sound Asian at all on the radio is that
a compliment how am I supposed to sound
don't a phone fine number one Mayo [ __ ]
we don't all sound like that three of us
gently Jackie Chan saw an Asian dude
back there probably speaks like that I
don't know seriously every day I leave
the radio station like I think we can
fire every day here's the reason I'm a
voiceover actor so I read a lot of
commercials on the radio and I don't
know the people writing my commercials
are trying to make their commercials
sound sexy or they're trying to make me
sound creepy you know what I mean
like every here a commercial for a
product that sounds way too sexy than it
should be like I read a commercial for a
sandwich place called Togo's and the
commercial goes toe goes big rush meaty
I finished I'm like you know it's a
goddamn sandwich right it's not a it's
not a [ __ ] dog it's a sandwich so I
screw it the people who write my
commercials my head sales guy wrote a
commercial for Nissan a couple weeks ago
and the commercial goes Nissan this is
the ride of your life this is one ride
you don't want to miss that's how they
want me to say it this is how I say it
Nissan this is the ride of your life
this is one ride you don't want to miss
my boss comes in she's like can you say
that a little less rapey you know live
in a windowless van you creep
I'm still going through all the holidays
we had the Christmas we had New Year's
the one I hate is a Thanksgiving dude
come on what's the point of it I mean
Jesus all you do is get together with
like your friends and your family and
stuff and you eat a turkey it's about
the pilgrims you know why celebrate
those [ __ ] ever look at him they had
belts on their hats I would have loved
to have been at that meeting our hats
keep blowing off in the wind
let's put belts on the good thinking
Jacob anything else our shoes keep
falling off buckles you say I'm just
saying they were morons people are
stupid everywhere that was ridiculous
man I saw a lost pet sign on a telephone
pole said lost bird think about that
what did the guy think his chances work
put his phone number down and everything
I felt like calling him yeah I saw your
bird I almost caught it but then he flew
away it's a bird take the side down
[ __ ] he's out of that cage he's in a
tree somewhere free as a bird
I am African though it's real [ __ ] a lot
of people don't believe me because I got
clothes on you know you say you African
they want that Discovery Channel African
right
where's your billion your flies shut up
and laugh you're not sending money shut
the [ __ ] up and laugh and they always
pose the kids up and [ __ ] hey you know
the commercial when they showed a little
white man he's like set [ __ ] sent
some money to these little [ __ ]
I don't like the way they posed the kids
up are you trying to be sexy or trying
to eat what and they always got a
big-ass booger I'm gonna eat the booger
I ain't sending your [ __ ] shut up with
the all shut up I'm a fingy
have you sent money now shut the [ __ ] up
and laugh everybody want to be offended
but won't do [ __ ] about it then employ
that's not it shut up my friends never
believed I'm African I remember I told
my friends it was like a big shock to
them I say dude I'm Nigerian American
word we thought you like regular black
what the [ __ ] is riggan crayola coming
out with colors I don't know about as I
said so you caught my parents house my
father picked up the phone you think you
talked to the Lion King
nice to meet you Godfrey go freeze not
here
mufasa and while still alive who would
be eligible fossa
I like technology but I think it gets
too fancy too fast like my buddy just
bought a Lexus and it parallel parks
itself you don't need that seriously he
just pulls a car whirring once the park
hits a button in the computers like I
got this [ __ ] that's too fancy Lexus
great job you guys have been to computer
to get the car to park itself but you
guys never figured out how to get
objects in the mirror to be exactly as
they appear
hey who's working on that hey Lexus how
about you just fix that mirror and maybe
I could pair little Park this [ __ ] all
by
[Applause]
like I read me off $4,000 I asked him
how he liked that car and he said it
drives like a dream like really well you
got shitty dreams because in my dream my
car is [ __ ] flying and there are
strippers in there drinking Hennessy
when I hit the horn it doesn't make a
horn sound it makes the laser sound on
account of the fact that is shooting
[ __ ] lasers your Lexus do that
Oh parallel parks itself seen it not
pressed another technology is confusing
I don't know a lot of people love it so
much as Google Google's awesome everyone
loves to be you guys remember in the
1990s when you could win an argument
with a lie
remember when you could just say
whatever you want to say and people were
like I guess he's telling the truth I'm
not going to the library to look that
[ __ ] up that was fantastic
and if they ever got too heavy all you
had to do was like no seriously I swear
to god relax we believe you you would
never bring God into this if you're a
lying your ass off all right I'm not
going to hell for that shitty story now
you fast forward to 2012 you say
anything remotely crazy your friends are
already on his cell phone so keep
talking bro that's just a suspect I'm
googling you right now I got [ __ ] I just
want to [ __ ] my way through this
conversation you kind of do that now you
just got to say something crazy and have
someone else back you up that's not God
like did you guys know that the longest
Beaver Dam on the plan is 20 hundred
twenty-eight hundred feet long and it's
roughly the distance to the Brooklyn
Bridge and it was built by a single
beaver that was given cocaine over the
period of one year by students at the
University Arizona
if you don't believe me Google me [ __ ]
but people are like relaxed we believe
you you'd never bring Google into this
if you rely on your [ __ ]
in my house we keep a copy of science
news magazine on the coffee table
that way when people come in they'll see
it and they'll know that I think I'm
smart and every now and again when the
internet goes out I'll read a page or
two and the latest thing I read was a
study from Harvard saying that married
men live on average five and a half
years longer than unmarried men to which
I said yeah obviously because single
guys are out having fun they're allowed
out of the house unsupervised think
about it who's more likely to die on an
average weekend a single dude goes out
gets drunk with his friends then maybe
the next day goes hiking or surfing or
rock climbing or me shopping for I quote
the perfect lampshade at the head Bath
and Beyond
spoiler alert it's the single guy as far
as I know there have been no Bed Bath &
Beyond related fatalities reported so
there ever have been they were
self-inflicted I promise you that the
article then went on to say that married
men are 40% less likely to get prostate
cancer it's like 40 percent less likely
so either you get prostate cancer or you
get a wife so either way a pain in the
ass boom
take that wife who I love more than
anything and I'm completely dedicated to
took her down a peg
[Music]
[Laughter]
I do because my way to get a seat next
to me in the lobby at the airport get my
tenders on this road easy next I use one
simple random crops sprinkle some light
of chrome to the seat at the airport
next time and y-axes
[Laughter]
I myself 9 2017 but I'm still something
so I found myself Google and big black
dicks in a search at the airport right
on the label bbm said something right
would you be amazed on how hard is to
find you oh my god I'll show my bleach
[Music]
which are black black people worried
about holler o or Berkshire he wants
what are you guys eating chicken wings
all right way to go
stereotype stereotype night at the Laugh
Factory oh man I wish our black best
thing about being black did you know
that black people can get away with
saying anything if they stick the words
I'm just playing at the end of it I had
no idea I had a black boss I wanted to
work he was like man it's hot outside I
feel like I'm in an oven out there but
you know about being in and I've wanted
to do boy haha I'm just playing what
can you play about the Holocaust
I guess he's black it's alright
[Music]
black women are very honest most honest
people in the world they'll tell you
[ __ ] to your face without any regard for
your feelings at all
a black woman came up to me it was like
you know you look like I was like oh
this is gonna suck
she was like you look like an ugly
version of drink
[ __ ] biggest laughs I got so far
you
sometimes when I get really bored I
could take out the automotive section of
the classified ads and just randomly
call people up that are trying to sell
their used cars no hi I'm calm at that
1989 try let your cell with the BBS
wheels and the tinted glass 3,500 or
best offer yeah I was just calling to
tell you I'm just not interested just
not in the market for a big piece of
[ __ ] right now but thank you for asking
thank you to that with anything like if
you see a sign for a lost pet hi I'm
pop-up that lost cats the striped tabby
with the white paws you haven't seen it
anywhere where is that cat it's driving
me bananas don't get me wrong I love
animals
both my dogs or rescue dogs my cats the
rescue cats and my girlfriend is a
rescue girlfriend and went down to the
shelter she started licking me through
the fence I brought her home that night
we made love I brought her back the next
day and put her to sleep
do you remember when McDonald's was a
treat when you were a kid they want to
remember that remember that was a big
deal I love someone started clapping for
me yeah I mean McDonald's man that was a
big deal that was a treat like we're
dead like for my kids McDonald's isn't a
treat it's a threat
I have yelled at them hey hey did you
hear your sister yeah you know what it's
a Big Mac for you buddy right now I'm
going through the drive-thru
I'll start saying chicken McNuggets for
everyone in this car right now hey
change the attitude fish fillet for you
right now come on don't start crying GMO
saturated fat I remember my mom said to
me when I was a kid she said Joey if
you're good for 30 days I will take you
to McDonald's I was great she showed up
in her car man she picked me up on a
Friday after school you know I don't run
out jealous you get in her car I'd run
and just lay on that seat and slide
across Bob no seat belt boom here we go
we were just jammed in ik Donald's we
get there she'd be like go ahead and get
whatever you want I get as much
McDonald's as I want I come out like I
stole it like whoa I'd get back in the
car I'm like mom do we eat the
McDonald's in your car in this parking
lot she think Joey sure we'd sit in the
car in the parking lot
she'd put le John on goodbye yellow
brick I would just be shoveling
McDonald's into my face she'd roll the
windows up nice and tight I just shove
McDonald's into my face while she smoked
she would wave it around the car like it
was intense you guys like here yeah a
little bit for you suspender boy here
you go there you go she would wave it
all around the whole car be full of
smoke just I would dip my fries in smoke
but Bo here you go
because ranch has been is discovered yet
guys
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that because the lyrics
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vegas
don't block your blessing oh yeah
even just homophobic it's strange man
I'll give a booty as long as it ain't
kids or animals I just don't care I go
to the movies with my buddy a couple
days ago right I sit down
he sits two seats over I look at him at
a what are you doing over there
oh I ain't sitting next to you that's
gay
I said mixed you on the car ride over
his ecce you know it's gays your Miata
we rode in dude to seek game machine
we're always riding around and throwing
didn't I might put the top up dude say
it's loaded this guy is crazy homophobic
last summer we go dirtbike riding right
just the two of us we're out in the
desert we're tearing it up we're having
a great time this guy crashes he's
laying there he's bleeding he's dying I
yeah L me I ride up on my bike I go to
jump on the back I'll take you to the
hospital he says this to me I ain't
going nuts to butts with you
nuts to butts who says this get on the
back dude you are dying oh no way
somebody might see us yeah like a doctor
let's go what is this guy thinking
someone's gonna roll around a sand dune
look at those guys going nuts to butts
Sam France at way guys nuts to butts
that sounds like some old 80s rock song
right like Guns N'Roses ain't gone nuts
to butts with you you're magic
I went on ancestry.com not too long ago
anybody done this ancestry.com anyone no
one not one person is coming over there
where up here in the balcony what do you
find out there all right
kind of a waste of clever lunchtime
[Applause]
is the word adopted ring a bell for
those of you that don't know what it is
ancestry.com it's a website you go on
the website find out about your heritage
I went on there blew my mind you don't
know what you're going to discover right
out of the gate I had no idea turns out
my grandmother is my dad
turns out we come from a long line of
[ __ ] we didn't even have a family
trees just a cactus covered with threads
then you can go way back way way back I
met my great-great great-great-great
great-great-great-great grandfather of a
sea cucumber and you can send in your
DNA I don't know if you heard well you
can spit in a cup you send in your DNA
they figure it out for a hat no idea
turns out gay I'm the hillside strangler
[Laughter]
[Applause]
well you laugh all up I'll see you later
tonight hey guys I work here at the
Laugh Factory and you know I hand-picked
that clip you just saw it's one of my
favorites I chose it with care and love
so if you loved it to go ahead and hit
the like button and the subscribe button
because if you do so it would make me a
happy boy
more Facebook clapping on facebook
facebook okay move away from this
[ __ ] he's not to be [ __ ] trusted
you're not to be I don't know what it is
it's 2012 I don't trust people they
don't have the Facebook page you know
what I'm saying like you ever it's like
not having an idea at this point you
know I'm saying you haven't read
something I don't have a Facebook and
you immediately feel uncomfortable like
immediately even a great conversation
hey Ted you know I was thinking about
going to Laugh Factory later they had a
little fresh faces thing going on
actually sunset in Fairfax no sunset in
Fairfax sunset in Fairfax yeah you know
let's just talk about this on Facebook
only do the Facebook thing like they say
that but what we all hear is oh no nah
man I touch kids for a living oh you
make a living off of that that's we need
to discuss I understand I don't know why
you even have a Facebook page like
there's animals at the zoo they have a
goddamn Facebook page like [ __ ]
I have a goddamn manatee pending request
right now and you don't have a Facebook
page
there's a duckbill platypus poking my
ass yeah okay I hate this [ __ ] like
those people in jail to have a goddamn
Facebook page right some of y'all are
friends with [ __ ] prisoners that you
keep in touch with in through Facebook I
think jail face will be crazy though
like order status be the same right
still here
[Applause]
rather than pokes you get shanks it's
like Girona shanked you would you like
to shake him back you know everybody
understand profile picture - right
what I hate the most I hate people to
try to reinvent themselves at a Facebook
page we all have these friends these
family members these these relatives
that you know they're not doing [ __ ] but
they want to act like they're doing
presidential things on their facebook
status right one of my cousins on his
facebook status swear to God he was like
I'm on my grind sign it's like
[ __ ] you greet people at Walmart
like what like that like it's all day
consist of this poor guy thank you so
much for the opportunity to just be here
Walmart to just greet these people to
the best of my abilities to introduce
them to this sanctuary of savings and to
just sold them all this frozen pool and
all these khaki pants and all these
velcro shoes and these toys and these
electronics Lord guy thank you so much
for the strength and I just want to send
them off with a smile and the best my
abilities in our game I pray amen
there goes people what's your hi sir
welcome to wall right we're serving use
our job check of the produce in the back
and the member saving slip in the front
what I hate is this [ __ ] will have 70
comments on that one status
you know his boys like I see you son
girls like do your thang boo I come on
I'm like he greets [ __ ] at
Walmart
[Laughter]
what's your restaurant through the
restroom the sign read for employees
only so print application took a [ __ ]
and quit I was going to pee but I don't
want to put over time it's my first day
relax the first day of work is like the
first day of school huh everybody starts
off with an a3 one letter three month
later you're [ __ ] up missing school
showing up late trying to make [ __ ] up
exam in school you get so spend there
you get to come back and rely to get
fired [ __ ] you white people get pissed
off they come back and kill everybody
Mexicans we know we're gonna get fired
we start stealing share before we leave
yeah I'm gonna get fired but I'm not
getting for 800 bucks
you
looking people on Facebook are driving
me now I hate this thing I hate it I
have to be on it my agents and reps are
like get on there make friends and get a
fanbase I'm like I hate half the people
that are on my facebook they're all my
old friends and [ __ ]
but it was like nobody can get through
their day without posting their prom it
is simple [ __ ] man everybody needs help
for the simplest [ __ ] like you see some
girls you gotta pose it
hey everyone had a bad day at work can't
wait to get home have that glass of wine
and then her friends all chime in and
support her you go girl you deserve that
glass of wine what how do you know maybe
she's a worker how do you know she
deserves it and then you're like a
freaking greeter at Walmart what's
what's the problem yeah I don't mind
people posting important things I don't
have problem with that I really know you
know weddings engagements pregnancy you
know babies kids but this is where you
find out who this is this when you find
out who aren't your friends all right
are actually people who don't comment
write your real friends will call me or
comment right they're like hey all right
congrats quie to go girl whatever but
your friends this is all I do
blink right here that's it this takes
nothing all you have to do is click to
your little that means that girls saw
that was like in Marin give a [ __ ] clean
yeah I like it yeah I like it yeah I
like it yeah and where's this button by
the way I want this on myself a myspace
what the [ __ ] I talking about this is
what we need on Facebook right there
should be a down one like this boo [ __ ]
that and your kids sick of your pictures
here kids because if you had a friend
that just did this in real life if you
should told them something important
would you really be friends with him
right you showed up to her okay
everybody I just got engaged over the
weekend and all your friends like oh my
god congratulate the one girl she's like
give a [ __ ]
I love my mom but I think she's a real
wacko in fact I know she's a real wacko
every time I see her she says something
insane to me the other day I went to see
her
I gotta admit it's been about a month
two months since I've seen my mom and I
walk into her house and she immediately
goes hey Blake Blake I really hope that
you and your friends didn't go to
Yugoslavia the summer hope you didn't go
to Yugoslavia with your friends Blake
that was this unless you stop talking
that's a weird question for a couple of
reasons number one I have almost never
left Chicago in my entire life and she
knows that I'm that vol travel secondly
I don't know if you guys are up on your
news but Yugoslavia not a place you can
go it is not a country hasn't been a
country in a long time so I say ma you
got to help me understand this what the
[ __ ] are you talking about
and she says Blake come on you and your
friends used to go every year and I was
always worried about you I was worried
you were drinking too much while you
went there or doing too much cocaine
while you were there and the tickets
Blake the tickets were so expensive but
you went every year with your friends
and finally I go do you mean
Lollapalooza
[Laughter]
it turns out that so she met
[Music]
I had returned to my change the other
day went to the Coinstar y'all familiar
with the Coinstar yeah you turn it you
change for cash any a bit ironic that
they call it a coin star cuz I never
know nobody turned me last little bit of
change for some cash that's actually
feeling like a star at that point I felt
they could've gave it any name that
people would have still used it they
could have caught a coin machine coin
plays coin station they had to call the
coin star it's almost like they're
making funny like they're being
sarcastic like I said no you're not a
millionaire you're not a thousand-aire
well you're no top of dollar heir
whatsoever but you do was that's a lot
of change though you know what you're
yeah you're a coin start later some BS I
actually like that title I like that
name coin star good like video games and
it sound like something you'll play at
the arcade like cukoo cukoo cukoo n star
ready begin
so I start pretending like I'm doing
when I'm turning in my change I'm like
let me see if I can beat my high-score
from the last time like 1186 I did it
I'll beat the game
yes yes I'm an immigrant give it up for
immigrants we made it we made it yeah
I'm from Chile I first of all what is he
sorry my English is not that good I
learned how to speak English watching
reruns of Seinfeld yes yes like where's
my table okay I think this is way better
I moved here with my girlfriend she's
from Texas and I'm from Chile so she
thinks I'm Mexican have a girlfriend I
recommend to people to have a girlfriend
or boyfriend I it's a good idea I have
someone outside of you watching you and
telling you that you're doing something
stupid
I'm sorry like you're hurting yourself
why are you doing that I remember being
single and watching a Netflix like a
show at 4:00 a.m. in the morning for no
reason you know be my myself watching no
no the crown I think you are so tired
yeah you don't even know what's going on
you watch you like koehlers and shape
you're like a baby and most of the time
the computer is here so you suddenly
like the the show ends and the screen
goes black and it comes in a mirror and
you can see your face in the screen you
know it's like you just have four chins
and the key areas like burning is square
your stomach so [ __ ] sad
I hate that Netflix note everything
about you you know they recommend your
stuff when you like it I don't I don't
like that you know we try to confuse
Netflix lately yeah what I do is what
I'm watching something here I really
like I stop it
and Netflix is like wait what we thought
you like this and then I watch like five
episodes of Peppa Pig in a row and then
a documentary about something like
really specific like I don't know gay
dogs you need an easier something like
that so then that's looks like okay we
recommend you kill yourself
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
and then they're very self-conscious
about my my height as well as my mind
well as my voice I'm a it was a very
short guy and and girls girls are very
tolerant of the fact that I and I'm sure
you know like guy going up to a girl and
before I could say anything she was like
yeah you're too short I was like well
people's people seem to and to enjoy
life and and they say that's too short
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah yeah I think they almost they
almost react like a he's like a good
like I chose to be this height you know
like I like I used to be taller when I
was when I was like well this is well
this is much too high for me and then
luckily I was out I was running to
running around outs outside and then you
know a turtle like a hot turtle shell
hit me
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
even even even in and then even on like
done dating and dating apps you know
that's the first question the girl will
mess as a messenger right is how how
tall are you yet and I'm honest so I'm
like five four and then they they they
don't respond so I got so I so I gotta
be like three two one
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
you ever hear you ever hear her you ever
hear that you ever heard this you ever
hear a girl says this is a girl say yeah
I only date guys who are taller than me
and I'm gonna wear heels that's like
that's like if I I said well I'm only
gonna gonna date girls who are shorter
than me and I'm gonna amputate my leg
[Laughter]
Michael like like why do you why do you
need me to do it to be that for you yeah
well because because when I'm when I'm
with a guy I need to feel good I'm like
you you are you're tall yeah I
understand I understand such as certain
deals like like girls like if girls wear
like taut over his clothes what are
taller talk tall heels I'm gonna come
I'm gonna be shorter but if you have on
trips or shorter heels I can be taller
that that's the concept of height but
some heels are like six inches they have
six this is a six-inch heels yeah where
is the abscissa six inches you're
wearing us a sub sandwich retro right
right right now
does that come with with pickles [ __ ]
that well a half of a half a foot on
them on your foot
you know but like it but sis you think
I'm gonna grow six inches tonight well
then you're gonna you're gonna have to
get naked I'm gonna and I'm gonna ham
and I have to get a bigger penis so
what's at Toyota
I'm desperate bro I'll take when your
fingers and you wanna try a doctor ha
I'll take the pinky with the ring I
don't care
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's good to travel for a comedy I was
in the south chill which is fun because
I'm trying to learn slang you know I
went out with this girl I didn't
understand she was a millennial I didn't
know what the hell she was talking about
using that new slang
it's like let's have a kickback oh my
god a new drug I don't know what that is
I just realized how to properly say the
phrase grown-ass man you know that
phrase you're like don't mess with me
cuz I'm a grown-ass man then saying that
wrong apparently telling people don't
mess with me I'm a grown-ass man what
get away from me watch out honey he's a
nice man he appears to be fully grown
whatever shall stay woke right she's
trying to be tanked up is it taint or
Tennant I don't even know anymore
whole squad gets change up don't be
throwing shade at my team either my
taints on fleek Rainbow Brite used I
don't know what a head should not either
I wasn't the south that's trying to
learn slang or what you know the south
is like the birthplace of slang you know
and it was in Atlanta for a weekend I
went into the 7-eleven to buy some
Febreze yes I smelled like weed when I
wasn't so that's not the story anyway so
like hey do you guys sell Febreze and a
lady looked at me like I was crazy
you know and from the back this other
lady goes what he'd look at though and
the lady in the front goes aerosol okay
I think I like this door SH aerosols
Obama gummy chews it was like I'm
definitely gonna like this store and I
brought it back up on Mike here's the
Febreze aerosol and the lady in the back
goes he found what he look at the lady
in the front verbatim slides it over to
me and she goes yep he gonna lemonade
all his smells favorites are for sure
I'm coming
back everyday just to see what you call
the rest of the [ __ ] in Atlanta I came
back the next day like I'm back and I
buy some milk she's like you mean cow
juice now just open the cooling tank
yeah thank you I'm learning I'll be back
tomorrow
came back in like hi today I'd like to
buy our chicken sandwich
select you make luck at Birds clucking
birds by the Teta crisp sweet see you
mañana
I tried this dumper one Dez like this
might be weird but do you guys sell
condoms she's from the back the other
ladies like wow she's like pakka socks
she's like pecker socks over by the
booty pads I don't know what booty pads
are like it's underneath the cooter
puffs so what are you turd puffs from
the back the other lady is out it's like
aerosol for your [ __ ] parks you got
to use it to eliminate all your smell
sometimes like quick and sign me up here
I'll do it Peter puffs 2018
[Applause]
[Music]
I steal from offers there I admit it
okay
steal from hopeless this is what I do
okay I go to the bulb nut section where
there's different varieties of nuts and
I fill up my bag with organic almonds
okay I eat organic almonds I don't need
regular almonds what am i a [ __ ]
peasant no organic garment now there's
$17.99 a pound but the regular islands
are $4.99 a pound so I just put the SKU
number of the regular almonds on the
back because who in their right mind at
the checkout is going to see me coming
look at my almonds now these are organic
you piece of [ __ ] no that's never even
happened
and if you've never done that before I
suggest you try it because I have never
felt so alive
the whole process thrills me other than
once stealing from Iceland I said that
in Chicago when I was there at Christmas
that I like to steal from Whole Foods
and the next day I was at Whole Foods I
was in the math section I'm the better
do my thing at this lady room
she worked this she walked up and she
went oh I saw your show last night I
really enjoyed it
she is stupid I said oh yeah I wasn't
gonna steal now I'm here
[Music]
oh I got two kids man you gotta be
careful
yeah people with kids what's up so tired
they are I was so tired man they're just
expect they copy everything you do I got
three year old boy all right my wife
comes back from grocery shopping this
little guys running on the house going
dammit dammit dammit I don't see that
buddy we saying she's all mad who taught
you that daddy
what else did daddy teach you no cookies
daddy said no cookies no cookies and
delete browser history my home I did not
say that buddy you're only through your
genius how'd you know yeah let's get
this straight tonight everybody here
Laugh Factory
all men delete browser history or let's
get this straight
all men delete browser history because
they care for you all right they care
for you they don't want you to see all
that well there's what they're searching
I have no idea
Asian camel toe or whatever trust me
probably much worse than that you know
you know you know what's messed up you
look at Google this later are you Google
American like American flag will come up
like a map Google European and put
images right and then like white people
will come up Google Asian and click
images all porn just asian girls that's
what we got all right Asian women are
exploited and porn all right from what I
heard
Asian women make weird noises and porn
from what I heard whatever whenever it's
Asian women they always like fuzz out
like the general apart from what I heard
your legs are incredibly hairy dude
that's just something I'm noticing
do you mind standing up real quick you
just like holding up away cuz like most
of ya look at that can anybody see that
yeah do you what some girls were about
to start applauding for that you're
welcome dude you're welcome yeah just
got like six [ __ ] just came your way
right there I love a hairy leg like cuz
it's like we don't have it so it's like
something different what do you do man
this is your first time out in public in
a well like that was a very do you don't
know how to interact with people and
what do you do man what do I do
the [ __ ] it's a trial I'm an audience
member man that's what I do
I got hairy legs in a cool hat [ __ ] off
man just trying to make conversation man
what do I do it's like you've never been
asked that question before or you told
yourself before you came out tonight
dude I'm telling you I'm gonna have a
good time tonight all right
I'm gonna wear my favorite shirt so
people can see what I'm working went
down there but I swear I got it so many
ask me what I do
well you lose it would I God tonight and
I'll go apeshit so what do you do what
do you do you manage a store cool man
a frozen yogurt shop [ __ ] yeah is it a
pink bear that's the only one right is
it that stoners probably walk in there
all the time right
yeah all the time yeah can I get the add
Oreo cookie pumpkin pie burrito
they just make up flavors can I get the
IHOP Best Buy RadioShack
what's okay so how is that managing a
Pinkberry yeah is it really what do you
do you're just like do we got enough
chocolate chips we got another [ __ ]
hey Ben we need more chocolate chips and
[ __ ] that's what you I'm gonna go
home you don't to talk with chips
alright alright some chips and chocolate
chips and some vanilla maybe some
somebody coconut lime cinnamon sticks
one of the other flavors I don't the
other flavors are some [ __ ]
mahogany what's a wood that's not gonna
flavor is that
clearly I have not been to a frozen
younger sandal
yeah like the a mahogany cool you don't
have that oh this isn't Home Depot
alright thank you so much
I hear my dad's like the crazies got the
world look growing up he used to think
to me growing a right he's too caught
his fat check and what he would do to
see how fat I was he would stick his
finger in my belly I stick a finger
inside you know if a person is first
line on my finger than you are fair to
me lift up shirts what kind of [ __ ] is
dead you know if you don't do it that by
you know more make donors makes us weird
noise like oh this is going this is
gonna smell speaker stop
like sweet very many orange Sweden in
your crazy story every my dad works on
my chowder friend Marcus is black dude
and there's a really interesting
conversation at work one day you know he
was like you know Marcus I care about my
son hairs for very much so finger I
stick a finger inside what did you say
as you say you think oh yeah sometimes
sometimes I feel you doing this the old
fun little bit cuz one time it's good
but how do you think I feel huh my feel
special
good to be here I live live in
Wrigleyville back can you tell - they
saluted my brother Bobby I'll tell you
about it was Bobby ok he's a as a
CrossFit guy he's an accountant he's a
big dude she's the worst guy I've ever
met in my life and Ricci was trying to
talk to me about my diet alright he just
goes yo I know you do a lot of junk food
I can tell because your [ __ ] smells
unhealthy it's like yeah Oreos all the
time you know that maybe was talking
about your problems like what problems
I'll say I don't know I heard you've
been smelling my [ __ ] so nice man mother
faced the worst dude I've ever one time
you told me no matter what I wear I look
like an extra in American Pie okay which
is really spot-on it's gonna [ __ ] up I
know it is that he doesn't do dick mix
doesn't do you should use dick pics as a
last resort
yeah I don't know what he meant by that
either I didn't ask I should have bet
you think so now I'm just like imagining
a scenario where he's like texting with
a girl right and she's like a few -
leave my number he's just like time to
shine yeah I want to say this up top I
think I think white privilege is the
issue and some of you were like no you
know I do I experience white privilege
recently when I lost my wallet lost my
wallet didn't know I lost it okay I was
going to Whole Foods as we do right
I walk up to pay and I was like oh [ __ ]
I don't know any money I think I go oh
dude I know you you're good for it
and that's where I realize if you're
white at Whole Foods you can just start
a tab just stream your dance venmo
they're cool with that that's same week
the scene we got to fly to New York City
I had to fly out I walk up the queue of
an ID I'm like no they give in North
Face the course so I get the [ __ ] in
there
[Music]
I date older women yes fellows date
older women fellas you know what I
learned
older women can have male friends and
not even think about having sex would
think that's something phones because
when we got a female friend we just
waiting for the right opportunity right
I had a female friend she was fine fine
but she had a boyfriend I respected that
did she call me like two o'clock in the
morning crying Kathy I just had a fight
with my boyfriend I'm so upset I just
needed somebody to talk to about hold on
Kevin somebody is knocking at my door
when she opened the door with me I was
but make it with some Hennessy and some
haagen-dazs I was harder than a left
turn and rush-hour traffic only people
that drive to work get that joke
community's not so much single man
single me a clap clap single men think
of me you know what I hate about being
single we got a we're kinda the right
single man oh I guess mad I guess I'm
the only one
nobody clapped though now and it's
nothing it was like really
[Music]
you got a whim you know they got all
kind they got the regular kind they got
the Magnum for the larger man now they
got the Magnum extra-large who the [ __ ]
them for the magnums already big the
extra-large you got to open like a trash
bag and they say that's the number one
selling condom in the country fellas
come on somebody lyin cuz I know why we
buy them because our egos that's it I go
you know cuz I was buying something I'm
in line I'm waiting get to the counter
no young ladies standing behind me I get
to the counter I'm like yeah can I have
some condoms the guy gonna go what kind
the Magnum extra law
and some duct tape quit laughing and put
my [ __ ] in the bag
[Music]
I'm scared everything though I can't
hang I'm too scared of people man you
know what the scariest person was my
xmax girl [ __ ] man girls get scary you
guys in relationship do you ever yes see
she [ __ ] here girls [ __ ] me hey girls
[ __ ] I don't know guys a relationship
you ever argue with your girl and you
don't even know what the [ __ ] that [ __ ]
is about how does that happen
are you I feel like when my ex I felt
like when we argue like I was in an M
night Shyamalan movie or some [ __ ] ask
me like was a hold on was I really the
bag are the whole [ __ ] time how the
[ __ ] I'm trying to rewind this [ __ ]
everyone you rewind it you guys were in
a rink oh yeah why is there blood on my
hands [ __ ] I feel like sometimes women
have an argument quota that they need to
fill per month look you know right
here's the thing if they don't reach a
quarter by the end of the month guess
what [ __ ] you that's crunch time you
will get that quota by any means
necessary the last three days of the
month you dudes are [ __ ] man that's
what does it dude you just hanging out
with a good time and then BAM they'll
hit you with it
you'll be like you don't want baby I
love cheesecake stop [ __ ] is that
supposed to mean seriously seriously
seriously seriously seriously serious
you're not [ __ ] stupid you look guys
been phenomenal man thank you so much my
name is crystal oh thank you thanks I
appreciate that thank you very much
that's the sad there's no God now I got
a die soon because it this nothing is
good you don't want to live that long I
said you don't want to live that long
things it's like your body's program
it's like a GM motor car it's programmed
to you know start falling apart at a
certain age a program of people here you
buy a car right when you make the less
[ __ ] payment it falls apart program
[ __ ] you know I'm making a good buck
thank thanks for people like yourselves
that you know that don't know good
company but uh you know I bought an
Infiniti you know and I say what kind of
you know kind of feeling as an Infiniti
and that's forever you know it don't it
don't last forever the payments last
forever I don't even have a car to mom
still making payments it's an infinity
that makes us real
my name is Dan levy okay I say this
because there's some guy in Canada named
Dan levy who hosts like some MTV Canada
show okay you might be cool you might
not be cool I don't know I never met him
okay but I guess one day on MTV Canada
show he is engineering Kristen Stewart
from Twilight and called her a [ __ ] I
don't know this I'm in America getting
real [ __ ] done and I wake up and I'm
like a thousand emails I'm like this is
weird you know and I read the first seam
of the stomach was you [ __ ]
we love vampires
[Laughter]
like this is interesting
let's click and read you know so read
the email said dear dan levy
you don't know anything you stupid MTV
idiot your prob just jealous cuz you
won't look like Robert Pattinson but you
won't so you we love vampires and I'm
reading the same I'm like oh my god how
much did I drink last night that I
remember offending people who love
vampires how'd you even find these
people to offend like hand side comic
books or some guy walks by a nice long
teeth man I am Dan Lee yeah is that how
it works so I start googling I start F
booking I find out about this Dan levy
I'm like there's a Dan levy in Canada
I'm Dan levy in America he's got glasses
I got glasses
but then Levy's father is Eugene Levy
famous actor not like my father
Elliott Levy guy who sells blenders to
different people to different people
but I was like I gotta get in touch with
Dan levy you know I mean I gotta know
someone knows dan levy but he won't
respond I'm like had anyone Twitter
levies got a love for levy okay so
finally I guess email send me mail go
dear dan levy dan levy here hahaha
you probably recognize me from Google
Alerts anywho soul
you might want to pump the brakes in the
whole Christmas suit what's a [ __ ]
thing because I'm getting your hate mail
and you don't know anything
you stupid MTV idiot your prob just
jealous cuz you want to look like Robert
Pattinson but you won't so you we love
vampires
[Applause]
and on rare occasions racism has worked
out in my favor one time racism saved me
some money yeah I was at the grocery
store and you know how they have those
charity things when you're checking out
they're like would you like to give $1
your change to feed the children or
whatever right but they always ask so
loud that you can't say no right because
there's five people behind you in line
and uh would you like to feed the
children you're like [ __ ] yeah now I
think these people are looking at me I
got to feed the [ __ ] children don't I
and she's doing that to everybody right
would you like to feed the church are
you gonna help the chill and she got to
me just give you a dirty look cheating
ass [ __ ] and I know she was thinking
that your black hats don't feed your own
kids I was like [ __ ] Thank You racist
lady just save me five dollars I don't
care about your little bastard kids
heart out here they who the day I didn't
marry company how long you've been
married almost yeah
who's out living together before you got
back yeah love ya I always say don't do
it you know to see sometimes when you
single live by yourself you got a lot of
extra money you know you can say you
money you got extra in your pocket go to
happy hour you check that you can do
when you're single when you live by
yourself but when your woman lives with
you you don't wanna have extra money
I'll show you can relate to this because
when your girl is with you all of your
extra money now goes the toilet paper I
don't know what the hell it is about
woman with all the paper then several
rolls of toilet paper to last a single
do seven years am i right several rolls
of toilet paper master woman two days
what the hell are you doing with all the
paper I could just wipe in one time and
flush it like you don't do that but
you've got a white boat in half
wipe it again boat in half wipe it again
boat in hand wipe it again go to the ham
right one more toilet flush right but I
pop up once I got a shitty ass origami
duck what's in in the toilet i peep it
on my ex one time he was making a hole
cancer on the toilet paper see the
bathroom
count on a month genuine February marks
the paper remember the first time she's
been denied hey I'm in always drew it up
but we don't never know ladies make it
like it let me do a little clean this he
might spit at 99 their fellows when they
ask that question that's only nothing oh
yeah do you want a tea sir looks like
you got there right I got a t-shirt you
go in the other room everything dirty
you like can't get without one back here
without one this smell like [ __ ] I say
why didn't I do laundry you come back
with anything if you like here put this
tuxedo jacket on I got a wedding to go
to on a born is over need it back
[Music]
I'm one of those people that's so smart
that I'm uncomfortable in this world
and I'm scared to live I'm not scared to
live but it's scary out here goddamn I
know how flimsy this [ __ ] is I can see
through this I can see the truth there's
an animal inside each and every one of
you it's not good [ __ ] is real listen
I'm looking at paper the other day I'm
not making this up there's a serial
rapist in Houston
it's nothing funny about serial rape but
what is noteworthy about this particular
rapist is that all of his victims have
been men enjoy your evening
I can't believe you clapped about that
some man raping men in Houston's the
most gangster [ __ ] so far right like
seven men have already come forward in a
Houston area in report of this
[ __ ] which which means he must
have raped thousands it's a tough phone
call for us to make it's not like when
you get raped ladies there's no one
since I don't give a [ __ ] about male
rape hotline fuss mangobaby just gotta
get up walk that [ __ ] up huh got raped
[Applause]
take that [ __ ] to the grave
[Applause]
kalenna tell my wife some [ __ ] like that
come home I'll dishevel this [ __ ] penny
well you better step back in the morning
out [ __ ] another woman just go back
to sleep
[Applause]
a lot of sports I love the USC I was
shocked and Ronda Rousey lost again but
so many girls and please Bill Cosby was
jealous my favorite fighter is this guy
Frankie Edgar Rick this guy he keeps
moving forward one time his eye was so
black and swollen Kim Kardashian tries
to sit on it thank you because she loves
black hot listen [ __ ] I will explain
every help a family's nuts the
Kardashians they keep trying to talk
together Kim's like I'm making a sex
tape and closes that well I'll give them
are the Kim's like well I'm dating Kanye
the father is like [ __ ] it I'm a woman I
said Olivia move right there that guy is
going for the goal you feel like he's a
hero a hero
Superman and Batman were heroes he's an
x-men or a transformer oh that's the one
you like okay great I got my fiance a
Colin Kapernick your Z so she spends
more time in her knees you ever tell you
her old story but leave out your axe
that was in the story with you my girls
like your buddy Disney World again I
myself when I was 13 this guy laughs as
he hit him for laughing that's awesome
I was in New York it was the gay pride
parade and the Puerto Rican Day Parade
the exact same day Ricky Martin walked
127 miles I like to watch porn I go got
man he's watching porn why does he have
and I don't have like a mute button
I bought a food like porn the Bahamas
that was a mistake it was a video the
guy who sold me the porn jerking off to
a horse
the girl asked me to bring home a furry
little friends so I took up a Persian
chick these are joke people okay
[Music]
this next guy he just got done touring
with mr. Paul Rodriguez and Achmed Med
give it up for a mere K everybody is
this good man it's so diverse here I
just got off the road like you said with
a commit I commend decel races he was
with the name I just got the road I'm
dude all Middle Eastern every just
middle-age Middle Eastern man just I
guess with their stupid mustaches I mean
every time I came on I felt like I was
in the living room of my parents house I
was just waiting for my dad to come in
the back to spec tell us some jokes you
 clown based of Education based
off my money son of the
I tell my dad talks to 28 years how to
deal with that voice and he'll never be
at a real show cuz he hates that he
doesn't get stand-up he doesn't he hates
this right like in high school
senior year I got class clown right he's
going through my yearbook sees the
picture
I mean son of the you are a
 chill out I brought you to this
country to the HLR you can
be a lawyer you can be a dog too you can
open up your bunk I'm like dad you can't
just go around opening up banks
you like the people to laughing at you
you like them to laughing at you harm
I'm like yeah that I kind of like making
people laugh really showing them your
report card money
you
I slept with this girl once who like
getting choked during sex you guys ever
come across that it's weird you smiled a
little bit too big he's he's smiling
even bigger he's so I think that's a
weird fetish man which is a weird thing
to say because fetishes are weird that's
what make them fetishes but I think it's
a double standard of a fetish if
anything joking right because if a woman
is talking about her sexual preference
and she goes yeah I like to get choked
some guys find that sexy okay some do
but it's such a [ __ ] double standard
because if a guy is talking about his
sexual preference and he goes yeah I
like to choke women that guy's a
murderer that's all he is he's not a
sexy murderer don't trust that guy okay
and there's all these sexy couples who
always work out at the [ __ ] gym
together I had this friend who posted a
picture on Instagram it said it was him
and his [ __ ] girlfriend there posing
at the gym right it's the couples who
work out together stay together
yum-yum-yum you mmm-hmm
that's not true at all okay because
people who work out in general are
ambitious people right they want better
things they're at the gym they want a
better body and when they achieve that
they're gonna want a better significant
other it's just how it goes
so couples who work out together stay
together no couples who smoke weed and
binge watch Netflix together stay
together thank you
[Music]
ask any stoner hey Dave you thinking
about getting out of your relationship
hahaha dude I'm not even thinking about
getting out of my [ __ ] pajamas okay
what about thinking about getting out of
nothing I'm thinking about getting into
a bowl of cocoa puffs getting into How I
Met Your Mother marathon and if I'm
really ambitious I will get into my
girlfriend because she's there
you know couples who work out together
stay Kristin you're coming up on a year
with Tim he hasn't worked out and what
ever so good for you give it up for
Kristin that's great
[Music]
I think there are certain jobs in life
that black people should not have like
working in customer service to work in
customer service you have to have a
certain level of tolerance for anger and
aggravation and white people y'all are
built to deal with anger and aggravation
not [ __ ] mm-hmm I don't care how bad
[ __ ] is going with a white customer
service rep they like hostage
negotiators I don't give a [ __ ] how mad
you get they will talk you down
they will sir and I understand and
forgive me you to death sir what's the
problem my [ __ ] Playstation hey
we're good and I can't play online I
pissed the [ __ ] off sir sir sir
what's your name bouquet that's a great
name whatever the problem is sir please
believe we will get through this what
game are you trying to play [ __ ] mad
football I love football what's your
favorite team the Giants I love the
Broncos go Giants
by the time they fix that [ __ ] you being
[ __ ] apologize look man I mean pretty
sure she's going through without a [ __ ]
you don't have an [ __ ] wife is
leaving me my kids ain't [ __ ] I'm sorry
okay sir my name is Chad if ever you
need help again my extension is 487 and
go Broncos
black people [ __ ] [ __ ] the
standoff yeah [ __ ] wrong with [ __ ] my
[ __ ] I'm trying to figure it out maybe
you think I talked to me like that man
[ __ ] you who the [ __ ] you [ __ ] you
ain't [ __ ] suck my dick your mom a [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ]
you
yesterday was me and my fiance is fifth
year anniversary was Donna plucked oh no
don't applaud I only know because she
told me today um in between tears she is
the sweetest woman in the world she's
Chinese she's so cute she's so nice
she's little like I call her slinky
because she's so small and skinny and
she makes funny noises when I push her
down the stairs no I would never hit her
i want to but there's laws yeah so she's
so sweet she's chinese and i'm jewish
and it creates some interesting dynamics
in the relationship some arguments that
I can't possibly win like the other day
we're watching TV we're watching this
documentary on Japanese people you might
have heard of it dragon ball z it's very
informative you seen it good you learned
a lot um so I decide I'm gonna change
the channel I've seen enough and I go to
grab the remote control and she says
sure here we go again with the Jew
controlling the media you can't win that
argument uh I met her parents a while
ago but I still remember that day she
took me to Chinatown to meet them cuz
that's where they make Chinese people
and along the way she taught me some
things to say in chinese to make a good
impression with her parents she taught
me niihau which means nice to meet you
she told me she che which means thank
you she taught me a chinois yang hao
which means I'm sorry embarrassed your
family use that one a lot
um we're actually in a fight right now
though guys maybe go back me up on this
I think that it's okay to pee in the
shower but she's all mad because
apparently there's some big difference
between peeing in the shower and peeing
into the shower while she's in there
taking a bath
I got these nieces now that is spoiled I
was talking to my one niece she's
Italian too she said she spent $400 on a
Halloween costume and I want to tell you
people something when I was a kid I made
my Halloween costume didn't you make
your costume I made it when I was 5
years old my mother made my first
Halloween costume you know what she did
she put a colander on my head
she put a colander on my head a wooden
spoon in one hand an oven mitt over the
other hand and a dirty dish towel around
my neck and she said now you go
trick-or-treating
I said well alright mom but Who am I
supposed to be she said you're out dente
take your time 35 years I thought al
dente was an action-adventure hero
wieners a lot safer than alcohol don't
you think huh
all the problems you had in your life
are caused by alcohol and that's [ __ ]
legal if you think back all the times
you [ __ ] up you were probably on
alcohol if your boyfriend got pissed off
and punched him he was an alcohol right
you didn't come home all stoned and
threw [ __ ] cookies at your head you
know like you bring it down logically
who would rather hide behind the wheel
of a car driving a big [ __ ] metal
machine which I'll have a drunk guy
driving or a stone guy stone guy to get
the seat belt on let's go like five
miles per hours like jesus [ __ ]
christ what's that it's that a ski rack
good okay hold on pull over pull over is
a big truck we're walking everybody get
out the certain things you shouldn't do
stoned right and you shouldn't do them
drunk either they should give us that
option to figure it out Jeff hanging out
with the grandmother when you're stoned
never happened it happens once you know
on a lifetime was was kind of funk my
grandmother's got Alzheimer's so we were
just telling the same story back and
forth for like five hours then she made
a whole bunch of cookies and I [ __ ]
ate them all and then she forgot made a
whole bunch of cookies and I [ __ ] ate
him up Church church stoned
georgeanna that was a bad move I
panicked the whole time I got really
nervous you know got the munchies and
with the communion like six times run a
thing of salsa with me you know like
give me some Jesus
the oles ideas some in the pew right and
the priest is up there talking and I'm
listening I'm like okay what would
happen if I just yelled out [ __ ]
that can't happen
no I don't think they'd throw me out
there's no bouncers in church right
don't you think you could do anything
you want to in church you get up and try
to start a wave you know like huh
finally you can walk in dressed up like
Satan just sit in the back row boo put
on a Jesus robe and a Jesus beard and
just come in the back door who the [ __ ]
are you people what the [ __ ] this is my
[ __ ] house give me my wine back
the most confident human beings in the
world are white women crossing the
street while staring at their phone I've
never seen a more confident person in
the they cross the street like Moses
just parted the red save and nothing on
earth can hit them not a cab driver a
[ __ ] bicyclist nothing will hit them
at all it's quickly I think they're
testing us though and girls are testing
us you really are I swear it you walk
down the street I think in their head
and like hit me [ __ ] hit me hit me do
you give it any idea my dad will do to
you if you hit me okay they have a recce
oh [ __ ] I Drive around all day in New
York City for my day job and I've made
this decision in life before I died I
will hit a white woman
I'm gonna [ __ ] it my heart not with my
hands you know I'm not an animal you
know I'm not an NFL player I'm not doing
that all like it's not [ __ ] real huh
is it too much for you people I'm gonna
hit it with my super room that's what
I'm gonna do yeah judge me I have a
lesbian car all right
they gave it to me because I look like
one so that's what it really comes down
to I wanted a Jeep I wanted a Jeep they
allow on a Jeep Cherokee they're like no
you get a Subaru Denise get out of here
let's go
[Music]
I don't know if you know the place
there's certain men that like threesomes
okay
they're called every man ever in the
history of [ __ ] ever I'll not be
aware of that ladies not my boyfriend
yeah your boyfriend not my husband
especially your husband if you don't
believe me check his google history or
ask him after the show I love they have
a couple driving home honey when I come
extend how every guy wasn't crazy that's
true they know I love you baby
you're more than number me honey
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah babe not really - David threesome
not my idea of a good time I mean unless
you want to if you want to mean I don't
put a few does your friend Becky you
want to get freaky one night I'm saying
thank you because I'm talk about a
standard proper American Christian
threesome okay I'm talking about girl
girl guy nothing about guy guy girl two
guys in the girl that is not a threesome
that is gay sex and a witness yeah
hashtag true story my best friend
growing up trying Vic dude oh god this
really hot girl come over you got to
join us what so I go over there right I
go you my best friend guys don't judge
my best friend want me to not go
he'll never do that's exhausting we want
Harv like 40 minutes I was like yo Tom
out what does that girl get in here bro
if you didn't laugh that joke eat a bag
of dicks Oh guess my best goddamn joke
all right
you weren't expecting that and also on
that day all right but in that joke I
can make myself gay okay just get a
laugh you people do you understand that
there's a cost to that in my mind I had
to do that to my best friend for 40
minutes I don't know why I'm looking at
you I feel right there
and by the way the joke up dude I'm not
you know I'm man is ìletís there's a
limit to my comedy
you
[Music]
so I've been up late so I've been
watching porn I go I go on youporn and
if you guys don't know about you porn
it's old-school but it's like YouTube
with positive comments not a lot of
dislikes on youporn and I was on this
website I stumbled upon a gangbang okay
when I say stumbled I mean I searched
gangbang and like nineteen thousand
video showed up and I've like never been
a part of a gangbang you know but it was
very confusing for me because it was
four dudes and one girl one girl clearly
not the best childhood for dudes having
a pretty good Tuesday I think it was a
Tuesday it was a Tuesday for me okay and
the way was set up as one guy was having
sex with a girl like Greg like doing it
regular done that what's up Hoodie there
we go okay one guy was having a little
but you know I'm talking about there we
go like that face ring person looking
good with the thing okay
but one guys have a little face one guys
did a little rig that things we've done
before right crowd but then they were
just like one naked guy in the corner
maybe you've seen this bit before just
like by himself just like violently
masturbating just like sitting like ah
ah and I'll watch this video like what
the [ __ ] is that guy doing that guy is
doing the same [ __ ] that I'm doing but I
don't have to be on camera
you know like who wants to be the
awkward guy at the gangbang just like
now not now is it out not now now not
now is it now not now now is it like
wrestling you touch dicks let me know
now not down now
[ __ ] it I'll be the kitchen if you need
me I'll be in the kitchen eating a
sandwich but then I'm sitting like all
[ __ ] now I'm jerking off thinking about
this guy's life who is this guy I don't
know this guy it definitely seems like a
Tuesday it seems like a Tuesday alright
clear history close
I did not enjoy pregnancy no man does
it's not much where women you get
treated like you're Queens in the
universe and guys we get truly we had
nothing to do with it and I'm gonna be
wrong ladies I understand the miracle of
human life you're growing human it's a
beautiful thing but don't forget you
can't make the Big Mac without the
secret sauce that's all I'm saying
right I'm not saying I wanted a shower
or gifts or flies I want a little credit
like I was get tired of people run up to
my wife rubbing her stomach like look at
you you're amazing
you made a miracle you're glowing I
wanted people to run to me at least
rub my balls or something you know
saying just a little like look at you
you're amazing
it made a miracle you're glowing
I love that you got into you're like
okay how Zinda I was in the delivery
room when it happened don't do that
fellas oh I've seen some things I cannot
unsee I did learn this doughnut delivery
room I learned the women you're a lot
more mature than men are way more mature
a lot more mature and as I found that I
ready fellas if you've never been into
the room get ready see a woman get
manhandled and what I mean by that is
people come in very nonchalantly they
just put their hand in her and then walk
out like nothing they come in there like
three centimeters they leave at one
point I could have sworn as a janitor my
man was like four he left
like does he work here he's in the
corner anyway her doctor comes in to
check it right she's like I'm mrs.
Rivera she checks her she's like I about
five centimeters I'll be back in an hour
to check on you again as soon as she
left first words out of my mouth I was
like babe for the next checkup you
should put a quarter up there before you
judge me could you imagine the look on
that doctors face on that next checkup
like are mr. Brett well that's different
and that's why I say women are more
mature than men ladies are not a lot if
we had vaginas we put stuff in it we
would forget a wallet I carry everything
in mine
credit cards keys loose change if I was
giving birth confetti
going up my pops wasn't there yeah [ __ ]
hurt but yeah man but we're helping to
heal it's gonna have my own kids cuz I
was like oh I see why he left this is
stupid this ain't fun at all
my youngest son is a jerk you're always
doing stupid [ __ ] man he wanted me to
call this teacher to see if he can get a
new seat I called his teacher
I said don't move my son you make him
sit next to the girl he don't like and
they don't know it's cuz of me cuz I had
a sleep mixer girl don't like cuz of him
your dad man the hard especially like if
you got black years like me thankfully
unless we die stable to talk about huh
when you got black songs me always
concern is don't embarrass us you don't
saying some you know I'm saying no black
person cold just me hi just me and
Jordan okay cool well that's the thing
like don't embarrass us mint because
here's the thing about being a black
dude
everything I do it represents the whole
race right if you do something white
dude it's just him doing it like if you
pull your penis out right now people
gonna be like man that white dude just
pulled his penis out but if I pull mine
out talking black down his dick is big
and I gotta represent the whole race you
know I'm saying a lot of pressure you
know I saw it is be black man black
folks we stick together man I just met
drawing today we DAP him back then we
you know I'm saying we get my hugs and
[ __ ] all right man good luck alright dog
good look at it thank you that's how it
is when a black folks stick together man
and I like that rule but sometimes I
don't
because there's some black folks I don't
want to stick with I'm be honest with
you man I was on this Southwest flight
that's the first problem
I'm falling on a budget you know say I'm
on the Southwest flight man in this open
seat next to me and I'm hoping it's a
beautiful woman coming my way right so
I'm looking down and I see a woman
coming towards me on my cuz I worked my
butt first of all her feet was right
I like when y'all had a little white
strip but the toe I love that oh hell
yeah that mean you've got your [ __ ]
together we got the white strip you
don't say that's a lot of detail you
don't I mean that's you got the white
strip your house is clean that's all I'm
saying that's just you you care you know
what I mean so she had the white strip
so I'm like okay okay I'll work it up I
see the hips on my hips man I'm okay
okay okay okay
then I'm working my way up higher and I
see a nametag I'm like aw man she work
here uh she she's just smiling cuz she
you don't employee right she not about
to sit next to me the very next dude I'm
judging him I don't wanna be honest I
racially profiled this dude I did can
see now I'm chillin right now but when I
get on a plane I always got to make sure
I'm suited and booted looking good cuz
like I said we represent the whole race
everywhere we go with black people so
I'm clean I'm dressing the way that says
I didn't do it and he was dressing the
way too said it was me so you know how
when the dudes be sagging right he's
sagging and I he's sagging so low I can
see this [ __ ] fine meat right I'm like
damn yelling your legs is ashy dog right
he on the phone he louder why cuz I cuz
I cuz I'm on my way to LA right now cuz
I'm
one of these dudes right I'm judging
this dude I'm thinking he's a gangster
the next thing he said let me know he
was not a thug he said some bitch-ass
[ __ ]
he was like us what time the Lion King
start thugs do not get to sing Hakuna
Matata dog that is not that is not
gangster player so I'm judging this dude
he come my mum think he bet not sitting
next to me he bet not sure enough he was
like icons can I sit there I was like no
because no matter what you do people
gonna think I do it too that's exactly
what I said actually I was like go here
bro so he's sitting there right and I'm
like I'm chilling you know saying and he
proceeds to prove he's exactly what I
thought cuz that beautiful sister walk
back and he was I I fright waitress I
said to dismiss
he started listening to music without
the headphones dog ah sly you know what
I'm just gonna go to sleep right no
matter so they they won't think you know
it was me if he does something right so
I try to go to sleep
no keep behind me start kicking my chair
oh man I give him the courtesy look hey
I late trying to go to sleep again I
looked at his mom like yo damn I try to
go to sleep that's from the crib dude
turn around hey [ __ ] get your kid my
brother is trying to sleep I was like
black folks got to stick together duh
I'm Tyler being great thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I love thinking about aliens in space
you don't have to convince me that
aliens built the pyramids
I got Netflix which means I already
believe that [ __ ]
you obviously probably have Netflix too
and if you're like me you've seen one of
the 3000 documentaries streaming on
Netflix about how the pyramids were
built and you too likely have been
convinced that the very least we had a
little bit of help building those super
structures thousands of years ago the
way the light shafts line up to the
constellations the geographical location
of the pyramids on the globe the way
they line up geometrically with one
another we can fit thirty five Empire
State buildings inside of the biggest
pyramid think about how enormous that
[ __ ] is and you think we built those by
ourselves it's taken over ten years to
repave two miles of the five north and
glennda you're the price you want do not
mean I'm crazy I'm rubber you're glue
batches of me you cuckoo I'll go even
further than that you could convince me
with quite ease that aliens helped us
build any superstructure I've ever seen
in my entire life you have been driving
down the freeway and two other freeways
cross over a top of you the giant
concrete formation
good thing my 99 Camry doesn't have a
sunroof or I'd wreck every [ __ ] time
oh my god any building over 10 storeys
tall
[ __ ] how's that building not fall down
it's so windy up there it's heavy how
does any dude over six foot seven walk
around all day you're top-heavy
[ __ ] over any bridge over a
large body of water like the Golden Gate
Bridge in San Francisco or in the
American South land there's bridges that
go through 30 40 miles of straight
swampland no solid land in between how
do those bridges stand still how they
not collapse it's so mushy down there I
suppose she made maybe the poles aren't
even steel maybe those poles are made of
concrete how'd you get that concrete
hard underwater do how the [ __ ] did you
get a concrete hard on the war on
you put a sexy lady in there no sexy
ladies don't make everything hard just
dicks in life so almost everything
almost that's me saying almost not the
size of my dick
I want to get something clap if you have
a tattoo here yeah you do but
seriousness well what's your name
Maki Maddy hi Maddy I'm Jeff from one of
the comics what's your tattoo Maddy you
have an arrow on your finger ah
because this doing that wasn't working
[Applause]
it's probably the thing you're just
pointing something there like what did
she do it oh I'm sure there's meaning
behind it right there's gotta be some
yeah that's that's the important thing
is have personal meeting behind a tattoo
like I want to get a cross on my arm
underneath it not dad's me and 18:56 -
2018 just to see the look on his face I
hope you all the [ __ ] is that Maddie
would be like take another look
all right clean up your act pops man I
feel like it's cuz I'm getting too old
like I've just heard 31 a few months ago
and thanks me my friends my friends have
been freaking out more than I have
they're like oh I wanna be 21 again do
you want to go back to that brain I
don't I want to keep what I earned up
here I don't mean to I don't want to go
back to being the guy at the strip club
that's like no I think she likes me
[Applause]
never again
I have a buddy of mine who's 29 he's
almost 30 and he's always been vulgar
but he's becoming more proved and I can
see it and hear it and it's like
maturity right but he's doing it in the
same sentence and it's confusing we were
out one night he took the girl home next
day I saw him like hey man she bends up
says he goes nah she just sucked my dick
and we fooled around and I got excited
I'm like I just pictured like a blow job
and then hide-and-seek or something like
that how adorable so I got excited I'm
like she's a goofy gal huh and he's like
no that's just more sex stuff and then I
got mad so I'm like my mom uses that
phrase don't fool no I'm not don't do
that phrase my mom uses phrase like I'm
not gonna do that to you
like oh what am i up to tonight I'm
gonna eat ass and dilly-dally that's
what I'm gonna do
a rig job and hanky-panky
[Music]
you
[Music]
I like movies last movie I saw was that
theory of everything the Stephen Hawking
movie it's a good movie it's kind of
weird though watching a movie where you
you already know what happens to the
person because it's beginning the movie
he is dancing around having a good time
and you're like he doesn't know he just
thinks he tripped cool I didn't know
that he was married for like 30 years
and he has three kids as his woman and
then he ended up leaving her for another
woman
that's pretty baller would you think
about it to be confined to a wheelchair
unable to talk and still think to
yourself I can do better the [ __ ] is
holding me back hey can you set up the
ramp so I can leave you like how does
that argument even go down is what I
want to know because normally what
couples fight it's this verbal ping-pong
match like screw you know screw you this
woman just had to have waited forever
you know just like what you're going to
leave me she has to wait for
[Applause]
[Music]
you win some you lose some
second rule be prepared I'm coming to
you next man with two women that thinks
is better than everybody else
how'd you get so many chicks remember at
the beginning of the night and didn't
have this many gorillas
how did you get to this point look
here's the deal to some of you you came
here I didn't break into your house
start doing this [ __ ] let's drop the
attitude there's right now some of you
treat me like you were having a barbecue
and I just kicked over the fence starts
out jokes that's all okay you guys
somehow found parking in this
neighborhood now you're all in here
[ __ ] thinking you're better than
everybody else sit in the second row
there's a [ __ ] writer that'll write a
screenplay about you if you don't
[ __ ] get involved in this [ __ ] you're
right spray blazer uses write blogs talk
about your french toast did you have
oh hey French dogs why are you freaking
out
great gluten-free or some lady what
about you ma'am ma'am the lady was
talking to you fine remember I was
talking to these people that you had a
conversation and then I broke out Here I
am
you try to figure out where I'm from
that's not part of the show it's not
called [ __ ] Border Patrol [ __ ]
let's relax their buttholes and have a
little bit of loud the weirdest thing
I've ever had yelled out in the middle
of the [ __ ] show where are you from
you can't recognize a Long Beach accent
[Applause]
dog and just how you shaking your hand
you're like no no more jokes tell us
where you're from
what's that my humor where my humors
from from my soul that is empty you see
then my soul is empty [ __ ] [ __ ] and
it's a word from why is your soul empty
I asked you to turn around and slap her
but you can just put her in a headlock
and cracker-like and walk with your side
these guys have the attitude like we
travel together doing this that girl
where are you problem that's their
[ __ ] bit but they do it again no they
can't have anything they've got their
keys there and they're going home is
that right where are you from Brazil
prove it
show me your waxing room that you've got
nothing down here everybody both pretty
sure one of the lensing
his eyes with a star that's weird that
you're from Brazil and you're just
yelling at other people where you oh my
god people get into that magazine here
don't they soon as they get across that
border
[Applause]
feel like this sectional here
feel like they want to laugh but they're
still sweaty down here what do you do
Brazil what question is what did you do
[ __ ] avoided the question so I'm
feeling like I'm not the only one that
can be sold you own a restaurant kind of
food Italian yes that's exactly weird
that you have no hair and you're hanging
out with a bunch of hairy people well
we're trying not to get a boner right
now
most responsive her animals
I own a restaurant what's your specialty
I was thinking the restaurant but what's
your sexual preference because I feel
like that's what you're gonna die the
way you did it was very sexual
oh yes ma'am yes ma'am yes wagon don't
tell me what sexual I'm not sexual but
write this down at your typewriter and
get ready we're gonna [ __ ] out the
three-blade Steven J canal we're gonna
have a [ __ ] TV show ready for this
look will you do it do you work at the
restaurant and this is your big
Christmas party the other people are
working at the restaurant you take your
two favorites
what is your Brazilian Italian
restaurant mom mom yes you should I
don't know if you know how business
works you tell when people around you
let them know about what you have what
that Alma smell al ma is there any
Indian people here to correct and prove
that she is spelling that right I'm
talking 50 baht no boo-boo and you guys
got uncomfortable it is Christmas sir
Christopher Columbus Day so I see here
my whole right away do you work it out
Laura you know she's your best friend
come on let me get a dick put your girls
a little bad best friends time to move
on
[ __ ] now over how old are you 36 prove
it take off your top release the
hostages I hate to go from babies to sex
I know you hate the most [ __ ] prude
for the brazillian I've ever met
she's the only one of the believes in
Jesus in me that's the funniest statue
ever back that's how much crimes in
Brazil are you Brazilian as well yes you
are you are you are you bringing all
these girls here you got some sort of
business and you can't use Americans
with that South Dakota haha
what is gone this is damage [ __ ] his
pants right now
we got panel
look at all the guys behind you just
waiting to [ __ ] talk to you are you
guys all single did she say no it's time
to play a game
ma'am how do you like your beards you
like it finished beginning one guys is
really starting it off that guy's got
none of them those guys are bugging
they're going through puberty what kind
of man do you like their hands like I
was asking if you're a lesbian enough
[ __ ] time well that's weird that's
right there this is my position that I'm
an expert at what I do with my core is
so tight I just I go on top of your dick
and then I just sit there
he's getting mad at me here but
Brazilian anger is coming up right away
pull out a soccer ball and throw it at
me
and then run at me and as you get close
fall down thank you God
alright fellas what kind of girls you
like are your hands from Toronto oh my
god [ __ ] if anybody could weep whiter
than we're not here to get something
we're taking home the Sun thing I call
them the rain are you guys on a hockey
game what's that you're on vacation nice
three guys together on the big game just
think one of you just broke up recently
and two guys we're gonna get you over
this bubby broken heart gonna make him
think that he loves me but he's not
make sure it beyond salmon sorry salmon
shirt do you have a lady at home it's
okay sorry I didn't mean to I thought it
was salmon okay all right
very tough Canadian you have a lady home
what's that you're single it could be
your conversation skills man you like a
fixer-upper very good-looking but don't
expect to talk too much use it as a
busboy don't talk to the tables just
haven't picked things up did you say no
do you say thank you very much just to
let you know these are jokes I don't
know if you know
I'm actually not trying to set you up I
think you probably do very well you own
a restaurant you got a shame [ __ ]
from Long Beach [ __ ] helping you out
you're welcome thank you for talking to
me because I tried to talk to them and
they [ __ ] mother the sand what a stop
to it these guys were fun [ __ ] the
writer was fun he knew what he was doing
but they [ __ ] sucked and then you
[ __ ] brought me in and boom we mixed
the foreigners which you were looking
for so you're probably excited you can
phone [ __ ] ice and Tom know let them
know they're here there's three
Canadians here send the home tonight
they're coming down here in vacationing
that's right lean over blow order here
they can tap her on the shoulder
[Applause]
thank you for having me to your Black
Panther body
[Applause]
[Music]
I started working out in the gym I tore
my Achilles heel playing basketball yes
[ __ ] up first of all I'm in my forties
so it's over yes dad like y'all 15 so I
don't matter you tear your Achilles heel
you can walk it off you know the man you
just tie it together with some string
and keep playing not me I was problems I
first of all let me tell you so I was on
crutches for three months if you find
yourself incapacitated you make sure you
get somebody around you to give a damn
hear me cuz when I tell you my wife
didn't give a [ __ ] about me I knew I had
to call my mother to come help me on day
two when I said I bet you think I'd get
some water she went Oh [ __ ] I got 88
days to go and now I start working out
at the gym which I never do
I never work out at the gym I started
doing that cuz I was gonna work out at
home with them little workout videos see
their little videos they got you know
it's too much it's too much work the
warm-up is 11 minutes are we bout to
start I'm like no you bout to start I'm
about to shut it down you understand we
don't do 85 push-ups no II not there's
no reason I'm never gonna do 80 I'm
never gonna do 10 none two at the most
went down to see if my keys went on in
the car
one back up when it didn't that's it the
workout DVDs is two but you've seen the
name of them asylum insanity first of
all relax I don't need no prison body
you understand I don't need to be in
enough shape to fight off a shower rape
I don't need that
I mean Oh strewth to make some oatmeal
for my daughters in the morning that's
it my workout video need to be called do
what you feel that's what I need [ __ ]
feel like doing three push-ups do it
shut it down that was a good day
I like you guys's energy made you all
buddies now was it was there like a
strategy tonight with the denim or is it
just did you wear the denim and then you
would like you [ __ ] do this
what were you like jean jacket buddies
for life
you brought you definitely did have this
guy sitting between you though right cuz
there's something weird guys are that
weird where you like dude we can't be
Jean on team they're gonna think we're
sucking each other's dicks guys are so
[ __ ] just you know guys are a little
too just knew no homo it'll just can't
be get a facial without a guy be like oh
yeah what was his name you know no I
just had my tits pop dude by
professional is that what they're
calling them pop you with this button do
we go that's not even possible
no no that I do do guys get so uneasy
with homosexuality still in 2019 so a
handful of dudes out there with some you
know just you know rumblings where they
think of a complement is going their way
they think there might be some
homoerotic connotations being suggested
right so they it's just you know it so
Pete's just a sweet new haircut Craig
hey easy man
ain't gonna [ __ ] you right they just
jump to conclusions it's like that was
never on the table Daniel or you're not
that hot to begin with there's a
highlight in it for me I was in Arizona
right get offstage dude be lines right
to me pretty flattering about the show
which I appreciate and then he takes it
down awkward Avenue for no reason I
think this dude could feel himself
showering me with too much dude on dude
positivity it just had to make it weird
news like yeah it was a great shot man I
was a lot of fun is Adam right alright
why it's me
I've never heard any man but all you to
be [ __ ] tonight a that was a good to
house on the back of my brother you're
just like who's well again having a good
time you say cool if I get a photo with
you real quick is that chill you mind if
you get a picture is that Alright I mean
I mean hey man Jaime hey man
I try to eat I try to I try to I try to
suck your dick earn on it cuz I can't
dude obviously nothing about a photo
made me think you blowing me in public
was the next move here who are you
taking photos with and how much
validation do you think I need like I
really had a good time you had some fun
okay why don't you prove it [ __ ]
once you show me with their mouth and
front everybody hi my name is Adam Ray
you guys are great grab thank you very
much coming after the Laugh Factory
[Applause]
[Music]
I got my future vagina on my vision
board you'll see yeah you're gonna see I
want like a big one too like I don't
want a little line right I want a big
aggressive [ __ ] oh I'm opposite be a
problem in this sometimes like they
comes around I get nervous you know like
one long delay like again I'm scared a
girl you know like cuz they're just
running late like what a baby and just
long and [ __ ] like this is on the red
carpet you know that's what I want I
want that [ __ ] like when it's closed out
I'm like I'll just throw it over my
shoulder you know let's make a funny
earlier but yeah I'm not listening
let's see that's what I want you know
fun with it you know cuz they're gonna
talk about you anyway you know so that's
what's the fun at least I hope so that's
the kind of girl I I'm like I want to be
the kind of girl like all my friends
talk about me and [ __ ]
cuz they just jealous you know
[Music]
I was watching Mansour's on Spike TV has
anybody seen the show Mansour's yeah
alright two people this jokes gonna go
great answers of the show let Spike TV
if you haven't seen this [ __ ] show
it's awesome right it's the most
fast-paced abd hyperactive hyperactive
seizure of a [ __ ] fun fact trivia
show it's just like hey you wanna make
chili out of four loko and battery acid
here's how [ __ ] boom but it's a
second uh right would you say how do you
describe it all right sure
I wouldn't have asked that if I'd known
you were a registered sex offender
I like the sex ones his girlfriend was
like yeah this is the show masters if
like if Maxim magazine and crystal meth
had a baby it would give anal birth to
the show man sirs that's the [ __ ] cut
the whole show is just like hey you
wanna make a beer bong out of a chips
tip and a world's greatest hockey fights
DVDs well you're in luck wait don't [ __ ]
that [ __ ] check this out
who would win in a fight Bruce Lee or
Maya Angelou check out this girl's
crotch here's some Vietnam War footage
for no reason
your friend passes out at a party from
drinking too much OxiClean what did you
do take him to the hospital
I got an idea
sharpen a toothbrush into a knife stab
him in the neck with it then start
chucking his blood
it's got free OxiClean and am i right I
just pooped Raghu never mind the fact
that 90% of the wealth in the world zone
by less than 1% of the population
we got rare audio of North American
grizzly bears farting then we're gonna
play overstock footage of mammograms I
just dig we've dancers on after the view
Maura
you know k like cuz like if you're a man
you're not supposed to be buying sex
toys at the internet' so it's a man up
and go to the weird-ass sex shops and
buy it like a man can I thought you find
out how comfortable you are with
yourself like personally like that's
good sex shop say you know you're
uncomfortable use you like I remember
when I first when I was 18 I mean I park
two blocks down I wore a hoodie in there
it was summer I remember walking in the
parking lot was completely empty in this
weird-ass sex store and I open up the
door there's like 90 people in there
where are you people parking is there at
a sex shop shuttle just drop in people
to office Sarah dildo Express going on
then I'm gonna wear off I've never I've
got my little condoms and I ran out cuz
I wasn't comfortable with myself you
know now it's completely different cuz
I'm comfortable I'm I'm 37 I know you
can't tell i exfoliating moisturizing
[ __ ] that's me that's me I'm 37 though
man now I'm so cold myself I can hang
out the sex shop now like it's a [ __ ]
club just like a hangout in the back of
the club if I have a question on a
product I don't go to the front desk and
ask I'll yell it out hey buddy you guys
got this in brown maybe a little more
flimsy yeah I don't want to [ __ ] up any
hips I just wanna have a good time man
you guys go outside today that's a
legitimate question to ask in Las Vegas
people I've been here many times five
days of em and breathing casino air for
five days brisk out there today we'll
call here's a thing folks I'm from
Southern California I am a weather boss
okay so in the California we don't like
any extremes in our what Southern
California we hate the cold
oh if it just dips into the 60s we are
like soon are you kidding me cool the
earth must be off its axis
build a fire get the plants inside it's
62
that's our lane we're in Southern
California people will build a fire when
it's 62 degrees with firewood we buy at
the grocery store and it's
shrink-wrapped cuz we don't want dirty
wood we're gonna burn it
stupid we are and I said I hate the cold
I hate it and here's what a jackass I am
you know I wasn't October get this
October
I booked a gig in Nome Alaska yeah Nome
Alaska
October minus 30 degrees minus 30
degrees in October how do you can
trick-or-treat minus 30 degrees
what's that conversation well I got to
go look at you dressed up like Vincent
van Gogh my ear chipped off three houses
ago I'm Batman
yeah what's google brisk out there today
I walked out there and you know that's
the thing too I mean no no how about how
often do you guys Las Vegas or if you
live here or whatever but people who are
like maybe visiting maybe you always
come the same time every year you know
maybe this is your time your Vegas week
yeah you always come you know and the
temperatures like this you know but a
lot of people don't realize it's
summertime crazy hot 106 108 wintertime
December I've seen it I've seen it snow
on the strip insane 30 degrees no matter
how hot or how cold it gets here in
Vegas though it does not deter from the
hooker card giver out of guys does it
108 30 degrees I love the hooker card
give router guys to I'm collecting all
the hooker cards I have a 1963 cinnamon
rookie card catcher
five guys got that five guys one woman
who's moaning on this side the great
joke I don't care a few more that's a
solid mystery I want if you haven't seen
the hooker card give router guys just
bought tomorrow on the strip out there
and course every day rain or shine they
travel in packs of six
but if you notice they never spread out
they literally stand one two three four
five six so you walk down this tree you
got to walk that gauntlet you walk by
hooker card give her our guy number one
and he gives you the cell and you of
course say no thank you
and then four feet later
number three gives you the harder now
what makes him think that in a four foot
span now you want a hooker now who is
doing this I do not want a hooker today
all hooker would be awesome today as
soon as my Nana goes to sleep
[Music]
originally from Denver Colorado and yeah
yeah you know it's been I went back home
for my birthday had a birthday and I
really liked birthdays you know my first
thought would be a great idea to take
you to a strip club for my birthday it
was a very interesting experience they
had a stripper there that I kind of
think might have been racist not because
she wouldn't dance me and my friend she
would just say [ __ ] that was like a
little out of line when she'd do it
right they should be like you want me to
put these tents on those big-ass black
lips and I was like what the [ __ ] yeah
but do you have to say it all Jim Crow
and she's like remind you of watermelons
don't thing and I was like again yes
again inappropriate go ahead and put
them on my lips though yeah go ahead go
for that
[Music]
Oh y'all good everybody good good nice
what's up man I uh I'm gonna be honest
with you guys I I'm still heartbroken
that jay-z cheated on Beyonce like I am
like I really am man because like I'm
sure all of us in here are great people
but none of us are better than Beyonce
and it's like if Beyonce could get
cheated on that means we're all getting
cheated on as a group well I think like
beyonce is a beautiful millionaire and
she still got cheated on I don't even
have my own Netflix account I know I'm
getting cheated on and I'm not even in a
relationship like that's my future
girlfriend already cheating on me buddy
that's for real and like honestly like
I've come to the conclusion that I just
may not be cut out for a relationship
like I don't think I'm good enough for a
relationship because the last time I was
in a relationship I was using my
girlfriend's ex-boyfriends Netflix
account and like I told her to keep him
around just because he paid the bills on
time he looked out for us so much and
like and I met him one time and he was
like hey yo I had her first and I was
like yeah but I have your Netflix every
night
the messed up thing is like they wound
up getting back together but not before
I got to see all three seasons of
daredevil so I feel I feel like I won
[Music]
not drinking tonight maybe that's I
should be drinking too so you guys are
all drinking right we have designated
drivers pick downs done people just
laughed
is there a designated driver here [ __ ]
it we'll take our chances
it's a big town la there's not a lot of
cops that's what people who come here my
friend are always amazed like you could
just do anything you want on the
register so many people like no there's
cops here and they're dicks I got pulled
over leaving this club this is at
rooster I got pulled over leaving was
right before Memorial Day so was that
man so may I'm leaving the club and I
can pull over by a cop and the cop comes
up to me first cop first question a cop
always asks you is what have you been
drinking so me being white guy honest
guys stupid guy instead of lying I go I
go actually I had three beers down at
the Laugh Factory and the cop goes oh
are you a comedian
I'm like yes I am he's like oh really
this is what he says to me really are
you on coke tonight you doing blow a
stereotype that everyone thinks always
comic strips are and do a guy I got I
don't know I have you read [ __ ]
doughnuts you fat pig
you know you do stereotypes so I'm faced
down on the hood of the car hand cogman
said I was a comedian thought you think
it was funny you know saw they uncuffed
me he gives me a ticket this is where I
get pissed here's here's what he writes
me up for an aggressive start that was
the fine aggressive son he said that I
took off too fast at this late right
here at Crescent Heights heading that
way at sunset said it was too fat I'm
like what are you sure gives me this
ticket for $200 I do semi money so I'm
gonna I'm gonna fight this would you not
fight this send the 200 bucks and get a
court date I got to fight it guess what
cop didn't even show up they had to
throw the ticket out and send me my $200
bag thank you very much yes
always fight your table so I took the
money won out and bought an eight ball
and it was amazing it's all that
Oh
oh gosh you guys I've been I love
watching jail shows
I am sessom because I like watching
drunk people go to jail and if you ever
said is it so it's so funny because
drunk people are so confident up front
right and then at some point they cry
and that's the best part of the episode
I saw this one guy and he's go to jail
he's and the cops like gonna make your
one phone call girl yeah yeah the cop is
like relax man there's our phone points
in this old payphone dude breaks down
immediately
what no where's my cell phone at I don't
know anybody's phone number smarts
yes hearts balling some of you were
laughing and some of you're thinking oh
my god I don't know anybody's phone
numbers either I don't I know one right
now that's 911 the only phone number
that I know and you guys you can't call
911 okay that doesn't work you can't
call from jail like you're never gonna
believe this but this calls coming from
inside this system stop laughing at me
forward me to my parents can't do that
and when I was thinking when I was
watching this episode is so sad is that
one phone call wouldn't help as many of
us are just giving us all one facebook
status update from jail like I think
right yeah some you're like nah that's a
bad idea cuz you would find out how
terrible your friends are immediately at
one time I know I would have put on
Facebook hurry up guys get me out here I
don't want to find out if lock up Ross
real and everyone just goes like like
like like I don't drop the soap Brian
that is hilarious lag lag like over
cellmate Bubba whispers like a gentleman
like like what the hell does that even
mean someone bake me a cake with a nail
file in it I need you out of here
I only know how to break out a cartoon
jail system hurry bring that chainsaw
cake
like here's there's a well-known fact
that a lot of you people from other
cultures don't know black people can I
hear your voices right okay let's teach
the audience a little something okay
do we like sweet potato pie do we like
pumpkin pie okay
Thanksgiving oh nine we're in a grocery
store and my wife's like okay I got the
stuffing I got the mashed potatoes oh my
god I forgot the pumpkin pie mix I was
like for Thanksgiving we have a pumpkin
pie oh no we're not
she's what are you talking about like a
baby black people don't eat pumpkin pie
like what I said we don't you poke it by
because you're making that up I said
[ __ ] don't eat every time she goes
SPS I go really
watch this there's a little old black
lady in Iowa that sounds like ma'am how
many pumpkin pies you get you're Charlie
no damn funky pop we don't eat pumpkin
pie lady oh okay
you could even send polka pies to Haiti
if you wanted to sure you're trapped
under all this devastation is anything I
can get you food all we have is pumpkin
pie pumpkin pie with this country
are you a terrorist I try to kill all of
these beautiful black people go away
right now I before I tell white clay
so look I'm gonna be honest I'm a
personal trainer right but I'm also a
chubby chaser like I like my woman big
and thick you know I don't like them
with no ankles I like the sneaker they
pick the fly right into this [ __ ]
slide right in man
I like meat on my woman bones you know
I'm saying I'm thrilled man I like I
don't like no woman that's healthy love
you all night thinking I'm putting in
work and you pop out the bed and go for
a jog you know I'm saying I need a big
[ __ ] just gonna eat the bed with me and
turn around eat a wing a pocket for
[ __ ] cuz what you made love to a
big woman oh you made love to the big
moment you turn around from back and
then back like an accordion when you hit
it from the back
good I'll say playing melodies back
there like like Ray Charles on her back
and I make the feel good man you look
good David like you don't think I'm big
I'm like knock are you looking Tricia's
you know they're saying the real
nutritious ranking a nutritious
what do you have a but when you have a
woman don't you can't be cheap you gotta
spend money you can't just have any
regular ass bed I got this futon from
Walmart right bro oh she put an e in the
middle of futon this is snap don't like
a mousetrap
no well you got a dick going oh you have
a real bad bit of wood sycamore tree
redwood redwood hard bass the hospital
lacquer on the bed yeah all you thinking
about that's not talking about
[Music]
and women rule the world fellas you know
that right women who the [ __ ] world
yeah you do cuz you guys got the power
know what the power is say it again say
it again
no [ __ ] now [ __ ] is the power dick
ain't worth [ __ ] I got a dick and I
never do nothing from me I never got in
a club for free cuz I got a dick ain't
no dick night at the club and if it is
you at the wrong [ __ ] plug nobody
ever bought me a free drink cuz I got a
dick [ __ ] Trump's dick everytime it's
like a game of poker the guys like all
right I got a dick and a pair of balls
we dead girls like um I got a [ __ ] I
win ha ha ha ha ha good game good game
good game good game
dick those say that chance man dick
means good presentation dick gotta have
a nice job
dick gotta have a nice car dick gotta
have money and jewelry [ __ ] as is as is
we man we don't care what you work I
don't care what kind of car you got can
you drive over here give me some [ __ ]
that's a nice car
I don't care I don't care what kind of
jeans you got on is it a [ __ ] in those
jeans those are my favorite you guys got
it good bed we cater to the [ __ ] in
this country we cater to the [ __ ] you
don't believe me go in any supermarket
in America any super walk in America the
whole aisle seven dedicated to the [ __ ]
the whole aisle
whatever you need people's sprays pills
creams chips dips whatever you Devia
busy Aisle seven dick don't got no aisle
dick got a shelf not even a long shelf
condoms KY jelly brillo pads oh [ __ ]
went too far
okay I'm just trying I'm just trying to
stay alive fighting my kids cuz I got
these two young kid anyone got kids
anyone got kids here yeah how old
oh right there oh you're growing up good
for you congratulations like like you're
not like run around in diapers anymore
which yeah what's that graduated two
majors good way to go whoo what are
those majors what you know your majors
philosophy and law and society that
sounds like three majors young lady
right there I think your mom's not
giving you full credit for all three of
those philosophy and law and society you
see if you say it slower you can get
away with saying it's three major I got
three majors philosophy law and society
what society I just study society it's
the philosophy of law within society
it's thought was really one niner really
wasn't even a major she got a minor - no
what the hell have you been out of the
house the past for you
you slave-driver you're getting two
majors and a minor and at least one
major this sounds like a second major
yeah you're gonna get three majors and a
minor and I don't care what they are
we're gonna go to comedy club and I'm
gonna let people know you're gonna be
embarrassed that's why I don't care I'm
proud of you I'm gonna say it every time
tell them what your minor is what your
minor Marxist studies like communism huh
a full-ride in Marxist study because
that [ __ ] doesn't exist anymore that's
why like yeah you want to study this
[ __ ] fine Cuba that's it you can go to
Cuba and China she go to China the one
dude he's like well we had an idea it
didn't work out uh so let's just hang
out for four years and stare at each
other for years yeah I hope you have
some other majors cuz they ain't nothing
I got this happen oh pretty
I got philosophy and law and society
what what university will you ask UC
Riverside way to go girl and what are
you gonna do with all these degrees go a
long way look mom you're so proud way to
go
fantastic huh you wanted medical you're
still upset mother
this girl studied something that doesn't
even exist anymore you still won't give
her credit
you
no matter what your race though the one
moment that everyone gets scared of
being called a racist except if you're
black is when you're on an elevator
alone and one black guy walks on if your
arm moves from here to like they are
just have to go [ __ ] pics on my racist
oh this is going to be bad
who thinks I was reaching for my wallet
this is so bad you look up like
hopefully he wasn't looking at me
hopefully he's thinking about his rap
music or whatever it is I think about
maybe I'm in the clear
and you look up just going hey an
empanada pie picture like all the way
around pretend like I'm picking out a
wedgie or something like racist no siree
I just don't know why but very well that
is all that's happening right here you
can't wait here's all on you from now on
whatever black guy walks in the elevator
I just want to pull my wallet out if you
start going this is like all the racist
I want to [ __ ] it and earn it you know
let's make this [ __ ] count
that's a lot a way better story first
friends later but like I saw the most
racist thing ever today on an elevator
I'm like Oh what so why got touches
wallet like no no way worse than that he
pulled his wallet out got into some sort
of rape crouch and started pushing the
buttons and screaming in Hebrew I got
the away better story right
it's actually the bad mood today anybody
ever get lost no no no but for like
hours you don't know where you walk in
IKEA anybody ever go in there you can't
get out it's like a mousetrap for humans
once you walk in you're so lost that's
why they serve food cuz they know you're
starving I'm like I can't get out I get
me meatballs I'm a dyke II to buy a
chair spent six hours trying to get out
like this you [ __ ]
[ __ ] I'll stab somebody I'm not
out of here in ten minutes
right then you give up you like you know
what [ __ ] you chair show me how to get
out of here and they had this real gay
employee working in and he was yelling
at me from across the room you know cuz
you got to follow the arrows and he's
yelling at me is like follow the arrows
you have to look down and follow the
arrows through there on the floor once
you look down and catch one it'll take
you to two then three then round and
around and then you're on the other side
so just look down
and you all know me right I'm looking at
him like no I ain't looking down dude
there's something wrong with you and I
don't know what it is I ain't looking
down
I live here in Los Angeles now it's very
different it's real weird right like
sexism is alive and well here I know
that because I deserted for an apartment
here for about six months and the only
thing coming up in my price range was
something called a bachelor apartment I
didn't know what a bachelor apartment
was it turns out a bachelor apartment is
an apartment with no kitchen but that's
sexist and insulting like I am a
bachelor where do you think I eat the
strip club three meals a day I took this
tour of this bachelor apartment and it
was super tiny it took like 30 seconds
the lady was basically like okay here's
the light switch there's the toilet the
showers are stand up because baths are
for women and [ __ ] I was like hold up
I got a few questions first and foremost
is this place haunted she said no she
said it wasn't haunted I was like okay
and I was like second question where's
the kitchen and she goes oh no no this
is our bachelor apartment it doesn't
have a kitchen and it's only available
as a one-year lease and I was like a
one-year lease will as a bachelor that's
a pretty serious commitment to make bad
I haven't even slept here yet what are
we doing so far this place looks [ __ ]
crazy with no kitchen could you do that
could you live your life for a year with
no kitchen no right look what if I
decide to abandon my bachelor like ways
okay I meet the woman of my dreams and I
want to cook for her to show her that
I'm an adult who's capable of doing that
right like how am I supposed to dazzle
this damsel with my culinary wizardry if
I don't have a functioning kitchen what
am I gonna whip up a batch of boots soup
in the alley on a hot plate like a flash
challenge on Top Chef just like oh no
babe
you hang out over there I'm gonna go
ahead and unlock this pot from the bike
rack you just go ahead and listen to
some Shaddai on Pandora prepare yourself
for an enchanting evening of romance
this should get you moist I'm just
grabbing bird bones and garbage off the
street throwing it into a pot like a
white-trash sorcerer like yeah you let
me know when you're ready to [ __ ]
I saw a couple of teenage girls checking
me out earlier today I was on the street
yeah they were checking me out I thought
they were checking me out but when I
walked past them I overheard the one
just telling her friend
there goes your boyfriend Sheila gave me
one of those no fun being on the
receiving end of that joke it's only fun
to do it to other people like if you see
a homeless guy walking down the street
with his dick hanging out you're like
hey bro your dad's here and never
thought how that would make a homeless
guy feel that I was in San Francisco a
few months ago the nation's largest
outdoor homeless shelter San Francisco
you ever been there
[ __ ] lousy with homeless guys they
have their own newspaper there you ever
seen that they do it in a lot of cities
San Francisco Seattle Portland you got a
homeless guy newspaper it's called like
some street sheets yeah do you ever read
one me neither
I want to [ __ ] read one because it's
got to be crazy I should have bought one
like what are the homeless guys writing
about extra extra read all about it
Kleenex boxes make excellent shoes in a
pinch
turn to page 12 for our 53 day weather
forecast
the weather every day will be
inescapable
whenever you with a woman more than five
years she knows who the [ __ ] you are
inside now she knows how you lie like
we'll never know how women lock cuz they
changed it up they can make up a story
out of nothing they can literally leave
another dude after [ __ ] him and make
you believe she didn't [ __ ] nobody like
you like were you coming from with the
kind of hanging out her ass whatta [ __ ]
you coming from oh this my bad anyway it
was some construction going on down the
street man you know how to win people
over the girl Hollywood so the [ __ ] I
got a dress on so we're blue a village I
don't know how it happened but it just
happened like that you got anything else
you wanna accident me and have sands
like whenever I'll I always start
blinking and scratch the back of my
[ __ ] neck and I didn't know that
until she told me that she was like so
were you coming from me I was on I was
at the UH like a rousing [ __ ] like that
now you and why you talk about how what
I had to rush cuz you blink and you
corrects your [ __ ] neck up from
[ __ ] blink Express my neck when I'm
lying yes you do
where were you coming from like I
[ __ ] said
I was at the I was a divine you said
routes
okay look but John's our cross restore
alright what else did enough women no
signs do women got that [ __ ] together
here's the funny thing women she better
than men because they know everything
about us
don't let this Facebook [ __ ] [ __ ] you up
fellas trust me women know the truth
before they actually the question
they're just waiting on you to give them
to answer something a bus Joe ass with
the truth like this Facebook [ __ ] is
[ __ ] everybody up like like a woman
to ask you straight out like hey Clayton
um so who's Lisa from Facebook and you
see how just posing a little look right
there that's how you know a woman is
gonna be on some [ __ ] when she get
your eyes like that tip like hey so um
who the [ __ ] is Lisa for Facebook um I
mean be on Facebook like that ah you
know who the [ __ ] Lisa is okay then
think you know who Lisa woods yeah you
need to get up on my face about it or
you ask me questions and [ __ ] like this
and you start getting cocky like I'm
sorry my bad excuse me and you start
walking away and she be like oh wait a
minute that's right my kitchen come on
for a second she didn't brought the
[ __ ] to the house in front of you
trying to shock you after that she knew
what it is women have this [ __ ] together
do so and none of this [ __ ] together man
we try so [ __ ] hard to get a whole
story going and our boys don't help us
with [ __ ] cuz our boys will give the
most [ __ ] story lack they get us
worse in trouble
alright alright alright alright when you
get home she gonna be like what the [ __ ]
was you and be like first of all be like
[ __ ] get out of my face well I call my
girl no [ __ ] oh yeah yeah okay event
I forgot I forgot about there
if it was me what I would say here's the
first thing don't listen to your single
friends men or women nobody who's single
can help you with [ __ ] like a lot of
women listening today single home girls
don't listen to them
little bit like yeah girl if it was me
well [ __ ] it was and we see exactly
what the [ __ ] happened done where you
singled in the [ __ ] and me and
Willis and our boys like you what you
need to do I listen to you you 42 in a
club I listen to the [ __ ] you gotta
listen to other people in relationship
when you talk to another dude that's in
a relationship he will give you the best
advice like you'd be like him man you
know I was I was out of the club and I
met this girl I don't need to know the
details listen that's what you need to
do when you walk in say baby never tell
you how [ __ ] much I love you and she
gonna be shocked but it and right then
you grab her ass you kissed her
passionately you say yo I'm about to
take a showers when I get out the shower
I could put this dick down your [ __ ]
throat she smiles you have a happy home
I'm like I don't get it so you're not
giving her a chance to think you
catching her off guard with some other
[ __ ] that way she falls more in love
with you and don't even think to ask you
who the [ __ ] you been it cuz you're so
excited to see her that makes sense try
but then you hearing it you think you
can do this [ __ ] step by step like ooh I
got that [ __ ] you said go home be like a
what up I love you pull this dick out
going to shower [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of you
it's not how it works you always [ __ ] up
because you don't remember the step step
by step you get home and say what if I
was you at a [ __ ] listen wait a second
let's know how to [ __ ] supposed to go
at this dick player wait god damn okay
i'ma get in the shower for a second
we'll finish this when I get out I love
you I love you
whoo I don't think I did it right I
don't think I did this [ __ ] right at all
I don't know she got the police outside
I don't know the puppeteer
a little over 30 I'm 41 so [ __ ] I'm
sleepy
beautiful 41 it's not that fun
stay young won't go beyond people that
stayed [ __ ] young cuz the only thing
that changes when you get older is the
way you look at when you think about how
old you are where you look changes cuz
life changes were you young you ain't
been through [ __ ] you're fresh 20 21 19
you looking up your hands in the cloud
to your three buffets I'm 19 can't tell
me [ __ ] I'm tough and I don't know [ __ ]
I ain't been through nothing yet I'm
fresh the older you get the more weary
you get 26 27 28 by the time you get to
30 looking straight ahead you focused
then the cloud [ __ ] is over witness like
that got real real cheese you got a
degree to take you to your job you gotta
caught it don't run two days
back-to-back you're wide open
you ain't missing [ __ ] and then 30s go
pass don't live a regret cuz it only get
worse you be 31 37 38 40 goddamn it by
the time you get to 40 you're just
looking at your feet like what the [ __ ]
if I could with my life [ __ ] I'm 41 so
now I realize after you look at your
feet so long as you start turning around
41 44 45 46 by the time you get to 50
looking straight back you're free like
what you lookin at regret
[Applause]
by the time you get to 60 I bet you look
no more like oh my god I'm 60 Jesus why
am I still here I work the medicine
counter at JC Penney's an alien sale
medicine what the [ __ ] my door why
you got your eyes closed so I don't see
the regret if you never get old you want
to get 80 how many people got some great
past 80 years old and take some food or
crackers dance tenth and last stage the
ones that don't move around them are the
little old people that get around they
still got hope but the ones that sit at
the house all day you got to do anything
for them you had a grandparent just go
catatonic on yo ass
hey so man they still here they don't
say [ __ ] for average' sitting there
pissin
grandma what's wrong with Grandma I
think she's mad and who loves but sir if
I get to 90 oh and getting old is a
blessing don't get me wrong I'm just
saying don't live a regret as you can
alter be more thankful coz if I get the
[ __ ] 90 I'm gonna be so [ __ ] mad
I'm still here now just don't know where
you where you get to 90 no [ __ ] that
regret it's a [ __ ] if you let
regret build up 90 [ __ ] years I
don't think so man I'm still here I'm
will be [ __ ] every time you look at
me understand Specter cuz you know were
you all like that people gotta clean it
up off you clean it up get this [ __ ] off
for me right now Mikey look bastards
and I'm see there boo I'm [ __ ] meant to
have some [ __ ] when we leave the house
I'm [ __ ] in the car
[ __ ] made the dentist's office please
like damn highs granddaddy's finish it
wing Fatima three days it's regret
trust me stay young forever you hit me a
little too young bloop you look
beautiful as people teef is all straight
and [ __ ] look getting old is really just
paying attention to your life watching
what you're doing watching yourself and
making sure you stay ahead of your
health and make sure you make sure
health as well but you pay attention to
your body a little bit more than over
here like I'm noticing things about me
that I'm doing now that I didn't do when
I was 21 I'm a little over thirty or
forty one but what I'm saying the most
important thing is pay attention to
yourself now I realize that some of
y'all may go through this too I can't do
something [ __ ] like before I lay down
before I get into bed and go to sleep
before I get to bed I got to get ready
for bed anybody will think about their
nightly process you can't leave right
now you gotta get ready for bed
ready for bed is unlikely process you
you take your makeup off ladies right
here they take earrings off and put them
in the jury boxing in something I'll
take your hair off and put the hair take
the lipstick off that's getting ready
for bed put your whitening strips on
let's get ready for bed right
somebody got a breathing problem you got
your CPAP machine [ __ ] that's giving
you oh you got to get ready for bed you
can't get right to bed
Bob lemon being yawns oh that's why I
said look live your life everybody in
here shoes shoes glasses and you sleep
you sleep the best sleep the other hats
about two o'clock afternoon right and if
you wake up and your outfit work too
[ __ ] up [ __ ] let's go
[Applause]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
like I seriously couldn't afford to live
in New York anymore that's what happened
I was looking at studio apartments I
don't know if everybody here knows what
a studio apartment is basically it's
where you live in one room and you
pretend like that's [ __ ] okay just
live in a room my friend came over was
like dude you should put up a big mirror
on the wall and make it look way bigger
so I tried that I put up a giant mirror
on the wall and then it looked like
there were two guys living at shitty
apartments right next to each other two
failures in matching outfits
it's like oh my god that guy's trying to
hang himself - mmm we would get all the
the loss first in New York and then they
would pass them out to the rest of the
country like the cell phone driving law
we got that first if anybody is
unfamiliar with that law basically it
states that if you're talking on your
cell phone and you're driving and you
see a policeman you have to put your
phone down for a second
that is the law
and you're not a lot of picking up you
know he's gone I'm gonna be honest with
you I'm not even sure I was smart enough
to live in New York the other day I try
to do the New York Times crossword
puzzle holy [ __ ] sometimes I didn't have
to read the entire clue to figure out
I'm not going to [ __ ] get it didn't
even need the whole clue you know it's
like what Portuguese I don't know I
don't know one Portuguese thing I'm
going to be honest with you I wouldn't
be able to get this one if you let me
write the rest of the question
I didn't like having an immigrant
parents with anyone else to have
immigrant parents growing up no all
beautiful white people in here what's
going on these fifty shades of white
wasn't polite dude right you are you
Indian yeah you did you just that's why
you politely I'm engineering schools
that are low this I'm just trying to get
my mechanics degree we're asleep we're
parents like really strict on education
when you were a kid like straight and
like compared to you like everybody else
right roll means going to Harvard you're
like I'm ten I don't know mean is eight
okay I yeah my dad my dad would have a
saying every time I got a report card my
dad would always say B is for bad yeah
we say B is for bad and C is for you
cannot believe it anymore okay look at
that D deported we're going back F find
a new family you're not myself
I don't know you know my son I didn't
like it I didn't like have an immigrant
parent they wouldn't even let me do cool
stuff like when I was 13 I wanted to get
a skateboard for my 13th birthday and I
asked my dad for escape where I'll never
forget what he said I was like hey Dad
can I get a skateboard for my 13th
birthday my dad looked at me and he goes
you want a skateboard you want to escape
you want a skateboard okay how about
this okay
how about you get straight A's for the
rest of your life okay and then you
don't get a skateboard okay
it's a good deed it's you don't have a
choice the good deed yeah he didn't get
me a skateboard but for some cruel
reason he got me rollerblades yeah it
was like my dad was trying to be like
okay we're too scared for you under skip
okay how about this okay how about
everybody thinks you're gay okay happy
birthday you're gay now I'm not saying
that if you rollerbladed you were gay
because I roll the blade but that is
what the skateboarders would call me and
they had skateboards so they could hit
me with a skateboard yeah my only boob
was stopping no way my dad wouldn't even
let me I don't know if this will just
happened with YouTube
did your dad let you have cash on you
when you were again yes you you're
allowed to have like rupees or dog
[ __ ] like what here's some gandhi
money you were born here I was born to
my parents never let me have cat you had
a privilege as immigrant family he was
that straight A's man [ __ ] I don't know
but my dad wouldn't let me have cash on
me like one time I would get like
birthday money and my dad wouldn't even
take my birthday money for me and one
year I asked for the money back I was
like hey Dad can I get that money back I
want to save up for a Playstation my dad
looked at me and he was PlayStation
you want a place okay how about this
okay
how about you go to your room and that's
your Playstation
[Music]
quit drinking recently I've never felt
worse can't wait to get back
alcohol man you ever notice the more
expensive alcohol the cooler the buzz
I'd like Hennessy I thought I was an 82
year old black jazz musician I swear to
God I was giving advice for no reason
you got to work hard
Junior no shortcuts in life play ball
don't trust whitey he ain't never
talking to you and then you drink chief
[ __ ] like Wild Turkey like I'm gonna
shoot a [ __ ] relative you know cause
I got a family function this is my
picnic what the hell is in cheap liquor
man just some straight-up redneck blood
like just takes you back generations I
don't know and will Jack Daniels you'll
fight a friend you ever drink jack with
a friend I always have an emotional
outburst ah Mike I've known you 20 years
bro I'd kill for you brother
you don't have to I [ __ ] want to
let's do this now your father was a good
man like he's not even dead he doesn't
care he will be it's over
oh you're all set sir they talk about
[ __ ] that didn't even happen
good night great football we're in the
trenches together oh my god I'd even
make the team
he gets up he gets upset [ __ ] that coach
you were gifted true talent we needed
you
Jevon noise come out of your body you
never heard before it's always somewhere
quiet like a banging like you're online
and you know what your stomach sounds
like and you know what your ass not like
sometimes this area [ __ ] was that did
you hear that
maybe that chicken sandwich wasn't dead
I heard some come at me over here
legally I'm gonna [ __ ] an owl do you
feel it movin he's trying to get out I
always wanted to fill my [ __ ] with
confetti so this way when I farted out
what who was that magical man ladies
everybody [ __ ] that this country is
divided now with Mattie no Mattie rates
aids gender political affiliation
religion handicap sexual orientation we
all fart
everybody in this room farts somebody is
farting it here right now besides me I
mean somebody else I do bet you
somewhere in this room there's a woman
in here who's had the farm for at least
15 minutes she knows if she lets it out
she's with the bills of the drinks I
admire that woman's got a fart coltd
inside she's with people it's [ __ ]
amazing I can't imagine living that kind
of lifestyle I've been let them go as
they call my whole life far shows up
Fargo's alley okay
can you imagine living that way guys
guys imagine all the farts you've ever
had said you were 15 and holding them in
your whole [ __ ] life that's my woman
are crazy you know hold the parts for 30
years think eats away the brains they
wait till they get home they stand out
in the yard and for gambling and all the
grass around them does those crop
circles aren't aliens to the farmer's
wife
I fart a lot after sex I think it's
because my muscles won't do any more
work the ass shoes won't flinch and stop
the music seems kind of full out of it
too late already [ __ ] me so your fault
have some standards next time I've been
here for four days and I have farted on
that elevator at least 37 times last
time they all knew me they all knew at
the same time it was like that fat guy
just farted everybody thinks the fat guy
is the guy who farted so if you gotta
fight just fart near a fat guy like what
the [ __ ] nemetes chicken nuggets that
[ __ ] fair so packed elevator I bend
over to tie my shoe it's like a gunshot
hi hey don't I get depressed 34 please
nothing to [ __ ] say there's nothing
to say at the park deeper feel excuse me
fart no excuse me doesn't [ __ ] cover
it yeah excuse you
like there should be something to say by
now like may God have mercy on us all
thank you
could you cover your ass please I don't
want my kids to get sick there's a lot
of fart jokes
[Music]
at this time of the night I would like
to play a concerto from the hood yeah
this is for my dogs check me out
not everything in my life is glittering
gold
look what's on my table with readings
old French suffering yeah this song is
like a trigger you get your figure this
is well my african-american friends are
these guys I saw with cheese I said no
thank you Monsieur it rhymes in French
yeah oh my god something crazy happened
to me a not long time ago and I think a
lot of you can relate have you ever been
drinking driving you start racing with
another car and as you're winning the
race you realize that the other car is a
cup because I've done that and the cup
was madee was like do you know why I
pulled you over and I was like yes
because I won he was getting really mad
he was like you were driving recklessly
and I was like I was doing pretty good
for somebody completely hammered
I knew I was gonna go to jail so why not
have a little fun he started looking for
drugs inside my car I was like sir
there's no drugs in my car everything is
in my rectum
you're clearly searching the wrong
cushions I got arrested now I don't know
if you know the DUI test
I know although you do I have this
passion in life to get really hammered
at home and practice those tests so I
was ready first you want you got to walk
on the line
so I was like 20 steps 1 2 3 20 and then
to coupling backwards I was like
backwards that's not how I practiced at
home backwards
1 2 and then and then you gotta follow
the light you guys know that too and the
cup was like this and I was like then he
wasn't like this and I was like and
anyone like that and I was like have you
been drinking
confusing all those laws in America
because in America you can have a gun at
16 but yet you cannot drink until you're
21 which doesn't make sense because if
she just shoots someone don't you want
to celebrate with a nice Merlot
[Music]
I am so so single how many were single
but single people yeah it is hard I
broke up my boyfriend the love of my
life ten years ago he was black ooh I'm
Jewish I told my mother ah it's not
enough that he's not Jewish he has to be
black too and gay I said my even married
five times shut the [ __ ] up it's hard to
date you gotta be careful especially the
girls when you're dating you're going to
the club's you got to be very careful
you know cuz that date rape drug
I just cut to the chase I take it before
I leave the house and I'm dating some
younger guys now little Hispanic boys I
did a little guy named Pedro he didn't
call me daddy call me papi I had one of
those chains when to the belt lube to
the wallet into the couch cuz I won't
let him leave the house what do you say
to someone that's 21 what's your locker
combination it's hard he was pierced
everywhere I mean everywhere oh I
chipped a tooth you want me to get my
nipples pierced I said oh I'm tired I'm
old I'll get a clip-on I want to get
married should I be allowed to get
married yes or no
ah Paris Hilton um yes there she is with
her prison [ __ ] Paula um oh god I want
to get married I want a husband I don't
want a boyfriend I don't want a life
partner right I want a sex buddy ha ha
then again because if you get married
you get everything you get tax breaks
you get insurance breaks you get this
really cool veil you walk down the aisle
you get family and friends there are 90
new kitchen stuff come on straight
people and if you let us marry each
other we'll stop marrying you
[Applause]
got to get the money so I continue to
avoid my family they think I'm rich
because I'm on TV they all irregular man
started my grandmama had 13 kids start
having them way younger she was opposed
to my mom an older sort of 13 got eight
kids of her own she started having them
way younger than she was supposed to I'm
the middle of her eight long story short
I'm raising my uncle he 9 I'm a grown
man he in the third grade I'm his nephew
picked this little punk up in school he
jump in my car and pull family rape man
I laugh I know where your house is you
live with me Punk we get home you're
gonna go to bed no you gonna go to bed
no you gonna go to bed no you gonna go
to bed you know my mama y'all know my
mama I know yo mama's my mama's mama
show hand out of my face uncle James my
whole family is irregular my cousin lost
315 pounds what they don't tell you is
when you lose that much weight you gonna
have all that extra skin the left this
Duke came to my house to go swimming he
took off his shirt I'm like man what is
you doing wearing that leather Kate tuck
your saggy back in nope nobody want to
see that he jumped in the water his skin
expand and he glide around the pool like
a singer
like this dude is beautiful
I just found out or just realize that I
love Popeyes Chicken
not because I'm black P because of the
new spokesperson that chick make you
just want to eat chicken all day you're
not talking about why would you sell
chicken and [ __ ] you always got to
change a voice in the commercial [ __ ]
is always like good you a love match
engine what 11 herbs the spice of low
price of 409 you will love my ginger ale
and I know she didn't audition that
voice she probably like went to a nice
acting school and [ __ ] she tried to read
her way it was like read this pop-ups
commercials like girl you're gonna love
my chicken what 11 herbs and spices of a
low price of $4.99 you're really gonna
love my chicken girl there's like [ __ ]
wing or say little chicken with that
voice you got one more chance what a
love ways all the numbers got it
what a little marijuana angle over you
I'm gonna [ __ ] who you are or who you
represent whether you're a Democrat or
Republican there has to be a party that
says we might have [ __ ] up on this one
I'm just saying you guys I'm gonna tell
you right now I definitely will like
support this man's position but I don't
like this [ __ ] personally do you
guys understand like I started with the
border like it I knew there was some
[ __ ] going on with the border and the
Mexican people how you talk so bad about
the Mexican people early on I need this
whole fence situation eighteen million
dollars into the fence along the Arizona
California border to keep it Mexican
people out eighteen billion dollars
can't we just buy Mexico for eighteen
how much [ __ ] they got over here
make it a state George Lopez could be
the governor huh
they already got a state flower cilantro
Mexican people are the most resourceful
people on a plant they do the most with
the least they don't give a [ __ ] about
no 18 billion dollar wall 18 million
dollars I'm not messing people don't pay
for car insurance you're gonna give a
[ __ ] about an 18 billion dollar I had a
Mexican dude running to me on the 5 the
other day
turn it back at my car jumped out of his
car open up his trunk bought a paint
booth a bumper cover two other messages
and fixed my [ __ ] on the spot it's okay
it's fine it's okay it's nice nice
it's like no highs like no dinner my
father asked me to give him a break
[Applause]
[Music]
you
other Jews are you from the south is
there any southern Jews out here NES J's
no I was just in Texas like and I met
some fellow Jews at doing shows and I
didn't realize that Jews existed in the
south did you know that was a thing I
didn't know we went out there that's I
did I did a very ignorant equation I
took some really southern stuff and I
put it on some really Jewish stuff and
when I added that together I got I got a
cowboy hat and a gun and I put that on
Bernie Sanders and I looked at that and
I was like no [ __ ] way there's no way
we exist out here but we totally do this
lady came up to me after a show right
she's like a brother you were talking
about being Jewish me and my cousin clay
over there were Jewish I was like you
guys are Jewish and she just goes hell
yeah we're Jewish which is the most unjú
ish way could ever sit here Jewish right
it's usually like I don't eat pork I'm
Jewish
for my uncle Dan he's like my hands get
really sweaty when I'm nervous Jewish
this lady was just like hey yeah Jewish
were kosher as [ __ ]
I was freaked out I got drunk with these
s J's mean the son of Jews is [ __ ]
it's poor ugh smoking to join with these
guys and like in the middle job of like
hey you guys were just [ __ ] with me
about being Jewish right I get it it's a
funny joke like that's that's totally
fine yet you got me and then she did the
coolest [ __ ] ever she doubled down she
started reciting Hebrew in a southern
accent but you you guys haven't heard
that before like you gotta try it it's
the greatest thing ever
she goes you don't think we're Jewish
iclay he still don't think we're doin
check this [ __ ] out
but rook got towed and naw oh hey Neela
belacan there a sheikh Ichiban who i was
like is this racist it sounds racist
[Music]
you
well just had a birthday I have one
brother I'd up no sisters I have one
brother I just had a birthday guess of
my one brother on the planet got me for
my birthday a jacket for my dog what a
dick
[ __ ] him I'm wearing that jacket that's
my jacket it's gonna find a way to get
it on
I've got like a little tiny Bijan
dollars like a little dog I just wanna
bring that little jacket at a Nordstrom
and be like really
I watched it once try and return it you
look foreigner but you can't return it
there you know you're gonna turn
anything Walmart never go to Walmart and
such a big corporations that to take it
on the chin every time just walk in like
I'm returning this they're like what's
wrong with it you go I don't want the
[ __ ] anymore
they're like okay it's like a barter
system like I found this at my parents
house can I get five bucks like we'll
put another duck dynasty [ __ ] you're
good to go
my dog I don't take my doggie groom
don't have you know what a Bichon Frise
three Sonata said he looks like a poodle
except gayer uh I did take my dog to to
get groomed right so I take my I come
from an animal family like my family
rescues animals my mom tells me
everything about dogs I take him to get
groomed for the first time they cut his
hair I pick him up three hours later my
dog hates me man's best friend hates my
guts
okay I call my mom like mom what's up
sugars acting weird do they give him
like medication do they give him a shot
before they groom him and my mom goes oh
did they express his anal glands and I
was like did they [ __ ] do what what
did you just say like what are you
talking about she goes sometimes little
dogs they express their anal glands
before they cut their hair and I'm like
what the [ __ ] is that and why didn't you
tell me this before and she goes I don't
have him do it to my dog's I'm like
great apparently before they cut little
dog's hairs they drain the anal fluid
out of their butts I figured out why my
dog hates me I dropped her off to get
butt-fucked for three hours
I'm pretty sure any one of my friends
would hate me if I did that to them
right but drop my buddy Ian off like
dude Spa Day on me I'll pick you up in
three hours mani-pedi hair whatever you
want dude they got it
three hours later I'm like you good he's
like get away from me bro what's wrong
you know they raped me in there but your
hair looks nice don't be glass
half-empty
so coming to the stage give it up for
Dan hooch Danna dude Thank You Metta
World Peace give it up for Metta World
Peace yes louder louder or he will come
yes or he will come into the crowd and
beat the [ __ ] out of you
no he could do it I love this country
man you can mess up real big and then
just change your name to something
really awesome like world peace and
everyone forgives you it's amazing
could you imagine if after World War 2
Hitler was like okay everybody from now
on my name is Joseph Sidhu lava dreidel
dreidel
please don't hurt me
anybody distracted by my arms right now
oh wow that was [ __ ] cocked and ready
to go I would have appreciated a little
hesitation well yes not yes you didn't
sound that masculine I'll give you that
you sound like a bully I've been picked
on before look at it I get it
who likes it who thinks it's sexy or
whatever just one cool awesome
I kind of like it I'm into it actually
is sometimes I scare myself
I'll just are going oh rodent and then I
go oh no that's my body comes with me I
like it because I think it makes me look
masculine and I think we can all agree I
need all the help I can get by the way
look at where my wrist comes down huh is
that insane look at this it's not a joke
wrist it's not a cat I didn't go to a
gag shop like give me something that
looks like I hate women
okay sometimes at night I sleep fully
curled up like that you see
oh it's so adorable
I look like a small duck baby and I like
the hair actually I like it cuz like I'm
not and I'm not like a hypocrite about
it you know what I mean like I don't
expect a woman to be Bechet vyd you know
what I mean like I live in Hollywood
we're like that everybody likes the
women's skinny with no pubic hair that's
a child you creep
if you want I'm short and playful to you
I want a woman I don't want a skinny
little woman I wanna boom I wanna I want
a woman not wearing a Jeep Oh women by
the way surprise everybody sorry why is
he talking about women it makes no sense
people's minds are being blown tonight
no I don't want a skinny woman I wanna I
want a woman not wearing a g-string I
want to wearing an hijk LMNOP string
that you you just did that what you look
as bad as I do
let's go get some [ __ ] bro
oh where was I Oh - right I don't I want
a woman yeah hij good that's where a
well that's okay
I want a woman who when she walks into
cheers everybody yells norm that's what
I want - cheers Cheers Joe cheers bass
Joe I want a woman who's sacred in India
who's with me what a crowd that's
slightly more familiar with Hindu
cosmology and I also I don't expect in
this to be [ __ ] I don't and I don't mean
like I want a little Hitler mustache I
mean I mean I want the full the full the
full Shabazz you know to me I want a
black power afro pick actually sticking
out of it and then when I see somebody
that has what I want I go look
me too that's how I met my wife no I'm
not married I would never do that that's
disgusting
I was working a club recently in Lake
Tahoe a headlining one over and uh they
did a little write-up in the newspaper
promoting my appearance I got to show
you this it's uh here's the headline
it's a slam dunk Ulm in this weekend at
the improv world play and here's my
picture and underneath my picture I
swear it reads Brian Dunkleman blue eyes
nice hair humorous boy there's a ringing
endorsement isn't it hey what do you
know about Brian dunkleman's comedy two
words
nice hair guilty as charged
thank you Garnier Fructis had kind of a
lousy decade and I just quit smoking
cigarettes let's not be ridiculous all
right hey this glaucoma I ain't gonna
treat itself just trying to get healthy
not cognizant
talking about marijuana I had to quit
cigarettes though my lung capacity is
awful I get winded running a bath for
good and I'll just stay dirty thought
about quitting drinking but I'm just too
good at it thinking about turning pro my
favorite drink vodka and Gatorade that
way I can dehydrate and rehydrate
simultaneously I'm a genius I'm like an
idiot Saban - the Saban
that's great it's good to be here I can
set up from Detroit so it's just good to
not be there huge culture shock moving
from Detroit that Cali live out here
does a lot of stuff I didn't know about
before like avocados have a kind of
first time I saw avocado freak I freaked
out wearing a leather jacket okay yeah
offered me cocaine that he found on the
ground in front of me I wants to find it
okay you picked it up it is cocaine it
doesn't spend money like doing a lot of
coke going shopping
[Music]
like look trade listen I heard you
living in LA now be careful watch it
back because there's a lot of gay people
out there
in the crafty stay vigilant darling it's
just a town full of thugs you can't
think you can get tricked okay six big
Bugs Bunny into sucking a dick like you
gay I'm straight yeah yeah I'm straight
you're straight I'm gay [ __ ] all right I
guess you guys want this round you
caught me
[Music]
I I live here in LA I live by crazy
girls strip club so everybody know that
strip club crazy girls around the corner
from here just me I'm the only one who
knows but I've never been inside of
crazy girls but I would [ __ ] love it
if when you went inside they were like
welcome to crazy girls hoping the
craziest girls in the world coming up
next on the stage we got amber and a
girl walks up and she's like if you
leave me I'll kill myself wow that was
really crazy arrival coming up next on
the stage we got diamonds girl comes up
she's like I think Obama's a Muslim I
love it when guys trying like you know
pardon go into strip clubs I call it a
gentlemen's club I love that it's a
gentlemen's club not a lot of gentlemen
in a gentlemen's club right it's mostly
dudes in sweatpants
try not to pawed their dicks bunch of
the carpals you know I mean like guys
are really a gentlemen's club other guys
in there with top hats and canes or
which way to the [ __ ] good evening at
the gentlemen's globe if it was a real
Germans Club one of them would like jump
up on stage put his coat over the girl
be like we'll get you out of here
throws this coat over a puddle of sperm
my ladies
this is so different like when you're
with your boys you're in Vegas like you
stuff your wife should never here like
every time you're in Vegas and you're
just walking behind like a group of
girls and I'm saying like one of the
girls is like a nice booty there's
always one guy in the group you don't
know what I do with that ass really what
would you do bro you don't even know
what I would do that what would you do
what would you do that's so different
from every other guy I'll tap that ass
but all the tap I missed original here
what else I'll tap it and slap it you
could tap it and slap it at the same
time
mr. multitasker here everybody every guy
thinks he'll just rip it up you know the
only way that phrase will be true if
your boys I bet you don't know what to
hit that ass and you're like what would
you do what would you do and he's like I
would create a yoga pants line that we
utilize that women's booty you and put
the names of charities every time people
look at her s we're raising awareness
for different causes you'd be like damn
I didn't know you knew of Anna's mother
like a genius right here
I was watching TV and I saw a preview
for a year from from Pittsburgh so you
might know what I'm talking about
I saw preview first so somebody may
heard of it somebody may not have the
show was called Amish mafia have you
guys heard of this show
yeah first of all I didn't know the
quilting business was so cutthroat that
it required the protection of a mafia
and so I posted that joke on Facebook
and a buddy of mine called me today is I
came and take that joke down you could
get in trouble I was like really okay so
I just wanted to clear it up in front of
all of you guys what I'd like to say to
them is [ __ ] the Amish mafia and really
I could get in trouble they live in
Pennsylvania I live in California do you
understand how long it would take them
to get here by a horse-drawn carriage
and that's assuming they survived the
winter in Nebraska and what is that
conversation like like hey Jedediah
Ezequiel the guy Raj Sharma's talk a lot
of [ __ ] about us yeah that's right let's
go get him
in seven years that guy is [ __ ] my
parents are from my parents are from
India I grew up here anybody have
immigrant parents anybody have parents
where were they from are they from
what's grandmother that sounded really
weird were they from my grandmother she
she just makes immigrants it's very
strange but if you have immigrant
parents and you grow up here at you
might understand this at some point when
you grow up here at some point you end
up teaching your parents things as
opposed to them teaching you things I'll
give you an example my mother didn't
know how to flip anybody off right so I
swear to God till the day she died she
had no idea how to give anybody the
middle finger we were stuck in traffic
one time a lady cut her off right hit
the brakes and looked at my mom and went
like this to which my mother responded
with E and I was like what the [ __ ] was
that she was hit she gave me one thing
that I gave her all five hey guys that's
my time thank you very much you guys
been a lot of fun enjoy the rest of your
night
[Applause]
I just feel like people don't have a
good sense of humor when they think
they're in a position of authority this
girl wouldn't let me into the haunted
house I wanted to pay by credit card and
she said she need to see some ID I mean
you see some ID and I said okay and then
I couldn't find my ID and it was
Halloween and they were closing I was
like look I don't have my ID but do we
just trust me I'm with my friends I just
I want to pay by credit card she goes
sorry no credit card no ID we shouldn't
make any sense at all I mean I was the
opposite of what was happening in fact
the exact opposite so you know then I
said okay well just could you make an
exception like just this you're the only
person here you know that you've you
ever felt what she wasn't the only
person there that would be a weird
haunted house Winnett she's like here's
your change hold on stay there
turns out in Terrell bang she's the only
one that really had to like enforce that
rule you know since I can please make
some she goes sorry it's just really
mean so I just flicked it and I go
alright so let me just get this straight
my head before I leave you won't let me
pay for my friends and I had to go into
your establishment because I'm trying to
pay with a credit card and I don't have
ID and you're concerned that I stole a
credit card and headed straight to the
haunted house and he's finally found a
credit card and I was like yeah what do
we do my electronic tail no let's get
scared with our friends for 25 minutes
freely I mean my wife like where'd you
guys meet do you remember
through your sister alright cool so it
was like like a party like at a bar see
me and my wife we met in a gang fight in
1997 and the south side of Chicago for
real this is true story the [ __ ] a fight
you know you guys ever heard of these
parties called day times in the 90s
anybody who southsider you've never
heard of those and they used to be these
parties called day times in the 90s
right they were called date times
because they were during school hours
like it 11:00 in the morning on a
Tuesday right like if you know a DJ
they'll give you this little piece of
paper with a dress and then you go into
a basement there's like a thousand
[ __ ] people there right so I met my
wife I wanted them parties after a fight
broke out right a big-ass fight broke
out at the party I cut school to go to
this party right I was a good student
but my friend was the v-j peer pressured
me I was all scared like my mom's gonna
[ __ ] me up right so I go to the party a
fight breaks out everybody's running
through the alleys and [ __ ] I'm running
through an alley and I spotted three
hoochies running behind me right I
didn't see him I hurt their hoop
earrings Clank and when they were
talking oh right
this is 97 whoo see right so I turn
around like oh [ __ ] who Cheesewright the
girl in the middle was running so
[ __ ] fast her eyebrow flew off I was
like woah that's what I offered him a
ride home really you girls want to ride
home
I want you taking a bus one eyebrow is
[ __ ] right
be scaring people on the buses you said
like half [ __ ] he give us a ride right
so I planned it out like a dude I
planned it out I looked at them I'm like
you know what the one with the one
eyebrow is getting dropped off first I'm
like the one with the bad attitude
dropped off second I'm liking the queue
and the quiet when I'm gonna take her
home last try to get them digits right
and that she works she gave me her phone
number we ended up talking for a few
months right then we had a baby a year
later than his [ __ ] then I thought about
it like you know what I [ __ ] my life
up I should've went to school that day
that's what really I was like I should
have [ __ ] with the school that day I
had plans to go to colleges [ __ ] so yeah
I don't think I would DJ's man I'll [ __ ]
your life up man
any DJ's here [ __ ] you guys man
[Music]
you
[Music]
I'm a retired United States Army Staff
Sergeant I retired cuz in 2003 when I
deployed to Iraq
my first mission outside the wire I was
in a gunfight
I took a 7-6 two rounds from an ak-47 to
the back of the skull - God's truth
that's why I retired it screwed up my
short-term memory I can't remember a lot
of things which is why you might see me
looking at my hand occasionally and
people are like that's terrible that you
have a good memory and it's not because
I live with a woman and it could be the
best [ __ ] thing that's ever happened
because I have a built-in excuse to
forget everything I just can't get mad
at me cuz that would be unpatriotic I
[Applause]
was on tour one time I call him I was
like hey she's like why don't you feel
the ice cube tray I'm like cuz I forgot
just like why cuz I got shot in the
goddamn head fighting for your freedom
so which one do you want
i surf read of it I can't have both that
is selfish kids in Afghanistan that
would love ice probably freedom -
freedom Isis a lot easier
I got a Purple Heart for it guys don't
cheer for that it's the worst [ __ ]
ribbon you could get that just makes the
other guy almost killed you but the
thing about the Purple Heart is in the
state of New York and in the state of
California when you have a Purple Heart
they give you a free license plate you
know that that's one of the few
advantages to being shot in the head the
comment
we tell you a funny story about the
first time I got my license plates I was
in New York my hometown Buffalo New York
and I got my Purple Heart license plate
so this was 2004 right after I got back
from Iraq I get my plates and I called
my buddy Matt down at Fort Bragg North
Carolina I said hey man I got my Purple
Heart plates and Matt has three purple
hearts so he's been shot three times
this is like 2004 right after the first
year of the war lots of support for the
military Matt goes put him on your car
and see if you can get a ticket that
doesn't seem like a good idea so goes no
no see if you get a ticket so I put my
plates on my car and I Drive it to
Buffalo Police Headquarters and I park
in a handicapped spot in front of
Buffalo Police Headquarters and then I
walk to a bar and get shit-faced drunk
at 11:30 in the morning and then I walk
back to my car and I gotta take a piss
so I start peeing next to my car this
cop comes I was like is this your car
like yes sir it is because where are you
going I'm like them to a bar because I
didn't ask you where you're coming from
it's not the answer I gave you because
is this your car well I guess sir just
come back from Iraq like us sir because
you wait right here
so gets his partner his partner comes
out they put me a squad car the partner
gets in my truck and they drive my truck
to my house and then walk me into a bar
and they buy me lunch and a beer at
11:30 in the morning and the cop goes
airborne sergeant and [ __ ] leaps so I
called Matt like yo you were not gonna
believe what the [ __ ] just happened
so I tell them and he goes I meant roll
through a stop sign you idiot and I got
a [ __ ] DUI
[Music]
my 15 year old nephew is addicted to
porn hub which yeah that's you know 15
this is the time you try to figure out
what's going on with your tickets for
you know at 15 your seconds it just for
Peter do I go to the edge of cliffs and
that people are falling grab ahold of it
you know like you know what am I am I
supposed to help people with it or just
stare at it and draw it and you know I
asked like oh how do you know he's
addicted right and she goes because I
hear him and I was like that sucks
there is nothing less pathetic and more
unattractive than the sounds of a
prepubescent boy pleasuring himself
through the walls of your humble abode
you know and every dude thinks the
opposite every dude at that age is just
like when you start to figure it out you
just you get you get your shoulders into
it it was like [ __ ] you know people
should be lining up outside my window to
hear me [ __ ] yeah like every dude just
you think it's this [ __ ] firework
festival of just you know magical
sensations and it's not every dude is
the exact opposite it's just beautiful
mix of like confusion and excitement
just bewilderment and paranoia it's like
going through a haunted mansion on a
razor scooter you just what is that
eyelash I go what does he was he
searching you know what is he typing
into uh introduces brain to you just I
don't [ __ ] know like oh well you
should if you're a good parent you know
you know make sure this kid is not over
stimulating his noggin to images that
are not safe there's stuff I don't even
take a glance at and you know what this
kid getting conditioned to meeting all
these [ __ ] up visuals in his routine
you know what a minutes forties just
like I can't even common less there's a
clown in the room and you're like
alright well [ __ ] I got a lot guys with
that guy in the bus ever
[Applause]
[Music]
box jello it's cold takes four hours to
set by the time it's ready you're not
even hard anymore it's a logistical
nightmare anyway so I'm [ __ ] this
pizza right yeah Friday nights of pizza
[ __ ] crowd I dig it I love that joke
cuz I can look out in the audience and
see every dude in the crowd going I
wonder what kind of pizza it was then it
was a pepperoni pizza that's what I've
[ __ ] I'm [ __ ] pepperoni maybe I'm
just old school man I like classic cars
vinyl records [ __ ] pepperoni pizzas
these kids today they'll [ __ ] anything
pineapple pizza they're putting their
dicks in hot pockets not me man
pepperoni every time maybe stuffed crust
but only if I'm drunk one of the dumbest
jumps I've ever
[Music]
it's amazing my wife and I hooked up we
come from two totally different
backgrounds so I I grew up to an Italian
family in northern New Jersey hands no
don't everybody nice everybody classy
grunts people are always surprised when
they hear her from New Jersey
like happy to me for New Jersey and I'd
have an accent like that I graduated in
high school that's how that's how I did
it yeah my wife's family they're from
Southwest Florida which is the part of
Florida where they feed oxycontin to
adduct and throw it in again every
family reunion is 20 Joe McMahon's
is what I'm saying ten of them female so
let me just paint a picture for you they
live in the Florida they have alligators
in their backyard and nobody thinks it's
a big deal first time I went down there
her uncle says to me for some context
her uncle's name is Reggie and he's
white so again this is the Florida we're
talking about uncle Reggie goes hey
y'all go down by the pool Rob should
take my 45 in case that Gator comes up
okay can we just let me play that back
because I just want to make sure I heard
you correctly you want me to take this
hand cannon and in the event a water
dinosaur emerges from that swamp you
call it backyard
do you want me to blow a grater in its
head while I'm lounging on this
inflatable Swan is that what I'm hearing
okay good just wanted to make sure you
aren't asking me to do anything
unreasonable
I just cool great could not be more
different every guy my family straight
out of a Scorsese movie every guy and
her family straight out of a Toby Keith
video it's they're just men you know
what I mean like they like they're just
like they know how to do stuff you know
I don't know how to do anything I mean a
guy who knows how to change his own oil
it's like I'm a kid meeting Tom Brady
I'm like what you do it all by yourself
these guys it's emasculating they do
everything they built their houses fix
their cars kill their food that's not
how I was raised in New Jersey that's
not how my people are where I come from
you need something done you call a guy
that's all you do
until you do my people don't do stuff we
don't do we just showered we're not
doing that we just bought these pants we
don't do men and her family don't care
about fashion it'll buy a new wardrobe
when the summer comes you know if it
gets too hot out
they just cut their jeans in half both
shorts there they are
yeah cut this one a little too high now
if I lift my knee above 90 degrees and
nut comes out but I don't care I got a
barn to build cuz I'm a man I just I
don't understand my wife these are the
men she grew up with like how does she
go from that to a guy who exfoliates I
don't understand how that happened every
now yeah like I just got to ask you it's
the last time I'm gonna ask you just
wanna last time are you with me because
you love me or because you always wanted
a sister that's all I'm just gonna
[Music]
I'm telling you girls get [ __ ] done two
weeks [ __ ] got that [ __ ] done the move
the plan was don't know we want boys to
know stop [ __ ] harassing stuff being
animal stuff saying [ __ ] to us stop
gawking right I know seems straight boys
more scared of my [ __ ] life
[Applause]
wait leg what else do you want I'm done
like at this point if any guy is still
doing now the cases mentally disturbed
but guys were like they were coming to
me they're like I think I might go sucks
like a dick at this morning because
decades every year we come out we parade
this year some rights can we do like you
guys know alright next year we'll be
back really 30 years you guys two weeks
watch you I mean that like with my dick
is out when a girl would come by like
you're making me soft [ __ ] given moment
like the public exposed to Joker squeeze
in there
it's my own [ __ ] thing okay boy slap
it though okay so yeah boys the boys
straight game whatever the [ __ ] the
other [ __ ] boys what case you know
tell me that thing called glory hole
yeah Gloria oh these sticks is dick in
the hole and there's got guys they
sometimes they have to be told it's a
girl behind the handle you know it yeah
like a girl or sitting there behind the
hole oh I can't wait to suck some [ __ ]
but no never boys there's never a girl
behind that hole I promise you okay it's
always off cock-hungry [ __ ] [ __ ]
up and down never girl waiting on I just
need to suck some dick never ever just
with straight guys would accept you suck
the dick you like it sometimes you got
to think suck you jerk a little dick up
it's okay boys be free it doesn't make
you pay you suck a little dick if you
date dick you gay boy
[Music]
I grew up something the Baptist with
church eight days a week
I'm also religious refused to eat
deviled eggs here but I am NOT very
religious I'm not you know the certain
traditions they bothered me they do we
don't say like let's take a circumcision
right right clap our not clap nothing
sighs man stop doing here does it turn
it turn it turn it turn it low sleeve or
you know sleeves on it but our nation's
better necklace no sleeve loans leave
the back but turtlenecks return they can
terminate terminate it to me to me is
barbaric
we're still doing this we still know
people Jackie you know saved us you
don't stand
it's about hygiene hygiene hygiene yeah
right 2,000 years ago but 2018 oh just
watch it someone has bad breath you
don't cut your toe go we can't evolve
y'all you know I was reading said back
in the Bible days he couldn't go outside
the temple unless he was circumcised
couldn't you need as you were cut a
beginner who was this doorman
[Laughter]
the badge on the half guy night I've had
bad times for saying but dick check it I
love and assesses hope assume I know
religion is about it's a religion just
weird to me man I tried to be atheist I
try but then got those souls
[Laughter]
[Music]
I live in New York City fantastic city
yeah it's great and if you ever go I
feel this is big this is true for any
big city throw your iPod in the trash
what you can what do you own an iPod for
in a major city why do you want to pay
money to download listen to music when
homeless people want to talk to you
against your will for free absolutely
free they don't charge a dime I black I
saved this for you guys this happened to
me before I left
had I been listening to my iPod I would
not have heard the gentlemen on the
train say this out loud to my face
remember for free didn't charge me a
nickel for this said man Kentucky Fried
Chicken beat a reason a player like me
be catching so many statutory rape
charges
so like any rational human being I said
continue because I wanted to hear
I wonder hear what he had to say clearly
I want to get some [ __ ] off his chest
he said man they got on him
sixteen-year-old [ __ ] up in there
eating mad biscuits and coleslaw and
[ __ ] they be getting all fat and they
titties and ass and that be having a
player like me begin to check the ID
before I serve some dick
you will never hear pearls of wisdom
like that on iTunes
did you just spill your drink
that's how weird your high was she
spilled a drink hey you know hi I'm
talking to a blank eyes somebody's like
a mixture somebody they make me put it
on Instagram hi black I do Friends of
black people
how many black people you're friends
with how many how many how many how many
by people she said do you want to check
my contacts like you got you got a
mopped off [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
you [ __ ] digging a hole lady you can
take my contacts Bob [ __ ] Steve [ __ ]
Mike [ __ ] [ __ ] this said I'm out of
here by oh I'm friends with black people
you can check my contacts this is the
book that's like the worst job and if
you have a right here I'm a people
person I like black guys you can check
my contacts what is your name sir what
is your name
Audra where you from Audra you're not
from California West Virginia there we
go okay okay there we go
that's what you live [ __ ] live on
other side of train tracks
I'm from the bike you take my contacts
hi Audra everybody say hi to Audra
Oh
sorry I'm having a bad day I mean I had
to put this whole thing together the
crows were yelling at me what a
miserable bird The Crow is nobody likes
crows they're hideous you never see a
baby crow either do you
they hide them when they're cute other
birds are okay they cheap and chirp what
does a crow be what is it falling off a
mountain that's the sound I would make
if I was falling from them like crows
man I like my dog I got a dog do you
have one see cuz he's an older guy he's
got a dog
what is yours is you know just a mutt a
mix like mine yeah it's like just a
mixed [ __ ] mixed breed dog under
this high-strung purebred crap right
yeah he's a beautiful animal you know
and I love him I take him everywhere I
to take him everywhere you can't take
your dog anywhere anymore I understand
not bringing him into the supermarket
cuz they got you know like food but the
cable company how come right yeah okay
I'll tell you the story so I mean the
cable company got the dog on the leash
I'm playing by the rules right
everyone's cool with the dog except the
lady there but works there's glaring at
me from behind the counter she goes you
know waits an hour till I get to the
front of the line and then she hits me
with what they say when they're about to
kick you out of a place because you got
it actually was excuse me sir is that a
service animal and good thing I'm a
comic cuz I had to think fast so I go
yeah
she doesn't buy it she goes oh yeah what
kind of service animal and here's when I
lost it I said he's a guide dog I'm
blind I mean while I've been watching
the TVs in the line the whole time so
she doesn't fall for it she goes oh yeah
if that's a guide dog where's that
little jacket he's supposed to be
wearing
I said I'm blind I couldn't find
[Applause]
you know I wanted to be a hero that's
really literally I thought I was gonna
be the kind of guy that vanquishes evil
and protects the innocent I want to I've
never [ __ ] killed a bad guy once I've
never I've never I've never done
anything heroic I just I want to I want
to be that I want to I would kill the
[ __ ] I want to rescue a woman from a
tower I want to fight my food [ __ ]
kick the door open
I just heroin you know and I'm like come
with me I [ __ ] grab her throw her on
my shoulder I I could run her I could
run her by my legs are too long and
heroic she can't [ __ ] keep up she
can't I'm too powerful she's in high
heels she can't you know her breasts are
too big and natural there's too much
[ __ ] come with me you know hey and
I'm just I'm wet my hair I don't know
why I'm just she's and she's on my back
she's like holy [ __ ] but she don't mind
me to mind my hero
she's like holy [ __ ] he feels like warm
moving wood whatever I don't know I
don't know what sheathing well I'm just
you know she touches my back she's like
oh my god is is that a barrel of snakes
my luck knife is my back when no cuz
when you're a hero when you're a hero
you use your back all your back heroes
have huge Backstrom because they rescue
they pull children out of wells that
movie right there gets your back you
[ __ ] use it a lot when you do Cohn
flew in an open field
this or when you run with wild horses
they flank you when you're raising your
people like [ __ ] let's go
just to see anywhere the point is she's
on my back I'm just my mowing her
captors down she's good good good good
she's like I'm like calm down cuz I have
a very soothing mouth don't be weird I
just take it i have bundle arrows okay
but that's Spanish for Bandolero no cuz
I'm not American I'm not you know not me
but I don't have a hero's name Bryan
Bryan Callen
you know nobody ever saw my god Bryan's
here we're safe now no I have in my
fantasy in my movie I have a Spanish a
[ __ ] Spanish nickname I'm that bad I
just like it and she's like uh-huh and
got anything in Spanish has got though
and Scorpio even even butterfly if you
say it slowly huh Marie bus an awesome
movie just kick yeah [ __ ] I lost my
pants probably just cuz in the fight up
the tower I think got ripped off I don't
know what happened I gotta tie my
generals to my right leg no cuz I got a
piece on me when I run that fast I get
major flop it's heroes don't have I'm
not walking out with a dud here it's a
piece I use a piece of king course hemp
rope it's not comfortable but it keeps
me disciplined and honesty [ __ ]
shirts ripped of course and obviously
when you're a god though your shirt is
always [ __ ] always ripped because
when you fight guys cut you're like mom
you know you know what I mean and women
women they had they birthday ovulate
they they just they start producing
estrogen they pull at your shirt they
can't help themselves they don't even
give you time to pull it off they're
just like I want anyway you have to have
a you have to have a huge shirt budget
if you're a god
it's true
all right you okay with that my man need
a hug or anything I'm right here for you
come here and give me a hug sometimes it
gets we just yeah thank you buddy I
appreciate that you can always tell
straight men cuz they give me the hug
right away I appreciate that you live in
the Bay Area see you're comfortable with
that it's alright see ya butt butt
straight guys notice we always do that
three taps on the back I'm not gay hug
[Laughter]
just like you're tying up cattle or
something why we do that I think we're
counting to see how long do guys could
be pressed up against each other before
it gets a little weird one two get the
hell away from me and guys that is the
same hug you will get from a girl after
a date when she wants nothing to do with
you afterward
right ladies you do that thing with your
hips right thank you for dinner
I am NOT sleeping with you what is that
what the hips ladies what is that
let me get my genitals as far away from
possible if I liked you at all I would
be rubbing up but I'm Way we I
appreciate that man the game with the
hug all right
game that strong handshake too didn't ya
so there's no questions there long
haired boy
I could kill you with the drinks wrong
[Laughter]
what does it mean though when they
tickle the palm of your hand with
[Music]
so I watch a lot of fox news don't get
weird it's gonna be okay and I'm walking
out of Fox News because I want to know
how the other side talks and so the
other day I was watching my thought
process going in for research was why do
some people hate black people I want to
know and on the screen it said 50% of
all murders committed this country were
committed by black people and I was like
that could be a reason but I didn't
trust the numbers right like all I heard
was 50% black people and murder and
nobody was home with me and my wife and
50% of two is one she's a killer and I
didn't I didn't like it I didn't I
didn't I didn't trust the numbers I went
outside all this is [ __ ] I know for
a fact these numbers can't be true so I
googled it and it turns out those
numbers were real and then I was [ __ ]
up I was like wait a minute that's a lot
of it's only 12 but 50% of artists we
don't know and then I was like I need to
find out more suck gold it turns out 93%
of the people that black people killed
what other black people and I was like
what the [ __ ] are you white people
afraid of we're not bothering
calm down now you can be afraid but
don't be afraid of me be afraid floor me
[ __ ] if you see me walking down
the street and there's another me behind
me tap the first me on the shoulder go
hey I'm an ally I can get you home that
joke is so weird because you should see
your faces see I can see all of you so
when I started to choke you like oh god
Fox News and some of the white people in
here were like up here comes finally the
race chick knew he's gonna play the card
and then the joke progressing it was a
black on black crime joke and all the
way people like and the black people
like these white people then you gonna
do that really
another joke continued and we all came
on the same page you like oh walking
down the street
[Music]
we need to update the religious texts of
the world you agree with me lady German
yes or no good so I the Hindu have a
plan we should take all major religions
and just give them to the company Apple
every six months Apple can update and
relaunch to the digital world how nice
would that be that's what we need we
need Islam 6h ladies and gentlemen
we need Jesus bro if nothing else you
would slow the crazy people down you
would can you imagine how much you would
slow people down is every time some
crazy arcade wanted to commit a jihad we
first had to sign a new online agreement
with Apple but share a garage jihad ie
then you have to sync all your bombs in
your devices to the same jihad ID
except that one bomb didn't work with
the old version of iTunes and I have to
download the new version of IPO and then
you're all set to go up to heaven and
get 72 virgins but your iCloud only
holds six bulges on I you know my
favorite part of that jump is it's just
Android users going what the [ __ ] is he
talking boy what cloud is a cloud you
have a cloud I don't have a cloud my
Samsung explodes then there's a cloud is
that it now
hey I'm Mason and I'm a part of the last
factory production team I hope you enjoy
this clip you did please give this video
a like subscribe above and comment below
and we'll be back at you with more
comedy soon because this is the last
factory
ah I get pulled over a lot I got Paul I
got a speeding ticket recently in the
mountains true stories cop sex on you
know fast you're going I was like yes
fast as possible
I swear to God I had a whole set up I
wanted to like at an argument he was
like what do you mean I'm like I saw a
sign back there that said a falling rock
zone so I'm getting the [ __ ] out cops
like no son you got to slow down in the
falling rocks and I'm like sir I've done
the math alright the slower I go the
higher the probability I die in a donkey
kong' related accident I don't like
fighting with cops I'm friends with some
cops like they don't want to fight with
you but I love given a good argument
like there's some good arguments out
there like I got a cell phone
ticket right cup holds me over talking
on cell phone and driving I'm like why's
that illegal he's like got a operated
vehicle with two hands I'm like is it
illegal to be a one-armed person swear
to god here's like no but you don't pull
over one-armed people do you so we go
isn't it I'm like them pretend I'm
one-armed I have my legal arm and then
this is a bonus arm always get out my
bonus arm right here and then I choose
the bonus arm to hold a phone with
because this isn't legally necessary I'm
just going to hold him phone with it you
said yeah but you're talking into sound
like what if I was talking to a banana
he's like it's like the bonus arm I'm
like yeah bonus arm with a banana
would you call me over he's like of
course that I'm like okay then yet now
we go you have to prove that the object
in my hand has reception I have an
iPhone that's going to be difficult
because I'm going to court on this thing
he's like step out of the vehicle like I
had drugs in my pocket not the smartest
time to stage a debate weed
I'm from Virginia the south it's [ __ ]
terrible don't whoo it's the opposite of
a whoo it's more like a it's the worst
my out my relatives are all like
hardcore conspiracy theorists cuz her
hug
alright next yeah other people are like
it's your [ __ ] government's fault
it's like dude you just work at
Applebee's like the government's not
behind that you just didn't pull out in
the seventh grade that's behind you the
two right now people like my my stepdad
huge conspiracy theorists and the thing
is if you've ever gone in a conversation
with the conspiracy there's you can't
win the conversation in a minute like
they have to be right this is the only
way I found you can win a conversation
with a hardcore conspiracy there's you
have to out conspiracy theory then this
only thing they know or respond to you
know what I mean like if you get a
conversation with somebody and they're
like oh man look at the photos of the
moon landing see that [ __ ] the flags
waving
why isn't waving man there's no oxygen
on the moon open your mind man you just
gotta look him right in the eye and be
like wow you believe in the moon are you
[ __ ] seven man I don't think Barack
Obama was born in this country who gives
a [ __ ] he's a ghost
go ahead about Asian parents they're so
honest like they have no filter they
have no editing system whatever they
think they say this is my dad good
morning dad you look ugly today you look
horrible
don't go outside you are ugly
you made me mother when I was in high
school I used to bring girls into my
house right I would introduce into my
dad my dad would tell them stories about
me like secrets like dark hey dad this
is Stephanie when Bobby was a little kid
he ate a dog poop in the front lawn I
said hey don't eat that he said I only
had the one piece nice to meet you you
know he still thought today hey dad this
is Cindy when we lived in Minnesota
Bauer's molested by guy left
battery pack yes I was a molester do you
know why I love candy
I'm a preacher's kid man I grew up in
church and every year there was a pastor
that gave a guilt sermon you know that
patter you guys grow mature masturbation
is a sin masturbation is of the devil I
try to open up to him go on top pastor I
really struggle with this masturbation
that he was I don't talk about it my
charge okay cuz he's jerking off to all
right exactly like a grown man I'd never
masturbate are you kidding me
let's take a survey that makes it some
noise if you're a man and you've you've
never masturbated
thank you very much laughs back to it
but a honest survey I like all you guys
keeping it real kidding me that's why I
hated like church leaders then keep it
real they just preached judgment through
prayers you know prayers are supposed to
be real but instead Oh Father God please
forgive those who came late to service
today because their church clothes are
the same as their clubbing clothes Lord
from last night please forgive those who
have a stamp on their hand and a glow
stick in their pockets please forgive
those who are flip-flops to the house of
God only you were flip-flops Lord Jesus
that was the most judgmental prayer ever
man how about a real prayer I always
wish the high school kid kept it real in
front of my you know my dad's church was
huge right I always was like a high
school kid went up there father God I
know on the praise leader and the Bible
study leader Lord I'm really sorry I
masturbated this week God sorry is every
day this week Lord there's a batting
average would be a thousand percent lore
or they used to rap Playboy magazines
with plastic but now the internet the
only security question they ask you is
are you 18 who is clicking on this Lord
with only honest 17 year olds in front
of the computer saying one more year
just one more year till honest poor Lord
this is the worst year security measure
in history no 7000 boy ever clicks no
one are you 18 all right let's get this
straight no man in years every click no
one are you 18 to get the porno it's a
waste of two seconds one time I'm also
curious I'll let me see what have it I
click no time [ __ ] go popped out she
went are you sure are you sure every
time I click no she's like slapping her
ass cuz they'll get you
I went to this five-star restaurant the
other day it's literally right on
Tropicana right across the street from
here Hooters and my waitress was a guy
in uniform that was the weirdest part
right the orange shorts the little
halter top and not a transitioning guy
that would make sense I would understand
that no this was just some young kid
that was trying to prove a point you
know if women can work here I can work
here comes up to the table the attitude
can I start you off with anything I'm
like yeah start me off with some [ __ ]
hooters how about that not here for the
mozzarella sticks there chief you know
if that's what I want to see I'll go to
Chippendales you know which I did later
that day I'm just saying there's a time
and a place for everything you know you
go to Hooters for that one reason like
skedaddle back in the kitchen see what
you can rustle little bit there a couple
minutes later the manager comes out to
see who the problem customer was and I
was like all right well finally thank
God I mean yes you should have seen the
rack on this guy yeah he would be we
live in a country where you can own as
many semi-automatic weapons as you want
and that's your constitutional right
yeah but ask for a straw
and now you're a villain you're not
supposed to shame people for anything
but they will shame you for asking for a
straw you know you're killing fish I'm
like I'm just trying to drink like one
for Christ's sakes I don't want to put
my lips on that glass where I clearly
see a thumbprint okay get me a straw
I'll go get my gun and shoot you how
about that
[Music]
Riis while having the kids though cuz
I'm scared how many people here got kids
one one chick 2i god Bless You God bless
you wherever I have kids because you got
balls you got balls and I don't got to
have kids takes a lot of balls have kids
as I watch the news and when you watch
the news you realize it's like some
maniacs in this world you know saying
that's why I don't want to have kids
like if I had a kid I'd want like the
ugliest daughter possible you feel me
sit at her hideousness with protective
from all the [ __ ] that's going on in the
world like I want her ugly to the point
where she came to me she's like Daddy I
was raped like come on get out of here
[Applause]
no that [ __ ] ain't happen go to your
room stop [ __ ] around
[Music]
just playing daddy but I did go down to
the alley to try to get raped though I
was like come on rapist it's like get
out of here girl I've got a flashlight I
can see your face not gonna fall for
this [ __ ] a third time [ __ ] outta here
for call the cops that's right I'm the
rapist and I'll call the cops
that's my gonna reverse rape me again
anyone here have a problem with people
being affectionate in public yeah here's
a tip when a couple of being
affectionate in public the more
effective and more progressive way of
saying hey guys get a room is to instead
say hey guys don't get a room
[Music]
[Laughter]
stay right where you are
are there any creeps here tonight it
creeps here's another tip if you ever
out and about out on the field and you
want to do some creeping but you're in a
wide-open area where there's nothing to
creep around I think you know how when
you want to creep you need something to
creep around right you need a wall or
the corner of a building right let's say
you're in a wide-open area where you
can't do that you don't have that you
can simply use your own arm and then
when you're finished you just take your
hand and put it back where it goes
backwards State hey everybody I'm
Marcellus in the last factory production
crew and guess what we're giving away
free stuff I got a hoodie please coming
at you from last factory New York
vintage what you're going to do is
subscribe and then you're going to
comment below that you subscribe put you
awesome we've got to tell us a funny
joke you do that and then check us out
you first don't let you know please
don't be racist it hurts my heart are
you guys doing
oh it took us
cool yeah
I still love you guys so much
by the old days I love daytime I can't
date right now my current situation I
gotta get back in shape in order to meet
a normal woman is anytime somebody want
to hook me up with somebody I wanna hook
up with a big girl you know and they're
all big women a lot of big women are
beautiful I just personally don't want
to date a girl got the same back and
shoulders as me it's not my thing you
know they don't make me feel like I'm
winning you know when you when you have
sex you're supposed to feel like you win
you know that makes me feel like my
parole got denied and I'm just stuck in
the room dude all right guess we're
gonna do this
I like normal-sized women like everybody
else man because you can lie to enormous
eyes only differently than you can a big
girl know like go to a normal-sized girl
like you so fine I drink your bathwater
which is a lie but it's more plausible
because there's a normal-sized girl I
can't say that to no big girl we both
know that water is contaminated on it
like chicken grease and turkey gravy
over there million shavings over there
not I think about I'll probably still
check that bathwater sounds delicious
sounds like a nice soup cream a big
[ __ ]
dude remember how much everything
mattered in high school
i was thinking about that remember how
much everything mattered remember
reading out loud
why the did we have to do that that
was the most embarrassing
 ever especially as a guy like by
the way
ladies you didn't know this in like 13
years old
first off like we're getting hard for no
reason
all day teachers would make you stand
brent can you please stand and not be
hard and read the book please
can you put your pen can you tuck the
penis and read macbeth please
and our voices were changing that was
the worst ever to have to read
while your voice is
changing where you're sitting up there
like in 19
in 194
in 19 oh jesus and then the worst is
when the teacher would go
take your time don't block me for
all of high school you can't say that
and your friends were too guys
friends they were in class they
had no sympathy
the second you're like in the 19 you
couldn't they were like hey you can't
read you're an orphan
he's an orphan you're a orphan
lori he loves you he never wanted to
tell you that
caught him jerking off to yearbook photo
when he played field hockey that field
hockey one last year you look great but
he jerked off to it
what you did you brent you're
sleeping over
 you it's the worst
but nothing was worse than asking girls
out asking girls out in high school was
the worst
thing in the world because guys like i
said i know sympathy but then you girls
if i got turned down would go and tell
everybody like the second i got turned
down you go to your friends like oh my
god you won't believe he just asked me
out
you know brent morning you know the kid
like the big head in the whatever body
anyway he comes up to me when i'm at my
locker he's sweating so much i mean
covered in sweat like what did you just
jog here i don't know
anyway he starts going on about how he
wishes we had clowns for teachers and we
should have a bear day
i had no idea what he was
talking about i was 15 minutes late for
class then i don't know where he turns
bright red
can't even make eye contact and he's
like um i was just wondering if you
wanted to go to the movies with me on
saturday and i was like no i have a
boyfriend and he was like me too and
just walked away
did you know he was gay and i heard he
can't read
but i feel like kids today don't have to
deal with that as much like everything
i'm reading they're growing up so fast
you know like they're getting
blow jobs on the bus
what below
7 a.m blow jobs
prince doesn't get 7am who gets
blown at 7am
nobody should be late for the bus if
you're getting blown on the bus moms
have to be like
bailey time for school got it got it
french toe sticks you got the french toe
stick
give me the french toe sticks elliott
wait give me the french toast mom i'm
gonna get blown give me the
french dough stick
throw them throw them left school they
just go to the back of the bus like
amanda amanda back here i'm back here
i'm getting blown
seven i'm so tired
remember when buses didn't have shocks
either and you just jumped you're like
oh
oh
my god 7am how the
when i first got a i didn't know
i was getting when i was standing in the
middle of a field don't ask
she was down there doing her thing i was
up here panicking just
oh
fantastic
almost passed out
I like partying but you can't get you
crazy in Las Vegas because there's rules
here you get drunk you go to jail I
figured out a place where you can go and
you could do whatever you want you know
where this place is it's called Cancun
Mexico this is where you go if you want
to make bad decisions and no one giving
a [ __ ] you go there right those resorts
are made for you to party you can wear
those shorts you go with bring that face
you can go you can bring your hooker
it's legal those places are made for you
to party you walk in those Mexicans are
this [ __ ] little there this little
they're so aggressive they got tuxedos
on they look like the Penguins of
Madagascar and they say two words
they're like drink a drink a drink a
drink at [ __ ] drinkin drinkin drinkin
drinkin
right now what do you do thinkin
dude I'm on the beach it's breakfast I'm
like you know what you're drunk and your
legs are locked in but your body is
doing mortal combat like whoo the little
Mexicans like finish him drink it right
I'm [ __ ] up right
he was all you [ __ ] ha he wants me to
keep going he goes me that here the keys
the keys to the jet ski you go I had
blood get a napkin bring key you go
all-inclusive sir die let go sort of why
do I have a jet ski [ __ ] it right I go
to the jet ski area there's no jet ski
class
there's no trainer there's no vest
there's no manual it's just a jet ski I
get on the jet ski right and I'm like
rah rah rah rah round but I haven't put
the keys in here
it's just me drug-like rah rah I put the
keys in right I don't know if you've
been on a jetski you're supposed to go
slow into the ocean no not this guy Wow
full speed a wave is coming I don't give
a [ __ ] boom in the air blah throw up
everywhere I'm in the ocean my legs are
locked in I'm dizzy I'm drunk I'm
throwing up I'm [ __ ] a little I [ __ ] I'm
dying in Mexico I'm trying to yell for
help but I'm in Mexico I don't know is
it help so I start yelling songs from
the radio I'm like God so Lina guy so
Lina and then I finally see help on my
oh my God thank God the lifeguard nope
it was the bartender as I drink it
[Applause]
[Music]
a beautiful woman trapped in a tower
with an ugly angry hideous creature but
enough about my good friends Donald and
Melania Trump let's talk about Beauty
and the Beast
I am your gay from Russia I first
learned that live-action remake of
beauty in these five years ago when I
read Disney executive email you called
hacking but whatever this film has
already made over 700 million dollars or
as Putin calls it winning election money
so historic homeless lady with roles
show up to Prince door during the rain I
know you're thinking the prince non it's
not purple rain is regular rain and it's
not the real Prince but later on he
becomes beast formerly known as Prince
in Russia if homeless woman knocks on
door it must to spend the night you say
okay but first oral she but course on
Prince internment to beast is she look a
little bit like Joy Behar on a good day
Emma Watson stars is built a beautiful
maiden that must learn to love a beast
and order to break evil course typical
woman if you want to see a beautiful
woman trapped with someone heavy animal
just go to a person nightclub in Los
Angeles the Beast live in its gentle the
Beast live in its gentle castle where
where bill feeds the flora tours the
clock in the teapot all talking usually
only time woman sees household items
talk to each other is after they wake up
from date with Bill Cosby too soon my
boo booster say to me do not criticize
anyone to evoke the mound or shoes that
way when you criticize them Europe mile
way and you have their shoes Belle's
father goals in gets a trapped in
dungeon with hairy beast I know sounds
like in the grinder date but this is a
fairy tale
people have certain movies that that
there is a gay Disney character for
first time I think most Disney
characters again there are princess
wearing tights going to something called
enchanted forest believe me they are
probably looking for other princes and
tights in Russia we don't have gay
we just have sort of men who are trying
to stay warm we do have gay but the we
took care of bear go snooping in BK so
she is told not to go to West being but
of course he goes to be Sweden because
women marry they do not listen a biscuit
med condom like with my wife I go
snooping and my cellphone designs texts
from other [ __ ] if I am NOT home
right now and divorce if she was women
like to make a heavy date with your gay
please leave comment below with the cell
phone number in the home address I'm
getting little bit drunk not to break
the course beast must learn to love
another person and all their love in
return before the last rose petal fall
and bees can go back to her job under
view finally after many days on looks
like beauty and beast or falling
Clarissa they fell off Homer does not
have a card for but you port does have
special category for I don't understand
why people were upset that dizzy movie
they had gay men but they're okay with
this young girl banging a beast this guy
who wants to date Belle his name is
Gaston he sound like total homo but he
is trying to stable from keto so he can
a he can finally fulfill his dream of
boning her ass done and beast get into
horrible fight this is a better fighter
than Gaston because beast is brown the
last respect of force
anyway yes she loves him but the Beast
is deader than Hillary Clinton's
campaign and homeless woman she come
back issues like ha ha ha this is prank
I'm like Ashton Kutcher in the Beast
become a prince again in the to live
happily ever after
that is until the day Prince was very
threesome with Cinderella movie has lots
of good music like song parasol this
time I am not single it basically that
means a plot of every Disney movie is
safe Disney movies are like being
married same tale over over and over and
over again until you die this movie has
good lessons for girl if you are
independent
and greed in smart you two can have me
and take care of you for rest of life
too this movie is the same storyline
same songs injustice fun to masturbate
to speaking of the masturbate the I'm
going to watch Little Mermaid now let's
troll you Gregorek do you have maybe a
chest slack people should be okay
three three uses you know enchanted a
bottle of water he wants me to bring it
I don't think I should eat it this
historic this this is very scary
[Music]
tell you a little bit about me more from
Chicago originally yeah yeah uh when I
first moved out here I hate it with
anybody that's from here or the west
coast complain about they shouldn't
complain about yeah
like the weather is great all the time I
hear but sometimes they're complaining
about like when
[Music]
like a couple of weeks ago they had a
record-breaking wind
80 miles per hour I'm on the bus but I'm
still living my dream give it up for
that y'all give it up for that I'm on
the bus the wind blowing I'm looking
like that little thing to be outside in
front of the tire shop
well when peopie here complain about
wind blame
oh it's nippy get the hell out of here
we get real wind in Chicago it's
disrespectful you ever had some wind so
strong you come on we're so
strong hit you like one of them African
blow dart oh my God we're so strong make
you change your mind now you know what
I'm not to run to store I'll be right
back if you want to go this way
up all the holidays Halloween it was
hard to enjoy cuz like I here you can
show off your costume you still warm do
you know what you spider-man here's your
candy get out of here Chicago your
parents make you put your costume over
your clothes
now you gotta go door to door looking
like a buff ass ghost boo goddamn it
ooh this you make you put a jacket over
that for the wind you understand there's
a kid why you got to open to close your
jacket each door so if you show that you
got a costume on you feel like a goddamn
flash yeah at the door lady I just seen
somebody leave your house she open
that's the quest yeah man help you
Superman lady give me the goddamn candy
[Music]
but I like my wife I'm happily married
like being single I don't ever want to
get divorced much either become a
widower I guess I want my wife to die I
don't think there's anything funny about
that I'm just saying death and divorce
the only two ways I'd have to live as a
single guy again which I don't want
either one of those situations I'm going
to be lonely and depressed so if I got
to live with that kind of pain at least
want some free casseroles
I guess widowers get a lot of free
casseroles what a divorce guys get
judgment right doesn't matter why a
marriage ended we always blame the guy
find out a buddy's going to divorce I go
really what'd you do what'd you do do
did you drink too much did you hit her
no better sleeping with my brother well
why can't you be more like your brother
see that guy could use a casserole
so I like having a wife and I respecter
- that's why I'll never buy her flowers
because that's rude what's that say to a
woman when you give her flowers for no
reason you're like a honey I saw these
and they reminded me of you because
they're useless and their beauty is
fading by the second I think that's a
rude thing to say to a woman that's why
I don't do it I think every time we buy
flowers it's rude right we get people
flowers at funerals - hey sorry about
your loss well here's something else
it's gonna die it's [ __ ] up I think
you're gonna give someone flowers the
best time to do it is at a break up
there you go this bouquet represents a
relationship when those are done so are
we you got a week
she got me a Fitbit you guys know how
this thing works right it tracks the
motion of my arm it calculates how many
calories I've burned how far I've gone I
hate this [ __ ] thing cuz always
narking on me right
it has reports she's checking the
reports just like he's dead humble you
know like how do I explain to her I
forgot to walk again
alright but the other day she's looking
at boys she's like oh he's good do you
run one mile today and I was like yeah
and I'm thinking I didn't [ __ ] right
when did I run a mile right and so I'm
thinking that and I realize when it
calculated that I was running that mile
I was also watching porn guys I love to
run now let me tell ya I'm running 12
miles a day she's happy I'm relaxed all
the time
I'm kind of proud I don't want to brag
but I mean can you run a two minute mile
I've extremely fitbit's okay
[Music]
my wife and I we just had a kid and yeah
that's been great yeah yeah we had a
daughter and she's beautiful I love her
so gosh darn much and here's the thing
though I thought we were going to have a
boy
and the reason is the reason is a couple
years ago I went to a bachelor party
with a group of my friends from my 20s
and what we did was we rented a cabin
and on the first day we're going to do
all the drinking and drugs we did in our
20s and then the next day we're going to
go whitewater rafting
so so we did all the drinking drugs we
did in our 20s they're like this is so
much fun of him according to Kim and
then I went to bed and I woke up the
next day and I was like I think I have
cancer I think I have history and as I
was going through chemo hi I realized
that I still had to go whitewater
rafting then I began to panic because I
had never been before in my life
and right before we're about to leave
The Bachelor goes you want to do some
mushrooms and I go well what did the
rapids like as if it mattered yeah and
he goes all over like a level two level
three and I was like Yolo and I thought
that's it
and off to the whitewater rafting we
went we got there they gave us her
personal raft they gave us a paddle
which I thought was just incredibly nice
of them at the time and then our guide
showed up now our guide was this 20 year
old biracial dude nice-looking guy now
here's the thing though
my wife is black so when I saw him I am
I thought he was my son from the future
so we're going down the river and I'm
dodging rocks that I think are there
spinning around and he's like giddy to
watch we were going I'm like kitty watch
the tone of your voice young man I think
that's to give it take me if I could
have birthday boy oh my goodness
it was a crazy trip I learned that when
I do mushrooms
my testosterone just dropped through the
floor and I am not nearly as masculine
as I appear on stage and and I say this
because when you try to give us
directions I couldn't even look at him
because if we made eye contact a tear
would Wells in my life because I was so
damn proud of them
it was just a business thing
[Music]
anyway I am Jon Lovitz I think most of
you know me by my stage name JLo yes and
I want to thank Jamie Masada from the
lab fact he owns is he's up yeah and he
let me do my own show here for years
become a stand-up and the Jamie Jamie
was a stand-up himself that's how when
he was where he's 16 you know and
because he heard laughter is the best
medicine and they said Jamie just
stopped doing her act you're making
people sick it's horrible and so but
he's on a comedy club he loves comedy
and he's you know right now he's being
buddy-buddy why he always picking on me
by they're happy about it
so I asked a good friend of mine for
seront live when he started doing it
again live so anyway please welcome my
first cat well my only guest tonight
like Dana Carvey I can't believe it it's
a boy so we needed Obama not that he was
just African American we needed to go
from here
itty bitty baby baby oh yeah we needed
somebody who's gonna settle down settle
down and take his time
I like that Obama would just talk a long
time what's your plan with health care
let's go back to the beginning of health
care
women when the caveman or primitive man
would fall down the ravine hurt his leg
he'd be in need of health care
I need have to get the Shaymin or the
medicine man to find a bring bring it
bring a SAP create a SAP out of mud and
herbs and groups what looked on the
wound and that was the beginning of what
we commonly referred to was something
two Irishmen walk out of a bar it could
happen
that's what we do that's we do and when
you said you said what you said I saw
what you said when you said the thing
that you said about the thing that your
brother busted up with the book the book
of what the book the book we keep going
but we could go to trump I don't know I
don't think so
I bet because I think he's gonna you
know when he said McCain I know I think
he's a war hero because you got cab [ __ ]
I like people to don't get captured I
just thought okay he's done and he went
up in the polls that's like wow yeah
because he's not politically correct but
we are somewhere we've never been before
if Donald Trump is president the
Celebrity Apprentice guy there hello you
know what you're fired
here looks like I just think chapstick
you're missing the point
we're not work now it's back to Ronald
Reagan he was an actor in movies can I
do I know who's the greatest he was an
actor but he gave great speeches yeah
he's an actor John it's I can give the
best speeches ever I can't be President
I could get way better speeches than any
any of them running it's clearer I know
how to give speeches that's what I do
that doesn't mean I can run the country
no I know we want he's on television I'm
just telling you whether who win but we
want that clarity we missed that kind of
simple folksy clarity because Obama
dealing with eye
you know it's a complex issue he's an
intellectual he's like what we're gonna
do with the with the coalition partners
strategically with with the dismantling
of the Isis or ISIL Network with the
what work the Saudis in the Yemen the
Kurds the burst
butin Assad the Ottomans the Turkish
Shia Sunni Sunni Shia she is Sunni Sunni
Shia yang popped up and then you know
yagan I cannot even read Ronald Reagan
here he goes again
here's Reagan let's simplify where it
goes who they do what are they ISIL
icicle what are we fighting Eskimos who
aren't it they did what to who where
when well then we have no choice
pyro way what do you mean sir I said
fire with everything we've got nukes
Tommy Hawks Sidewinders laser-guided
cannon fire intercontinental ballistic
missiles submarines tanks bazookas
plastic forks and cherry bombs I don't
give a [ __ ] but fire
fire away and then call them and see if
they're still there the clarity we crave
it
so we crave Donald Trump
yeah but plus people know who he is he
had 16 people no 17 now running
can you name they're gonna eat
themselves morons Bill Clinton's over
they going he'll just relax let me get
you a cocktail
he'll cuz you are so in baby you are so
so sweet in look at these guys oh my
goodness they are stepping in its solid
Oh baby baby come here baby I love you
baby I know you're tired I know you're
tired I know you're a grandma but we can
get this done I mean Ted Cruz what a
nutball job that guy is I mean Huckabee
he should open a diner we got this baby
oh they'll take two Clintons but they
won't take three Bush's just some sweet
sweet little daddy come here baby that's
all right that's all right thing that's
all right baby yeah daddy loves you baby
come on now baby I've never had a
presidential candidate leave that to me
sweet chick come on back whooping
terrible but I didn't take it all the
way it's just the struggle that it's
entirely blue clean correct
we grew up during a different time yeah
I know corrected and we're live bro
I saw an article and I said well we are
we I don't care what anyone is you don't
care what Bruce Jenner's Caitlyn Jenner
I don't care I don't care I actually you
do here don't video it
everything is broadly online streaming
live no but I think that Bruce the thing
that Bruce is like I actually know him I
knew they don't personally I join me
everyone's going I know isn't it
wonderful I go but you don't have to
deal with it on a personal level I'm
friends with the guy I join a country
club and to play golf and tennis right
Wow oh oh I made money oops sorry I made
nothing for 13 years I didn't get a
refund it's time to pay your first shirt
for it and then I have a lot of works
hard I know everyone just gives you work
hard and work smart that's why you're
successful it's like no all right but I
was dumb and lazy let me do my Jenner
yes sir yeah so so I did anyway the
point is I'm gonna run into him at the
club it's I know you know I hit golf
balls you can have locker rooms I don't
know cuz they go they go which bathroom
is he gonna use I said well you know he
still has his dick so if he has to pee
you have to still hit my gosh can I
finish go ahead go ahead
so I said he still has his dick so if he
has to pee she'll use the men's room
if he gets his period
not my sense of humor I'm saying he's a
woman what's right what's your fun what
I'm saying I'm what am I gonna say to
and when I run into him you know there's
nothing I can say that as they hello
Kaitlyn no does have you goes hi John he
goes hi John I go hey what's new
that's funny I just feel like everything
because everything is so heavy and the
world has a lot of problems if someone
wants to transition I don't particularly
care I just wish we would treat it more
like can we treat it more playfully like
a newsreel from the 1930s and news out
of Hollywood today Olympic gold medalist
Bruce Jenner has announced that he is
fair hummina she and guess what she's
gorgeous
in other news movie star Clark Gable has
announced it he also is transitioning
he'll soon be known this Cathy Gable and
he'd like to start a sequel to gone with
the wind where he plays Scarlett O'Hara
and quite frankly we do give a damn
another angle oh there was a there was a
there was an article yeah another way to
get into it you're disgusting there was
an article yes
oh no USA Today goes can you can
comedians make fun of transgenders
they're asking that and then they have
transgenders going yes as long as you
don't mention the sexual parts like well
that's the whole thing
I think everybody has essentia more
including transgender people you can
make fun of me I don't care all right
straight hair too sexual man hilarious
well Dana well okay but Dana
his name's Dane well if I do transition
what I don't have to change my name if
exactly that's an advantage don't
believe me I've thought of that I was
almost transitioning just for that I was
about to say it but Dana yeah well you
said I could talk about so he did he was
Dana girl nice he had that operation you
know what it's called when you're a
woman you become a man the medical terms
and operation and add a dictum II what
are you eight
you know what it's called on a mate when
a man chops off his dick and becomes a
wide enough to say okay could you can
you be quiet said dick five times alone
why do you have to interrupt every time
I'm doing because you're saying dick too
much not that he's competitive hello
this is what it was like an SNL no we
are mostly just having fun go ahead and
finish your story
oh can I try not to say dick you know
what they call the operation when a man
chops off his dick and becomes a woman
you know that's called what the [ __ ] by
the way that Bruce Jenner's gonna wait
it let me just tell you this Dana before
you interrupted a chat tell if you think
this is the truth this is what they're
not telling you is that it's genetic a
boy is XY a girl's xx and these people
they're like transgender like X X Y but
Bruce I'd say like are your why why why
I don't get it you know but you know
what the operation they go you they want
to wait they tell them that wait a year
before you chop your dick off and then
you know they say you should wait here
and I think that's a good idea because
they don't just chop your dick off it's
worse Dana you know what they actually
do Dana you listen to this I have to ask
why are you fascinated by this coffin
the most of us go to the Yahoo page and
look at like whatever article Johnny's
digging into terminal I surgical
procedures or transsexuals
yes a lot of articles
yes go ahead
do you know what they thanks you know
what they do they don't just chop your
dick off they literally they slice it in
half yeah they leave it attached by the
way you're awake during the operation
then they stick it inside of you then
they [ __ ]
then they slice your balls up it they
slice your come they take your balls and
they put them inside of you and those
your ovaries and then they take the skin
from your scrotum and they fashioned it
into a labia and then people get mad at
you know like what's the word you are I
get mad and go go [ __ ] yourself you're
like I am
you tell each other biological I'm gonna
do my imitation of Dana go ahead why
were you so wait okay go on what do they
do with the scrotum Oh lots of pages I
see they unfold it hmm hello I'll call
you back typical morning well because I
learned you don't like learning about
things I like learning about they found
another exoplanet that's 1,400
light-years away that's probably a
better earth than we have here and it's
our job to get well is [ __ ] play why
don't you get on a ship and go live
there in silence you're not interested
in mathematics science astronomy physics
I think it's great this cultural
anthropology I think it's where does
this problem go I know all about it it's
1,400 light-years away easily do which
means we'll never get there not in our
lifetime there oh there's another planet
with life on it great I have to pay my
rent that's how I look at I go that's
terrific I know I always feel guilty
especially thing there's a billion
people without clean water on the planet
and I'm at Whole Foods just squeezing
avocados that's what I feel most like a
saline god damn it there's no [ __ ]
none of them are right she says well
what are you gonna do about it I don't
know maybe I'll just have a kumquat
why don't you do something to help who
don't well do you ever heard of miss
Alma
yeah it's in Tanzania yeah I know I
built it with the lawsuit money and
built the town you know mm-hmm in
Minnesota absolutely five thousand a
house son it's right on right
each turn Tanzania south of Kenya little
town no soma well you can do that
tonight well we hope it would you
funders in Tanzania put on the coffee
it's gonna be a long night why don't you
why don't you have fun there operation
liberal I am liberal so what's this town
called this I don't know so my mu mu s
OMA Tanzania did you name it community
alive is the organization no my
mother-in-law whose irish-catholic to
the core knew two nuns who were serving
there for 50 years and they are just
really cool they were just in the
trenches one of them helped burst like
1500 babies and so my wife and my
mother-in-law went over there and
checked the whole thing out and then we
started you know giving money to to the
nuns and now to this gentleman Joseph
because the nuns were forced to retire
by the Catholic Church and Joseph does
what Joseph was just a local community
member and we know about you given the
money and then what does he do it well
we you can't give all the money into
Tanzania it has to be in a separate bank
and then it's brought in gradually
because of all the cronyism occur but
what I'm saying but what is he they're
building homes they're some of the kids
had never been up to the Serengeti we
won Christmas they all went up finally
saw all the wildlife you know so there's
it's comprehensive it's a lot of
Education and there's an Tanzania is
testing you yeah you know sort of down
in that sort of lower right area when
you're looking from outer space you're
down in there you're below Kenya you can
find a nitro
you take a little hop over there you
know what I'm gonna now you're a Jew
should get him a zip up I'm along its
hands in the in snore they left it get
him as a spot cuz everybody snores why
don't you find that you like that you're
so liberal you won't find their trans
generator operation why don't you help
them with John do you have faith in God
as a Jew yeah I do I believe God is a
Jew because his son was Jewish whoa and
not to be competitive but my god is your
gods dad
my name is Chris I've just moved to LA
recently and it's weird because where I
come from no one cares that I sound like
this but I've moved here and I've
realised that you guys care too much too
much
I sound like this it's quite creepy at
times he'll open my mouth for an
American was good oh my god your accent
it's so charming so charming when you
talk I'm good really
what movies are you watching because
every time I watch a movie in the
summonin that sounds like me it's never
charming it is the voice of pure evil
it's never like would you like a scone
it's always like burn them burn them or
steal their land and burn them all SIA
beside the your accents charming or the
other one you guys love to chuck at me
which part of Australia do I come from
clearly I don't come from Australia does
it look like these jeans unzip and turn
into shorts no British trousers thank
you very much
I never feel more British than when I'm
driving my car in Los Angeles
I feel very British when I'm in my car
especially when the light goes yellow
there's like a chump
I'm they go oh it's probably time to
slow down you guys good
probably time to speed up buddy a yellow
is basically a green if you narrow your
eyes and you believe in yourself so
[Applause]
trying to get my hand in the American
code it's my first basketball game for
me to immerse myself in the culture and
this is true I don't remember anything
from the game the only thing I remember
was at halftime I was in the bathroom
and I saw a man walk into a stall eating
a pizza and I thought this truly is the
greatest country on Earth furious
where I'm from we've got a phrase that
 where you eat you guys like we
while we eat this is Trump's America we
don't give a anymore it's fat
[Music]
I was in Louisiana they got the best
accent the country has ever been to
Louisiana [ __ ] everyone that was
weird he's just like one person
Louisiana has got a great accent they
have a southern accent they also have a
Southern drawl that goes with it so when
they talk it's weird they combine all
their words in a sentence into one word
you just have to figure the [ __ ] out I
was at a Burger King Slidell Louisiana
the girl behind the counter was like hey
like damn you must kick ass at Scrabble
you do not want to play Scrabble with
anybody from Louisiana they get the
first turn the whole board games over
goofy isackson have ever heard st. Cloud
Minnesota nicest people had ever met in
my life everybody was so nice everybody
the same goofy accent I'm off to the
side of the stage some guys got to
introduce me the girl that booked me on
the show looks at me and goes thanks for
doing the show that was her voice she
had gone through puberty it wasn't a
cartoon I'm so emitter at my head I was
a media like I wonder what it's like to
[ __ ] this chick she was like oh yeah oh
right there Oh perfect
are you hungry he'll bake a cake
something nice at the end everybody was
so nice in that town I can't picture
there's a crime rate I can't make sure
anyone in Saint Cloud Minnesota like
doing an armed robbery on the street
just walking up to a couple with a gun
like okay give me your money and they're
like no oh shucks I'll try elsewhere
sorry about that just got the gun
thought I'd use it
[Music]
[Music]
giraffes talk Azhar may at the matter of
fact giraffes are the tallest animals in
the world male giraffes can grow up to
18 feet tall which means they meet all
the requirements to play in the WNBA
giraffes are larger structured animals
males can reach a maximum weight of four
thousand two hundred and fifty pounds
and females will reach up to two
thousand six hundred pounds which means
they are constantly snacking like the
women from the view
giraffes require over 75 pounds of food
a day similar to the Toyota Prius
giraffes can run as fast as 35 miles an
hour over short distances or cruise at
10 miles per hour over longer distances
although these tall dumb-looking horses
look the same no two giraffes share the
same spot pattern each of the giraffes
patterns are completely unique like a
snowflake or a sexual assault charge
against Phil Crosby no dr. Huxtable
there's not always room for jello as far
as mating rituals go giraffes are really
tough bro
before mating the female giraffe will
first urinate in the male's mouth or as
we know it a Russian bar Shiraz tall
ugly horses that drink each other's piss
remember that the next time you see a
photo of your friend getting licked by
one at your local zoo
[Music]
what is this just this new trend now you
just see these old people tethered to
the machine by that bungee cord
playercard thing it's like you're tying
up an old dog that's at a house or
something here's some nickels we're
gonna plug you in they could have a
heart attack and die and you wouldn't
know it because that bungee cord people
hold them up in the chair the whole time
play nickel slots they have penny slots
have you seen that yeah you know it's
worse than playing penny slots watching
somebody play penny shut
yeah you getting all caught up in the
action oh my god that guy's down like
three dollars how long has he been
playing four hours he's a grinder but
welcome to the the Tropicana - one of
the nicer hotels in casinos on the strip
that's the big trend in Las Vegas people
get rid of the decrepit old hotels and
casinos and then build up those big huge
fancy new you know like the wind which
that's the wrong name for a casino they
left never off the front of that son of
a [ __ ]
lost there but Bellagio even through the
Bellagio that's nice isn't it yeah but
you get the feeling though when you walk
through the Bellagio they have a
different target clientele yeah doesn't
feel like they're looking for the rich
the famous the tuxedo wearing James Bond
gambler and that's great if that's their
target you know the best thing about the
Bellagio is they can't keep out the
riffraff so there's nothing better than
walking through the Bellagio and seeing
that guy with the NASCAR hat and the
Hooters t-shirt it's got that 3-foot
margarita with the big-ass straw walking
around like this man this Bella Gio's
nice it's like the Clampetts go gambling
that's awesome and the three-foot
margarita do you need that yeah when
your beverage has a shoulder strap you
got a 12-step program in your future
[Music]
you
there's a lot of weird [ __ ] going on in
the country right now man and a lot of
comics feel they need to talk about that
but I don't want to talk about that cuz
I feel like we come to comedy shows to
escape that for like an hour at least
right so I don't want to talk about all
the the [ __ ] going on in the country I
want to talk about the classic 1989
Bruce Willis film die hard do you guys
want to talk about die hard with me oh
[Applause]
let me tell you why I hate die hard okay
for those of you who haven't seen it
spoiler alert you had 28 [ __ ] years
to see it I don't feel that bad John
McClane's this New York police officer
he goes over to LA at Christmastime
Nakatomi Plaza trying to save his
marriage right when all of a sudden boom
major terrorist attack so what does John
McClane do he goes directly into cop
mode starts crawling through vents and
[ __ ] and the LAPD shows up they're like
the [ __ ] are you dude and he's like I'm
John McClane NYPD New York New York I'm
a cop
y'all can sit out for this major
terrorist attack I got it under control
Merry Christmas then he kills 11 people
okay that's die hard in a nutshell me
personally I'm a local barista here in
Chicago I went over to LA a couple of
months ago I'm standing in line at a
Starbucks right when all of a sudden
boom minor lunch rush so what do I do
I hop over the counter go into barista
moster pulling espresso shots and [ __ ]
that's when that's when even the shift
manager waddled out what the [ __ ] are
you dude and I said
Jame Gardner Emerald City coffees
Chicago Illinois y'all can sit up for
this minor lunch rush I got it covered
Merry Christmas and they said dude it's
July and then it killed 11 people
[Music]
alcohol is not a new problem for me it
has been dogging me for like a decade
now and this this illustrates it when I
was 20 years old I blacked out drinking
and I fell asleep in my own bed which
should be a safe zone it wasn't this
evening okay
my roommates broke into my room and
shoved a stick of butter down my pants
as weird as [ __ ] that's very weird
that's a weird thing to do and
throughout the night it melted and
congealed and when you wake up in the
morning with no idea of what happened
the night before and you see that you
don't think is that melted congealed
butter that's not the thought the
thought is no what would you do to
yourself
you gotta start taking it easier at
night oh and I did what any of us would
do upon finding that I told nobody about
it I'd say a word and since I didn't
tell anybody about it my roommates were
drunk when they did it to me they didn't
bring it up to me so no one said
anything and I spent eight months of my
life convinced that I had the rarest STD
on the planet positive
because after I got out of the shower
like I take a shower right away and it
also I realized that day that you can
turn a stand up only shower into a sit
down shower if you're sad enough like
you can do it you know cuz that's where
you can hug your whole body is really
tell yourself you're not a bad person
like your mom loves you you know that
your dad might not I got out of that
shame shower and I was like find out
what you have look it up on the internet
Google creamy discharge around the
pelvis oh that's not a thing it doesn't
exist on the Internet okay I'm the first
one with this great patient zero for new
aides awesome spent eight months
thinking I had new aides every morning
waking up be like is it back today I
found out what happened eight months
later eight months when another friend
had passed out at her house and my
roommates are like what what so butter
down his pants and I'm like in the
kitchen like what did you say you're
gonna do what eat it what are you gonna
put it what are you gonna what are you
gonna do to him you're gonna what the
group of butter house pants like to have
you done that before maybe to somebody
in the house does this happen before
somebody made how's it happen and
they're like we did you there was a
while back and I'm just like August 16
2006 is that the date is it cuz I got
marks out of my calendar gang as the day
I contracted new AIDS [ __ ] you man
alright that's my time thanks a lot guys
I got caught shoplifting yeah yeah look
if you do it when you're a little kid
you don't know any better I'm a
middle-aged guy I got caught shop lit I
was at a yard sale there was this really
cool jigsaw puzzle I'm like oh I gotta
have that and it was like ten cents a
dime and I couldn't talk to a woman down
now she was being realistic
now listen they say it's not that I'm
that cheap it's just that on my person I
had seven cents or a couple $20 bills
you're not gonna break it 24 a dime and
walk around with 1990 like a douche you
know I mean the woman running the yard
sale was like 85 years old if she was a
day I'm like she's not even gonna know
what's gone so I'm like oh it's stealing
it and she's like hey where you got with
my jigsaw puzzle I'm like I came with
this [ __ ] and cuz I'm a hi I'm an idiot
let me tell you she was in my face in
two seconds reached out you watch your
mouth boom holy [ __ ]
rang my bell and you know what good for
her that's the thing about the older
generation they will hit no questions
asked
we need to get back to that [ __ ] okay
when you go home tonight if you have
kids there you wake them up [ __ ] hit
him okay
you don't beat them you know what I mean
there's you know there's a big
difference you know they mouth off you
give it a little crack in the windpipe
just a little people complain about the
younger generation being soft it's not
their foster parents if you raise the
Millennial it's your damn fault for
keeping them in car seats for eighteen
years you know I'm saying making them
wear helmets to brush their teeth giving
them a trophy for everything hit up
retro actively hit him
this woman hit me I learned a very very
valuable lesson and this is for real man
when fighting the elderly go for the hip
yeah I took this [ __ ] out no one's
business just I'm kidding I worked out a
payment plan whether to more payments
and all that puzzle
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm getting the iPhone are they I'm
gonna get the iPhone not cuz I'm like a
crazy Apple fan I'm just more of a fan
of the Apple ads than I am of the Droid
ads you know like the Apple eyes are fun
and nice you know they create this world
you want to be a part of it's like do -
hey Siri I'm getting married in a week
we're gonna get tux did you hey Dan
basis it's down the block
congratulations dudu thanks Siri did you
Oh Dan there's a Thai restaurant next
door can Michelle some chicken satay
it's her favorite to do good call sorry
to do Oh Dan you might want to be buying
for three to do Michelle's pregnant to
do here's the ultrasound holy [ __ ]
amazing
Siri just told me my wife is pregnant
right the Droid ads are creating a very
different world right you watch those
ads I feel like I'm being roofied and
molested by a robot droid it's like a
like a dark alley there's like tires
burning in the background
ninja runs across the screen like are
you ready I'm sorry am i ready for what
shut up [ __ ] face you're not ready did
you just call me a [ __ ] face spread
your ass cheeks open here comes the
droid genocide ass I don't think I want
this phone you up though choice yes
you're adopted
hey y'all my cousin bill he told me he's
going New York to do some play I asked
him what the [ __ ] do I know about motion
pictures and he said I get all free
booze I want and they got me some
popcorn Sutton Tennessee white whiskey
so I figured what the [ __ ] let's do it
so I built why are you swishing around
in boystown with all the sodomites from
New York y'all stuck with me I want to
talk about the movie I saw Andrews gay
science fiction meets reality when
aliens attack and try to take over the
world but enough about the people
outside of Home Depot bill taught me
that style of joke so enter is about
this cute little girl named enter with
pre blue eyes and you supple cherry red
lip what where the [ __ ] meeting a
girl hey he was real pretty anyway enter
so he's young boy he's really smart and
[ __ ] government they stick little NSA
Obamacare chip beggars Nick they can
watch them feel around his Atari now
some of the older kids don't like how
good he is they're spoiled loses it
they're fixing beat him up now it turns
out Han Solo's in the film he's retired
from Star Wars he's got endurance or
some sort of like Catholic priest webcam
and Han Solo season B's kids up he likes
the way that scoring some big smash that
kids hit him so he goes his parents
house he says hey I like the way your
son smash that sumbitch head in it was
like my office steps on that
[ __ ] he couldn't beat up a
two-year-old girl i pitted them against
one once it didn't work out and solar
takes dogs and her down to flight school
shut the [ __ ] up dog I call my dog dog
and this where movie gets skirt cuz that
schools feel blacks and minorities I
think Bahama hearts are behind this
behind by a bummer there's even anyone
teach them how to fight war games see I
want them seven living accents if I was
there I'd be like Mickey I'll sloppy
[ __ ] I did
kicked out certainly I can't go back
there no more turns out elders a crested
military genius just like a doll adult
people can be sometimes in there he's
fighting space bugs now here's another
bug and they all operate a hive and
that's why I realized the aliens nothin
but goddamn communist think about it
Mother Russia mother bug that's right
that's why I realized and it was gonna
win because he is an American a creative
individual things for himself like Biggs
with Franklin George Washington Donald
Trump Guy Fieri so of course he takes
advantage of out dummies comedy some
[ __ ] are and he wins a game but a
hand soul says hi enter that she won a
game you as commander whole Starfleet
and you actually killed an entire bug
planted surprised what people do behind
closed doors their business my guy say
this movie does have a little bit of a
gay agenda to it think about a bunch of
well-dressed future man recruit bunch of
young boys like dangerous game zoom not
for nothing by bet you that Orson Welles
car guy [ __ ] he probably likes play
games with fillers and other fillers
ends you know I mean I mean he's
probably guy's name is ender good that
his name was blame or to be the blame
game movie I wrote that one myself
I said his basketball coach in Texas
right they used to always be in trouble
with the law but he would never tell you
what he was in trouble for he would give
you bits and clues like bits and pieces
you had to figure it out we go play a
game right you know people like that we
go play a game he's like everybody get
in here listen sitting in listen up to
her shoes we're about to go play Dunbar
now when we get there we win we go to
playoffs now it's gonna be a lot of news
crews that reporters gonna ask a lot of
questions I'm gonna let you know
something I never touched that little
girl everybody went on through he was
sure to practice like an hour late like
ah everybody huddle up
Jesus rumors listen you're gonna go home
tonight and watch 60 minutes II tried to
tell you I slept one of your teammates I
never kissed Matthew landlines everybody
let's go he hated me he used to be like
I'm gonna be honest with you guys if you
want to be successful it's got to go
basketball God then your family you got
to put basketball I love God I tell my
wife all the time it goes basketball God
family then you if something happens to
my family I slide you right up she lit
up leaving him right and she knows
somebody with hurts from her job he's
like hey listen she left she's no more
he still goes basketball God cocaine
cocaine than you look what time we lost
a game he's like he was pissed at me
like Sydney you [ __ ] suck all right
like no I don't yes I'll tell you truth
we only [ __ ] need you you're not that
good man affecting go stars the [ __ ]
then you the [ __ ] dies we start you
right up
Oh
good evening a little out of breath I
have to be honest walking up on the
stage
anybody else out of shape come on it's a
walk in here
about half of you you need the most out
of shape people in the world are I
figure this out are those cooking show
chefs right because they don't move much
noise snacking you know and you can tell
that a shape to you because they mic him
right here you know you can hear out of
shape they are gonna be cooking the Vic
okay now we're gonna cut up some
zucchini now we're gonna dice up some
and you can see many white garden breaks
you meter whatever tomatoes you're next
you're next text that to someone when
you get home late at night time over
there lost your number too and it just
comes up your next number
I was hanging out with my uncle's friend
the other day you guys ever hang out at
my uncle's friend he's one of these
dudes who's a he's a fun guy
he's just uh as my these guys is just
like he's just overexcited about
mediocre food you know like we went to
Denny's you know and he was like the
whole time he's like this is excellent
what do you call I don't that's moons
over my hammy oh this is Axl what are
you called like well you're just eating
mayonnaise at this time it's creamy
I don't like listening to the radio in
general because it's not for me it was
like I appreciate a little Wayne but
what do I have in common with this dude
I'm a grown man for first why's a grown
man I'm annoyed I got a call another
grown man little anything you know like
you know just call you Wayne Maddow
we've known each other long enough him
pay taxes you're not little anymore then
on top of that this do with skyline you
know look at how a dress like we're
close to finish certain ways dudes
wearing skinny jeans put aside the wire
men wearing skinny jeans fellas stop do
women do you like guys and skinny jean
that no woman fellas look if you wear
skinny jeans die and I mean that in the
most positive cuz I think I just want to
say how you'd be a heterosexual male
trying to approach a woman and you have
camel toe - hey what's up oh it's
poppin' hi hi you can't see my veins
through my jeans huh you see I got a V
you see yes yeah I have a yeast
infection right now yes I did as you met
Lil Wayne man I was I was flattered I
met Wayne at a JFK Airport but at the
beginning yeah I was flying out there
and it was crazy it hit me um while
you're talking that if uh if Lil Wayne
if there's no music playing I I don't
know what he's saying you know cuz he
has such a distinctive voice you know I
mean you know you get hungry you get the
hunger pains your stomach where that's
little Wayne's voice
ah you ready
he wasn't full of yo my bad y'all use a
real buddy dude I like the room Wow
I'm looking for some time slow down
though I'm just trying to keep upping
nowadays you want to be a singer here's
what you do be redundant you know if you
repeat something up it becomes
infectious cuz think about how many
times you've heard a song you can't
stand what you've heard it a thousand
times
gah gah gah gah dude wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle
chopper look at hi I'm John I'm an item
I'm Anna what's gonna I'm Nana what's
gonna happen to me uh Donna seemed like
all the Rihanna songs are just a bunch
of vowels strung together
I love you bye-bye
yeah I'm Dean it was me I'll be cool
you
a lot of people criticize that the
immigrants that we don't like try to
embrace this new culture you know like
so people so like you you don't even try
to embrace American culture so I'll be
trying really like I sent a dick pic the
other day yeah it's kind of like you
know the flag the anthem to take biggest
part of the same trilogy of American
culture and I just get offended at all
no it's true like it's not a good idea
I think it's not a great idea because I
mean you guys ever try this is so sad
it would you see you're taking a screen
kind of the same feeling when you hear
your own voice in a voice message you
know your brains like that's me
we need that person the whole time no
one's called me
sad it's sad
and then a tendency to a girl and I mean
I mean this is story like she was asked
me for this I was like I don't want to
do this I say I just went to Google yes
and I and I found it dig online and I
send it to this girl and she was okay
whatever and we keep talking and then
she asked me for another picture of my
date I was like damn now I need to find
a dick that resemble the one that I
already sent so went back to Google like
normal sized a nor'wester Lighting's I
was trying to find the same environment
or today you know got to be realistic so
is there for hours
I was like this is this Adam I'm gonna
I'm gonna tell her the truth so I went
back to my phone I was like I'm gonna
tell you the truth I have this weird
kind of STD that make my dick change
every five seconds and I said five
different random dicks
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
my mom is the only person I know will
threaten you with her Jesus if you're a
Christian like your salvations must be a
gift of blessing something to share you
don't threat she was like first of all
look girl don't piss me off let me tell
you something if I didn't know Jesus I
was set this whole Walmart on fire okay
you mother Wow let me take you know what
handle chill which one you won't talk to
me huh hello Jeb you calm about Miss
evil is that my mama's the lyrics too so
she's trying out the curse but she's
done so she cured by it she has an
acronym for all her favorite curse words
so instead of saying BITC a she be like
birds in the chicken house Merson the
chicken house every Sunday when his
plural instead of saying SH I see she
was like sugar honey iced tea
y'all need to spray up in here smell
like sugar honey iced tea up in this
bird to chicken house I can't breathe
instead of saying F uck if you like I
don't give a flying a Chinese kick
what's going on it smelled like sugar
honey iced tea y'all need to spray up in
this bird to chicken house Pamela jam
which one you won't talk to me
my mama's hysterical and it's so funny
like my mama's biggest fear for me to
blow up at Mary white woman I should
watch a lot of those little ATVs and I
you know she see a lot of celebrities
like black you know famous like me and
white women but she never want to say it
out loud like she didn't directly say
she would like let me take some baby I
want some grandbabies real soon but let
me put it to you like this you can marry
whoever you want to but listen if she
can't use my comb don't bring it home
I'm like
all I'm saying is if she can't do it
electric slap she ain't coming inside
let me put it to you like this if she
think Oh J did it I can't get with it
I'm like mama my dad is the layers do my
dad is what I call a functional
alcoholic anybody know people like that
oh yeah
basically their job is to be an actor
holic at every family function and ruin
all the home sweet home home is one step
at a time
like Mike and his people he bragged
about drinking I'm like dad why you
drink so much why I drink so much [ __ ]
cuz I can I'm your daddy you ain't my
daddy you don't tell me what to do you
know I drink so much
liquors delicious Lucy is delicious you
got to be a special kind of alcoholic
they gin and whiskey is tasty it hands
down my dad is the funniest person in my
life if you ever get a chance please sit
down and listen to an old black man talk
cuz they don't talk like regular people
they talk in riddles and parables like a
pill or a prophet like you gotta decode
what they saying I'm like that what's
goin on a little bit of nothing and a
whole lot everything ain't none jumping
with the peas in the pot wouldn't be
jumping at the water wasn't hot
shoot up a bit ago can make it tied to a
tree huh I'm gonna be alright
liquors deliciously would you stop
saying that what does that mean yeah
true story my dad got a DUI on the front
porch
I can t make this up people too
so my dad was leaving the club drunk
drunk right the police was following him
home he ignored the flashing lights
drove all the way home got out the car
ran to touch the front door like it was
home baseline made high five to slow
made at home that's my time y'all ronzi
god bless you
women y'all can go out with each other
and don't even need a man that's a good
night yeah you dance with each other if
you see two guys dancing with each other
that's a bad week first of all I asked
another guy to dance you know you can't
walk up to somebody in a club today
excuse me doc that's my song women all
y'all have to do is put y'all's anthem
on I Will Survive I don't care where you
from what country whatever every woman
in here know the words in that song I
Will Survive song start out nice buzz
violet it's a violent song you ever
listen to the words first I was afraid I
was petrified kept thinking I could
never live without you by my side but
then I spent so many nights thinking how
you did me wrong and I grew strong and I
learned how to get along and now you're
back whoa whoa whoa whoa Oh that's where
the [ __ ] go bad right there
flashback time guys we don't have a song
we connect with we got songs like baby
come back CeeLo tried to help us he came
out that song I see you driving round
town with the girl I love I'm like I
guess the change in my pocket wasn't
enough I'm like this guy seen here what
the [ __ ] is going on here [ __ ] you [ __ ]
you that's a song by CeeLo yeah he's
like oolacile oh that's J Lo's brother
JLo
but I had dreams though when I was in
high school I wanted to be a DJ on the
radio so after I graduated I I went out
to chase the dream and I thought my
first job in the industry would be like
in a big rock station playing van Halen
drinking Mountain Dew all day living the
rock and roll dream that was not the
case my first job was at a little AM
station in rural Georgia playing North
Georgia's best southern gospel yeah
playing all the hits the florida melody
boys the Gaither family trio the gospel
holy rollers all the classics that you
know and love and this was a really
small little hometown station had a real
small signal only went out in the little
area that we were in only had a few
hundred listeners all little old ladies
none of which younger than 87 years old
and I worked the morning shift Monday
through Friday 6:00 to 11:00 in the
morning and 6:00 to 10:00 I played the
jams but at 10 o'clock I stopped playing
the music and I started hosting the
party line now what the party line was
it was a chance for all the little old
ladies who listened to our station a
chance for them to call in be on the air
and wish each other a good day that's it
that's the whole premise of the party
line that's all you're getting am 1178
Dave time for the party line seven seven
oh eight eight nine eleven seventy call
Awad you're on the party line hey Dave
this is anthems first-time caller
longtime listener and I just want to
wish my sister-in-law bernice thompson a
good day she gets out of the hospital
this morning from her surgery with the
gout and I know she's listening and I
want to wish her a good day and
everybody else a good day and I want to
wish you a good day Dave all right Ethel
thanks for checking in we're rocking on
the party line keep in mind I was a 19
year old metalhead the only two things I
cared about were guns and Pantera so
trying to connect with these old people
was quite a challenge and bless their
hearts some of these people didn't even
know how to operate a phone they didn't
understand the concept if you call in I
put you on hold to put you on the air
you do your thing at least once a day
I'd put a caller live on the air they'd
be midway through a conversation
next caller you're on the party line
then you mix that with 3/4 of a cup of
heavy whipping cream and two pounds of
frozen strawberries and it's pretty much
the best strawberry shortcake I've ever
had holy [ __ ] anonymous old lady thanks
for calling whatever she said right on
this was a program specifically designed
for old people which was sweet but just
once I wish somebody in their 30s or 40s
would have called in just to break up
the monotony that would have been nice
for me next caller you're on the party
line hey Dave what's up this is Mike
just want to wish my buddy Carl a good
day he's about to fail a piss test
pretty sure his trucks about to get
repo'd and we're also kind of have a
hint that he's his girlfriend's banging
his cousin so I know he's listening I
want to wish him a good day everybody
else a good day and all day when you get
a chance if you could repeat that recipe
I just packed the bowl that strawberry
shortcake sounds pretty badass
rock on
[Applause]
I think guys just girls based on her age
a lot it's not right what we do it it's
not right but what I recently beautiful
[Music]
elderly chef fake boobs it's all mine
look model a fake a real look them all a
prop was she must got hers with me first
came out Oh San throwbacks hashtag TPT's
I'm talking about 200 cc's of oak right
is so hard a second away elbows and what
time in beginning I tried to motorboat
[Laughter]
when I finally came to wait what
happened my tubes
Hey it was weird two members of my
temperature did not match her boob
temperature know your body's heat it you
know did was cold at nighttime sounds
gonna be chosen which Oh gonna spoon me
right a shower spool me but felt like an
actual cold food in my back
girls will you please put some socks
oh my life mouth I mean where's good
bugger recently she um she got hurt her
who'll peers who that and she would like
sometimes I guess that thing would give
her like her these random like small
sporadic it spontaneously a little
orgasms it's your brag about it like
Jackson don't you wish you could get its
one thing these organs you know like
hell no girl get orgasm they never no no
at least I never know let the dude open
the friends basketball door me
[Laughter]
quit quit we are all playing on one side
white Nikes tied by unite I guess great
I'm Jackson McQueen
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of girls are here man it's kind of
cool like uh uh I don't go to clubs you
know it's not my thing it's very
difficult for me to go to clubs and try
to make it happen you understand late
yeah you probably make it happen to the
club black guys do really well at the
club it's the truth man to hit the dance
floor no matter what they do it's
brilliant God whatever he does like oh
my God look how's what he's a great
dancer like are you kidding me
yeah I never get it and I'm a terrible
dancer like I'm just not good at dancing
cool you understand like every time I
want to act cool it's really not cool
like I never forget I really want them I
wanted to impress this girl I was
dancing with her and I was really
getting into it I was like yeah and I'm
really good and she starts laughing and
I'm like all right she thinks that I'm
not serious let me get more into it you
know I really want the oppressor so I
got into it I just I was going with the
beat and then she started laughing out
loud in my face and I stepped like [ __ ]
I'm serious
this is all I got I mean how do you do
that any nurses this really hurt my
feelings I can't win at the club and the
crew can see girls they got it made in
the club does it really the clubs are
designed clubs are designed for women
and for men it's just it's a place you
go so you feel like a failure you
understand your walk in the club see
girls walking like oh my god I'm just
wanna dance me just on the dance we can
never do that
I never have alone with my friend hey
what do you wanna do tonight let's go
dance dude I know we never have that
moment ever you understand it doesn't it
doesn't occur to us in that way but
girls like oh my god we just want to
dance with each other with each other we
just want to dance with each other then
why did you come out of public stay in
your living room and dance in your house
why are you out here we paid cover
charge it cost me a fortune to be here
right now we just want to dance with
each other no that's not allowed there
should be a law there should be a law
passed by the Congress and if you go to
the club at least for like 10 minutes
all right without laughing the guys face
you dance with them
let me tell you something man like pick
III just is this uh I learned this line
is great okay guys if your feeling is
really really hurt and the girls like
really mean to you and she's scratching
you everywhere like you're like bleeding
in your that situation yeah I want this
one girls like would you like a dance
like la girls are crazy
no no I was like whoa whoa I don't think
you heard me right I didn't say dance I
said you look really fat no pants yeah
yeah we got way into that one ruther hey
follow me on twitter at max comedian did
you hear me at max comedian serious time
so basically you know I've been hosting
this talent show called collaboration
country and we've had all different
types of performers over the years you
know we've had Asian trappers come out
but the thing is Asians are so quiet and
self-conscious you know and we don't
really participate we've had Asian
rappers coming down like put your hands
up put your hands up put your hands up
sometimes we don't have a single hand in
the air you know we've got shows with
2,000 people if you do it
keeping hands down your one two three to
the boat domitius briefing you knows
about your hands and those down a site
that's what I know your feel about Rob
when I do nothing you do nothing
[Applause]
[Music]
I tricked my girlfriend into a
relationship she didn't want to be with
me at all
no no like no girl that's like almost
30s like oh yeah you're gonna be a comic
that's a good decision for me
let's it's gettin a relationship with
that I tricked her I swear when he got a
gym membership that's how I do it I
always start off with a gym membership
figure if I can lose weight no way
chicks can resist me [ __ ] hate the
gym hate that place always lying to the
elliptical about my weight I don't know
why it's just trying to help me no
reason to lie to it and at first you
know you put in all this effort and
stuff like I remember at first my
girlfriend would be like every date with
you is like an adventure I never know
what you're gonna do every date with you
so fun and different I can tell you put
so much thought and energy into these
dates you're not like those other guys
you know just taking me out trying to
get me drunk and sleep with me now
you're different she had no idea that
every single one of our dates was just a
daily deal on Groupon yeah every single
[ __ ] day she's like oh my god we're
getting our teeth won you're so
spontaneous yeah daddy [ __ ] loves you
we are going to get those teeth one best
thing to have in a dating I never have
to think anymore I swear I get that text
message want to hang out tonight
sure what do you want to do I don't know
what do you want to do because girls
have no [ __ ] input
how does couples hair removal sound
she's Persian she needs it
don't worry she's not here I can say
what I want
okay man kids you love the kids are
expensive though man people put pressure
on me financial pressure with my son are
you saving up for his college yet I'd be
paid for my college man are you kidding
me I'm gonna to walk them up through the
financial aid line who the people I
still know I got tapped all right we're
good yeah no turns out I am Alive like a
totally different boy boy my son with
the college the other day but I say let
my own student loans who pay
while the checks in the mail and the
bills are due the interest on my loans
continues to accrue when you catching up
that I don't know when but when we file
in chapter 10 the phone it occurred to
me my boy makes more than me Wow
Telegraph right there Oh family here you
guys are you grown kids or you I can't
like you have to come in this book right
you got me 20 21 all right okay and you
still living at home though oh oh you're
out your other good my wife I'm staying
there forever you kidding me I know it
give Taurus when I see it
I'm gonna milk this baby smart kid right
there the world sometimes the world
sends him back the universe like the
universe kept the receipt this one's not
ready yet people that moved back home
later and later in life - I don't even
know the rules are anymore I'm happy
think about call my mom please give it a
shot hey mama take me to the kill the
kids move back my old bedroom mama
should probably be like you know we'd
love to hunt but we're moving in with
grandpa grandma next week my wife wants
the kids to go off to college that is
her goal get them out of the house out
no stay stay don't leave me alone with
her the blame pool it's already showing
up that's gonna suck did you eat all the
chips I had some of the chips
some of the kids you know it's just us
right well then ask guilty another cold
case file saw I won't rerun the DNA we
got a hot lead on that Wacom holder case
- my wife's the brains of the operation
man she got straight A's in high school
I just barely barely made it out you
know and now my kids are like you know
they're not doing too well either
that's funny cuz you want your kids to
be just like you right until they are
greatest hits me high school high school
me my son brought home report card and
my wife just stared at it for like five
minutes she handed me she's like what
happened here and my chip off the old
blocks what happened that's not a report
card that's a paternity test she
actually wanted me to talk to the kids
about their grades like I'm the right
messenger for that like I got back
raised but I'm not scared straight story
this is what I do for a living good
money to tell jokes what can I say you
better get those grades up you wanna end
up like me working you're up to an hour
a night
until noon but not happening boss free
drinks everywhere you go the love and
applause of total strangers every night
is that what you want I'd be like yeah
hey that one that by studying calculus
[Music]
I've traveled all over this country and
I found out that Los Angeles is the only
place with billboards for STD's Thanks
that's just us here it's like watch this
buy this go get checked you [ __ ] pig
this that's what we've got theirs they
don't even make sense half the time
there's one for HIV it's just a girl and
her doctor and it says trust matters no
trust is what you have HIV
that's it should say trust matters that
would be more correct I don't even know
what they were going for was that the
doctor and the doctors like trust you
got AIDS this is whatever I do think
Trust is important when you're gonna
sleep with someone I was about to have a
one-night stand with a girl we're
getting undressed and she looked at me
and she's like hey just so you know I'm
clean and in my head I was like oh cool
I am too but out loud I was just like
cool and then she's still slept with me
and that's a lot of trust I would have
enquired further cool is that a medical
diagnosis can you show that to me on a
piece of paper from a doctor list I
don't trust anyone I'm having a
one-night stand with I've had
girlfriends I couldn't trust what makes
you so special place no no one's ever
been lied to
but dating is difficult we heard all the
time I think I figured out why people
say dating is difficult and I think it's
because people don't know what the hell
they're actually looking for I talked to
a buddy he's like I know exactly what I
want a girl it's like I just want a girl
who's super horny and wants to get high
all the time and play video games I was
like oh you're you're looking for a 13
year old boy but I'm just describe to me
to a tee
he was like oh gross I'm not gay I'm
like what that's not the bad part of
what I just told you I'm hanging a
tension
it's very homophobic sentiment you guys
ever met someone who's so homophobic
they can't answer a hypothetical
question truthfully like a sir would you
suck a dick for a million dollars the
answer's yes I realize your shirt says
no but the answer is absolutely yes it's
like what makes you better than every
girl in here right now who's done it for
significantly less that's feminism
that's good
I think the hardest part of our second I
think four million dollars is just
coming to terms with that's probably the
best thing you're gonna do with your
life
no one's ever met an oil tycoon and he's
like well the way I made my first
million I've got the scars on my knees
to prove look if you don't take that
money you're gonna be at your shitty job
ten years down the line just [ __ ]
ringing people up like Boop god I wish I
sucked that day
god I wish I suck that dick Boop
god I wish I suck and that's way gayer
that's just suck the dick get your money
and get out the game
[Music]
I get in fights with people sometimes I
got in a fight with my uncle recently
because he became a conspiracy theorist
recently yuck I didn't know I found out
quick because I talked them for more
than five seconds they're not as subtle
people those conspiracy theorists and
doesn't matter what you say they're
gonna hook you into conspiracies it's a
beautiful day outside would be if the
clouds were real okay good lord look at
what happens Jesus so his his thing was
aliens apparently you guys there's
aliens here and the government is drawn
Keith Dale it's from a watch government
right all the aliens here's the thing I
have no issue with anybody believing
there's aliens there could be an
obviously men in black like fun things
sure I'm in may aliens I can't tell you
they aren't here what I can tell you for
sure is that if there are aliens here
the government should definitely not
tell us we can't handle Justin Bieber
that's one Canadian I haven't heard one
rational discussion about him yet think
we'd handle aliens we can't handle
Mexicans they come from a couple hundred
miles away I can't turn on the news and
hear people fighting about them do you
thinks that's gonna come from another
galaxy get a job at Walmart and Fox News
isn't gonna flip a [ __ ]
yeah auntie jump for an Earthling that's
an Earthling job right there
MSNBC's just crying just like we're not
being nice enough to that we need to be
that easy CNN's like does this explain
that Malaysian plane because they're
always going to bring a back to the
Malaysian plane that's what they do
it's what they do there this is just on
the job front I'll do more are they
letting it dry or they let the boat rep
teach them English who does that
teachers who's gonna pay for that
not my tax dollars what I was wanted
dude probably from Florida [ __ ] one of
them now we're over here now we're in
this discussion
you ready America are you allowed to
[ __ ] an alien is that okay is it
bestiality is it gay it's got three
vaginas for five chicks cells go to me
it's Adam and Eve not having and then
we're in that room
I'm not doing it not doing it
so yeah let me tell you something about
me I guess because I have a microphone
I'm a brown person two types of brown my
dad's Indian and my mom is Iranian so
technically I'm Pakistani if you don't
get that joke look at a globe because
it's hilarious I don't do anything scary
when I go to the airport but I do like
to see how far I can walk away from my
luggage that's a fun game my record
right now five gates single if it's
single for the last year and a half now
because I'm still sleeping with my
ex-girlfriend and I don't want to mess
that up I used to have sex Indian style
that's when you're wearing socks and
sandals and your parents are in the
other room
it's better than Iranian style which is
you're wearing socks and sandals your
parents are in the other room and
they're offering you fruit so I'm single
my mom's single my dad's single we're
all on tinder I super liked my mom
yesterday we're going out tomorrow to
catch poke my sister's married though
she married a Peruvian Indian she's
Indian Persian so their babies are going
to be medium spicy if you've never been
to an Indian wedding before wear
comfortable shoes they're five days long
if you need to know how to dance an
Indian wedding there's three moves I'm
going to teach it to you right now first
one is your shoulders which is the are
you hungry
I guess I'm hungry well let's go find
some food
second ones your head nod which is the
Oh beautiful people over there
Oh beautiful people over there the last
ones your hands which is that are my
hands clean my hands are clean are my
hands clean my hands are clean and they
just combine it and then boom you're
India thank you
well it's a new year guys and you know
what I always say new year new
toothbrush and you know what
thank you as you can see I'm trying to
take back bowl Street with my hair I I'm
bald with a ponytail that's right guys
it's a weird look I can run any ferris
wheel in the country right now but the
minute I get on they call the cops
thank you guys what's been happening
lately okay sir you're a scientist help
me out on this this is the MOT this is
the Inca apocalypse everyone something
is going on with the Incans being
Carians the Mayans Mayans Incans it
really doesn't matter can't they just
settle it at the chalupa anyway I travel
a lot guys yeah I'm a little bitter I
know what to tell you I want to go see
the girl with the dragon something
whatever that is skank but I'll tell you
know let's get to it i watch a lot of
television reality TVs hoarders do you
watch the show you do I can't stop
watching it because I can't find my
remote under a pile of dead cats some of
these write themselves
orgasms so different for men than they
are women so [ __ ] rent our bodies are so
different my friend called me this girl
called me she was excited because her
boyfriend gave her an orgasm she said oh
my god he found my spot look at dumb
flat of her mouth and Coldplay started
playing like it was a moment you know as
a moment we all felt I started thinking
about how easy it like women have it so
easy sexually like where's a man's spot
it's as dick right simple simple you'll
never see a guy be like no just the top
just up here
no slower faster now look at me look
away now look back that'll never happen
you can squirt it with a squirt gun
punch it yell at it will calm it's not
[ __ ] all women women are all like little
vaginas snowflakes a little Rubik's
cubes and you're all [ __ ] print
everyone is different you got to crack
that code look at goddamn Nintendo
that's how we feel like baby is it up
down left right up down left right B a B
a select star popped right left right up
down up down left right
[Applause]
you
I'm from Brooklyn New York we other
folks here from New York yeah this
sounds so excited about it holy [ __ ] and
we're not talking to you tough guy
New York is the only place in the whole
world where you can overhear a
conversation between two men and nothing
is said all right have you ever seen a
Frankie I'm a bad guy I spoke to the
other day about that thing that we were
talking about when he said that he knew
what's-his-name from the joint over
there well I spoke to you know who it
turns out you don't know nothing and
then they wonder why it takes the FBI 10
years to catch these guys doing
something I was gonna be a cop in New
York but I was too honest during the
interview they said so mr. Mulrooney
tell us in your own words why he'd like
to be a police officer in the city of
New York I said for the same reason as
all my other friends so I can drink and
drive I'm gonna be able to make u-turns
on a Brooklyn Bridge [ __ ] you I'm on a
job cops in New York are the best Oh cuz
if it didn't happen in front of them
didn't happen right you could be driving
your car 80 miles an hour
backward in a school yard for the
handicapped during recess shooting a gun
from the window with a nun lash to the
roof rack of the car cotton bro gonna be
a you tell lights out
we get that fixed set to $30 fine how
about a jacket for the Mother Superior
she looks a little chilly up there you
know what I'm talking about
I also lived in LA all the cops in LA
look good is anyone anyone from Los
Angeles area
yeah whereabouts we're from Glendale
okay someone else LA what's that chalice
I go don't just wake him up out of a
coma I was having a big drink and I
heard my hometown somebody yell it out I
thought I was getting a ride
I can't drive after drinking one of this
say routes out South's Angeles are you a
gangbanger with a lisp what the [ __ ] was
that
don't make me ask you can't be gangster
with a lisp dude I'm sorry I bust the
cap in your ass
[Laughter]
that's right bring it on what the [ __ ]
I'm not afraid
[Laughter]
that's [ __ ] funny I just thought of
that oh my god I got a wrote write that
one down
laugh it up YT laugh it up its Newman
from Seinfeld ladies and gentlemen area
is right there stand up so if he won't
get him back and see there there is
Newman everyone there he is go ahead
come over here and [ __ ] him up kick his
ass go ahead now I'm turning him into
Elmer Fudd
[Music]
I dated a hood rat that was fun what's
up Palmdale and uh I'm not saying
everybody there's a hood rat but that's
where she lived and and I'm trying to be
a good guy I take her to a really fancy
restaurant in Beverly Hills very nice
steak house you you know I didn't have
to but I did I'm trying to be a
gentleman and and win with the
restaurant I don't you know I I didn't
want her to feel comfortable because I
know she's never been there before so
I'm being I'm being a gentleman like
would you like me to order for you she's
like I could read like okay shy girl
read away got like four kids I don't
think that [ __ ] was shy but anyway so
she's got the menu she's like hmm hmm
for my entry
and then well maybe there's a typo on
the menu you know for my entry I can't
decide between the two different fishes
I don't know if I should get the Salomon
what's a Salomon is that a Jewish fish
what's a Salomon or the filet mignon let
me get the Salomon - better fish so the
waiter is like what you the waiters like
would you like a vegetable she's like
I'll have the asperatus I'm like what
the hell was that some kind of asthma
what's an aspirin try grab the menu like
it's asparagus pendeja Fergus oh you're
making me look stupid right now see like
what looks can be conceiving can I be
honest out of Google that I wasn't sure
she was writing it so she orders
asperatus and uh a large glass of
marlott with extra eyes and I'm thinking
I should have taken this chick to
sizzler as I screwed a lot I shot the
guy shot overboard on this I went
overboard so like for 10 minutes we're
not even talking I'm so embarrassed
right just poor poor waiter probably
thinks he's on Punk'd right now he piped
his he's on a show what would you do you
know what would you do the hood rat came
to your restaurant you know what would
you - so finally he comes over he brings
a salad or any good let's get this over
with right so it brings a salad over he
asked her would you like pepper she's
like is it free he's like yes the pepper
is free so here's a pen yes a pepper
shaker rising
this [ __ ] loved pepper what my dude
that's enough that's enough so he walks
away she's like stupid he couldn't get
it open
like shoes all wet
uh I grew up on a farm in Wisconsin I'm
a farm boy thank you yes
so when I moved to when I moved to
Chicago everybody my hometown was so
afraid for me right just like aren't you
afraid I was like of what it's like I'm
being murdered so I had to remind them
that my bedroom you stole her like a
cornfield there's nothing [ __ ]
scarier than that are you kidding me
i sat on the set of Texas Chainsaw
Massacre for 18 years right Southside
Chicago has nothing
unlike the dead children they were
running outside every night come play
with us Darrell oh my god the thing is
I'm gonna I'm gonna be just open with
you guys thing is I had to sleep in that
bedroom during my pubescent years I
don't know if any of you fellas I've
ever had to masturbate afraid before
[Laughter]
it's not that bad you just try nice
change of pace to be honest as it is I I
really was petrified in my group of my
room growing up like I thought there was
a ghost in there it got to the point
where I had to tell my mom and dad about
this well okay I only told my mom
because my dad Artie had a pretty long
list of reasons why I was a [ __ ]
already so that what Casper added that
list so I went to trust the old mom and
I was like mom I swear I hate sleeping
in my bedroom I think it's haunted I
think there's a ghost up there and here
is their advice to me she goes you know
Daryl even if there is a ghost in your
bedroom it's probably just your
grandmother watching over you
I don't know if you fellas ever
[ __ ] your Instagram while
they're watching over you but it's not
that bad it's weird one we're getting
weird early sorry
no III was described a long enough now
but like when I go home I start to like
pick up on phrases that they say in
small towns that they don't say in
Chicago like they always say in small
towns can you believe it to a bunch of
[ __ ] that you could totally believe like
every time I go home my dad's like
they're all this weather can you believe
it yes every time my girl call me she
goes Daryl your cousin she had a baby
it's a girl can you believe it it's a
50-50 chance you're a grandma yeah
[ __ ] believe it
right so my idea going forward is I'm
gonna start telling people
unbelievable [ __ ] that actually happened
to me so they know what the bar is going
forward is that it makes sense okay so
here is an example uh a few weeks ago
right here at the world-famous Laugh
Factory I got done doing my set and I
walked back into the bar and a girl
grabbed me by the arm when I was walking
by and she goes hey just so you know I'm
a pumpkin pounder okay like everyone in
this audience I'd never heard that
[ __ ] phrase before either okay
no one knows what a pumpkin pounder is
so she told me to google it which I did
and it turns out ladies and gentlemen
there's a population of women that
prefer to have sex with redheads we did
it
we finally did it we probably got a
group where the [ __ ] are they my school
that would have been nice
any hi any pumpkin Potter's ah Jesus hey
is he okay
[Applause]
it's fine I'll sleep with you okay any
other pumpkin bags in the house huh
wow this is this is nice typically it's
always just a dude okay so obviously I
had to give this lunatic woman my number
right so I want to see what other crazy
[ __ ] she was into right so I gave her my
number and the very next night she
texted me and I was watching a horror
movie and she said what are you doing
and I said I'm watching a horror movie
right and she said is there any nudity
in it kind of a weird question right and
I responded there is it's like but it's
a horror movie and it was a bunch of
dead chicks weird response by me I
understand this so she said are you into
that because if you are if you come over
to my apartment right now I will lay in
a bathtub full of ice until you get here
and then you can just have sex my cold
body
thank you thank you okay see like now
that is unbelievable right that's the
new bar grandma we [ __ ] up I know [ __ ]
up so my dad is right I am I'm a pretty
big [ __ ] but I reached a new level that
I never thought that I would be able to
obtain and I'm not telling you it's it's
super embarrassing I was I was walking
downtown Chicago and I was walking
side-by-side with some like businessman
and he had he had a cold he was snuff on
and what he did was he let out like the
most spit he spit the most spit I've
ever seen it all just landed right here
on the old side right it's like I stock
he stops we look at each other and I
just went whoops
and that guy just got to go on with his
[ __ ] day right we'll see I was it's
like I'm theory I'm in the moment I'm
mad at myself and I just like I was
stewing over that's like [ __ ] whoops
like that's all you have a good [ __ ]
so all I wanted was Redemption it's like
wanting to fight someone or yell at
someone so a couple days later I'm in a
bar and I'm standing by Kapua table and
a couple guys were playing pool and they
were getting kind of flimsy with their
sticks and a guy hit me pretty hard in
the back with this pool stick so I was
like okay it's go time here Daryl this
is your chance right so I turn around we
make eye contact he looks at me I look
at him and he goes whoops so I spit on
his [ __ ] leg
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so yeah I'm from Chicago we got that we
got the Bulls all right nice a lot of
fans a lot of fans
I like the Bulls though regardless if
you like basketball or not the Bulls
have a scary nickname you know like a
bowl like that's scary and I like to
imagine that the coaches throughout the
years for the Bulls have used that as
motivation in the locker room you know
like they get their leg up on the stool
they're like smoking a cigarette they
throw it out the other clipboard they're
like alright guys we've got a big game
at night now just remember you guys are
Chicago Bulls alright I want you to get
out there I want you to see blood I want
you to see red charge the enemy and go
stab through the [ __ ] chest with your
horns and win this game and if I was on
the team I'd be like whoa yeah let's do
it
coach but what are the other teams in
the NBA do you know like there's a team
called the Indiana Pacers what does
their coach say before a big game
like hey guys Pacers all right get out
there and set the pace not too fast not
too slow just a nice easy pace that's
how we're gonna win a title or like the
Brooklyn Nets like hey we're the next a
multi-purpose fishing and hunting object
and if we wrap ourselves around a
woman's leg she becomes a hooker and now
they got the pelicans like what is their
coach say like hey you guys pelicans
large seafaring bird feeds predominantly
I'm fishing at or near the water's
surface
no get out there take a [ __ ] on somebody
all right you guys have been great thank
you very much I'm Michael Armour
what else I don't like condoms how do
you guys feel about that condoms huh one
guy said now
thumbs down very good you guys can talk
to me I'm a real person how's the Middle
Eastern community law cons I don't like
Catholics they're against him right
never condoms [ __ ] yeah for this
sequined lady in the front never a
condom you put in I come you come as
good time
why condom I'm trying to make for a baby
I think if I was hairier more people who
laughed at the fur baby
so never right I don't like cons either
here's the thing right this why I don't
like cons no guys ever seen attractive
woman have been like oh man I wonder
what it would be like to not feel what
it would be like to be with her I bet
that would be amazing wondering what
that was just like I like that you said
you don't like because she's a woman
most people think oh guys don't want to
wear girls don't like him either that
means nobody likes comment you guys ever
had sex with a condom when you're done
both people are just like at least we
did get pregnant yeah at least nobody
had fun that was [ __ ] should've just
watch avatar again right dr. Drew's got
a radio show and TV show people calling
for sex advice three times I've heard a
guy calling and go dr. drew I can't wear
condoms during sex
I can't stay excited what do I do dr.
drew very smart guy this is advice every
time he goes don't worry the very common
problem easy to take care of this is
what you do when you masturbate wear a
condom that way you'll get used to it
here's my thing okay I'm sure that [ __ ]
works dr. drew who's got that kind of
cash too jacket into a three dollar
condom every single time that's like
men's one free escape now being charged
to have fun alone screw you dr. drew
the condoms a prostitute my hands a pimp
I don't think so I googled it you guys
don't want to know on average how often
an adult male does that [ __ ] people like
you need to quit smoking quit smoking I
have a $3,000 a month wack habit I need
to take care I'm gonna go ahead and keep
my cigarettes
guys my age were always like trying to
chase after people you know younger like
20 year olds you know you ever seen a 40
year old guy with a 20 year old you
don't date a 20 year old you've 2000
does this be real 20 year old is like
Wolverine no matter what you do to it it
just heals
you know what I'm talking about I mean
cuz you know the over 30 is like memory
foam it's just it's like play-doh it
stays in place Oh see I know all the
women over 30 cuz you're looking at me
like you
illegal immigration is a problem in this
country you know Mexicans and [ __ ] I
don't have no problem with illegal
listen [ __ ] everybody got the right
everybody is the immigrant if you go far
back enough in your ancestry and history
and [ __ ] I love Mexicans man because the
Mexicans my lawn looks great I'm serious
man I got a little bit of money I live
around white people living a nice
neighborhood they be working hard as a
[ __ ] be hot outside I'd be
looking at them in the house through the
blinds Hey okay that used to be us guy
they knock on a door and ask me for [ __ ]
Senor it's hot outside and we have some
agua I'm like nope but I give you some
advice hum your way through it
[ __ ] that's how we got BAM I can
tell some of y'all a little tight on the
racers [ __ ] some of the white people
laughing too hard a lie haha it's so
true
I mean where you know what it is we're
just a really stupid we're done as human
beings were done I mean when we come out
the womb we're done we can't do [ __ ] for
like 12 13 years we literally can't do
anything antelope come out of the womb
like this come on [ __ ] there's lions we
we cut us we can't we don't even come
out we have to be pulled our back we're
pretty dumb and then now check this out
- in modern times right now you have to
go to school for 20 years
before you're considered smart a master
at something 20 years another five if
you want your PhD do you know the life
expectancy of the people that wrote the
Bible
it's like 30-ish how smart could they be
[Applause]
I'm just throwing it out no we just
think you know we need we have stories
to help us understand [ __ ] the Bible is
missing one sentence on the cover based
off true events hey when you when you
see a movie this is based on true events
what does that tell you well this is
probably [ __ ] I mean the ship sank
but there wasn't a dude in the front
going King in a world that's called
embellishment we embellished the
mythology so we can help ourselves
understand but it doesn't mean it
actually happen like that
see Bible people get mad at me because
they think Noah was standing in front of
a boat with a clipboard like this let's
get started
red ants welcome aboard
black ants
thank you snails the [ __ ] story you
know to me it's mythology oh no don't
get mad at me
ah yeah you having a good evening yeah I
love it here it's such a good energy in
America I love it here there's a lot of
differences between England and the USA
for a start you have cheerful people and
teeth and you have different restaurants
so you have Denny's the Wendy's I hop
Chipotle
I've been learning a few Latino words
chip waffle is a word I think do you
wanna know the other one I've learned
cholo that's what cholo right there I
know it's called that because I was
driving through East LA lost I always
drive right through the middle of
dangerous gang areas thanks to google
map directions so get out the car I've
got my map in this hand and I got this
and the other and I saw a gentleman
standing there that's excuse me sir what
is the name of this street and he said
to me I'm a cholo player well are you
really
what an extraordinary coincidence that
is what are the chances of that
happening here and that's when the rain
thing started don't get me wrong I raped
him of course and then I threw my dress
shoes over the telephone wire tomorrow
my territory which is apparently what
you have to do
technology is making everything you can
everything weird right self-driving cars
though just those just got legalized in
California are going to begin to see
self-driving [ __ ] cars gonna be
sitting on the street and then Hyundai
is going to drive by you know one's
[ __ ] dominant that shouldn't
happening the world's changing its
[ __ ] anything I for one cannot wait
the self-driving cars cuz I know about
you but I find GPS it's pretty [ __ ]
demanding turn right turn left
[ __ ] do you want to drive
certainly seem to know which way I
should be going
take a wheel which is essentially what
is now happening GPS is a useful tool I
think women can learn a little bit from
GPS because when you missed a turn GPS
just gives you the new directions it
doesn't make you feel like an [ __ ]
for missing it
when every night fellas you're dropping
with your lady you miss a turn she's
like I love you baby rerouting rerouting
please nothing routing for you to
buttercup the Apple has Apple maps for
when you want a really beautiful 3d
rendered map of the lake it is telling
you to drive into because it's up and
Google that's pretty reliable but then
there's no one I use the one for people
who are late the one that will get you
there by any means necessary the GPS
called
when ways don't give up waves will take
you through a playground if it thinks
it's going to save you
three minutes Waze is like having a meth
addict to give you directions
turn left turn right cops reported ahead
be cool be cool I'm freaking out now man
step on the [ __ ] gas be cool be cool
driving is stressful as [ __ ] man that's
why I can't wait for those self-driving
cars man I don't need to deal with that
stress and my friends are like yo
self-driving cars gonna be dangerous
system [ __ ] outta here
dangerous are you telling me a computer
I can make nine billion decisions a
second is let's prepare to drive an iron
death machine than me who can't decide
if I want my seat warmers on or off
humans are distracted a self-driving car
ain't checking out asses on Cahuenga
I am in fact what a self-driving car
season eyes that the only thing it's
trying to do is not hit it which is the
exact opposite of what I am trying to do
when I see you I gotta hit that
[Music]
I'm trying crits Mogan and a guy told me
is it's just tired by hypnotic and
remember he's like you got to try
hypnosis man he goes I did that and now
I know it's smoke no more you know guy
whisper in my ear you know and that's it
I don't smoke but I want to smoke
anymore so I'm like well I don't know if
I know if I want to do that because you
know because some people are susceptible
to hypnosis and some people aren't and
I'd hope that I am NOT alright that a
[ __ ] guy have whispered my butt in
here you know because I've seen it on
the TV guy whisper in the air ladies a
[ __ ] duck so I don't want to be one
of those people you know so I you know
smoking is bad for you but on the other
hand I don't want to be going like man I
quit smoking it's the best thing in the
world man I don't smoke I don't even
want to smoke the bad news is I turns
out I have no free will is forever a
[ __ ] guy whispers in my ear
[Laughter]
[Music]
you telling me to blow again I'll
[ __ ] blow a guy huh I don't want to
blow ahead but told me to
my girlfriend is scared of everything
and I've had this my whole life
my mum scared of everything my sisters
scared of everything every time I walk
into the kitchen I walk in like a normal
person I walk into the kitchen and my
girlfriend goes oh escape me I didn't
know you were here I'm in the [ __ ]
house what are you doing you know that
I'm here what are you just living in a
bubble that's just three feet around you
and everything else scares the [ __ ] out
of you are you just in the kitchen just
going oh oh oh the toaster I didn't see
that there oh I thought the fridge I
knew that was there but it did start
with me huh my god stop being so scared
of everything
it's gotten to a point where I walk down
the hallway now and I don't want that
awkward moment so I make noise I walk
down like this and I hit the wall and I
go I'm coming down the hallway don't get
scared then I go in there and every time
she goes I'll stop doing that I'm not
doing anything just pay attention to the
surroundings around you okay not just
what's happening right here but then she
has she has the sheer audacity when I'm
driving and she's in the passenger seat
to point [ __ ] out on the road like oh
there's a red light up there oh there's
an old lady trying to cross the road out
now you're paying attention are you now
you're aware of your surroundings thank
thank god you're here when you're not
here I'm running old ladies over I'm
going through red lights I'm a [ __ ]
menace thank you for protecting us you
like Liam Neeson thank you a guy would
never do that
a guy would never go oh god you scared
me never is what guys do if we didn't
know you're there we go and we pause for
three seconds and say how long have you
been there because in that three seconds
we are racking our brains to think what
we've been doing in the last 30 seconds
that you might have seen and it's not
the weird [ __ ] that you think we're
doing like scratching ourselves we don't
care about that we don't care if you see
that what I'm doing is I'm on the couch
like cuddled up like a girl sitting
there like this that's what I don't want
you to see like I'm sitting there like
an idiot like all under I've got to
cover over me
like and then I see you I long have you
been there been scratching myself
so I got like kids and [ __ ] man it's
[ __ ] I have two children now I have
um I don't know I have another one
happening I guess something my wife is
like aha we have too much money what the
[ __ ] is all this money let's ever look
it and um do you know that kids do like
there's different things they have to I
don't know if they're called like rights
of okay like you know how kids crawl
obviously like you all good our kids
crawling he's not like [ __ ] up doing
me like you wanted to crawl you know
what I mean like they crawl they walk
that's like important also but do you
know one of the ones at the beginning is
turning over did you know that they're
gonna baby flips over that's like a big
deal see like no but guys like don't cuz
you shouldn't this is [ __ ] stupid you
don't need to but my wife was like Jamie
oh my gosh she goes come in here you
missed it I was watching a basketball
game she goes the baby oh my god it
flipped over the baby flipped over you
missed it and I go who gives a [ __ ] what
do you mean who gives up she gave me
this mean look and I was like no no I
mean like who gives a [ __ ] I do like a
cheer like I gave a [ __ ] hooray
who gives a [ __ ] in ah but she was
worried when a neighbor whose baby like
didn't flip over for a long time and she
came on she's like I'll work Oh our baby
hasn't flipped over like what do we do
and I I didn't know her very well but I
was like you know what you're gonna be
fine like your baby's gonna be fine
and she was like how do you know you're
not like a doctor or anything and I was
like here's how I know it's because we
don't all like as adults have a friend
at work like they can't [ __ ] flip
over you know I mean do me like we all
eventually get it
do you know you know you don't go to the
beach and there's like one guy like can
somebody turn me over I never learned to
do that I had never learned to do that
as a kid
trying to get laid more this year it's
my new year's resolution I can't figure
you women out but read all these
magazines said of a woman's plane with
her hair that means she's like flirting
with you and I did a show in Riverside
like two weeks ago and I knew this chick
was into me because she'd just sitting
across me at the bar and for like a half
an hour she just staring at me going
slumps over oh I can't fit you ladies
out this what I understand about you
ladies if I go to any ur guys's houses
all I will see all of your house is live
laugh love but all you do is [ __ ] and
complain seriously when is target gonna
make some [ __ ] bout complain fridge
magnet mics girl feed always like why
don't you talk about me on stage there's
your joke [ __ ]
I just moved from Vegas it's a [ __ ]
I actually got married in Vegas did the
old drive-through wedding but then when
I got to my house I realized my order
was all [ __ ] up
it wasn't even hot I just sweat over
larger cup size I had an evil girlfriend
I wanted to propose to but I was too
broke so I couldn't afford an engagement
ring but I did have enough money for an
engagement ring toe to legit to quit by
MC Hammer sometimes old people don't get
that joke I realize old people don't
really do technology the other day when
I was trying to get my grandma Facebook
and she called me up and she's like
Brant does my TV you have to be on
channel three for the computer to work
that's a VCR
I am stereotypically black most of the
[ __ ] you think black people doing I'm
doing it by myself - the felonies you
liable to see me walk out of grocery
store with a watermelon under one arm
and the live chicken in the other hand
cuz they don't give a [ __ ] what you
think about me watermelon is awesome and
chicken is better okay but what's funny
is when I'm standing from that big ass
white I'm gonna being and a white woman
walk up next to me and be like umm can
you help me pick a watermelon [ __ ] if
you got enough nerve to ask me to help
you
I got enough nerve to help you talk baby
let's get you up I'm stereotypically
black so I love fat booty I think fat
booty is awesome especially messing
around with me you need to have a fat
booty young staff because when I smack
you on the ass I want something to
happen
that brings me joy I don't understand
people who don't like fat booty I moved
to LA and everybody got beef in and
willowy it you know like the heroin
addict looking ass [ __ ] in magazines
now listen if you feel I don't want you
to feel bad about yourself just don't
think I'm gonna chase after you but
that's your problem
too many people chasing up here you
can't sit down and have a decent [ __ ]
meal you know but I'm just saying like
for me you know like I got a lot of
friends now in Los Angeles first of all
this is really weird
it makes [ __ ] well okay I I don't
understand why you would want somebody
that look more like you like I don't
people like love themselves so much in
their life they started looking like the
[ __ ] that they own like they dogs start
looking like a minute I don't you know I
think I'm cute enough but I don't want
nobody that looked like me I feel like
I'm little too masculine to be next to
for me
you don't saying and one of my buddies
like look if you don't have an ass that
fit in this space right here I don't
want I was like what one cheek could fit
in that space right there and one of my
friends like she got to have the ass on
the twelve-year-old boy
come again what the [ __ ] am I gonna do
with the ass of a twelve-year-old boy
I'm not a priest
[Applause]
[Music]
a man with serious daddy issues
discovers he has godlike powers
but enough about Donald Trump let's talk
about guardians of galaxy this film is
about a ragtag group of people's we're
very different but come together it is a
theme to fight evil it's exactly like oh
yes every movie ever
Kurt Russell plays ego a god-like
millennial I mean bless you who lives on
his own planet is solely Kurt Russell is
Mormon I guess he discovered it is his
mission to travel across the universe
and have sex with as many women as
possible a lot of women they think this
is bad what this was a tease give them a
break is what people did back then
sometimes you're gay we she could travel
cross universe to have sex with lots of
different colors winnings but they aim
on house arrest
it is my achilles ankle bracelet in the
beginning of the movies guarding the
galaxies of working with group called
sovereign they look like be walking
Oscar trophy one of the women's hit some
crisp red but here he has a trophy wife
it's good job no even though this is
second Guardian galaxy movie now knows
who these characters are why they even
exist there is it stalking is raccoon
there's walking three and there's a so
women who have around I in actually have
emotion it's completely unrealistic in
statistical it would make more sense if
it was a porn fetish video Chris Pratt
once again the place star-lord he
travels around in the amazing futuristic
spaceship that somehow plays cassette
tapes
my car doesn't like cassette tapes in
its nineteen eighty two hundred corn the
best character in this movie is yanbu
the baddest morph with the Mohawk guy
who gave a
flying penis that kill everyone there he
get in trouble for a child labor he's
kind of like Kathie Lee Gifford in space
Chris Pratt in front of his father is
core to Russia which mean his mother is
going to come who is definitely a guilt
grandmother I'd like to find out more
about what did you like would you like
sushi water interests there is a very
touching moment where he goes up his son
Peter killed he broke up with his mother
by giving her tumor in his head it's a
very hard way to break up with someone
there must be easier way it recipes
various offered by telephone and gay she
said I know but I'm not
yondu screwed this is [ __ ] medic head
mutiny they take over shipping they
started what I would call a blue man
coup like Blue Man Group but this is his
pawn the vessels loan is in this movie
plane a Ravager he plays a great alien
because most of movie he speaks in
language no man can understand their
character his nickname paisa face he
given soft a surface I also need myself
nickname monster cocking people also let
that for some reason
yondu is bull guy he is like various
morph he dies at in spoiler alert
what's that I should say spoiler before
oh sorry
make sure you take a girl to move
because they all love the baby grows
okay if you don't like this if you like
that little piece of wood you enjoy my
little piece of wood too I mean it's not
too little the fun little oh okay it's
pretty little
I recommend this movie as long as you
have a good model of workers take with
you into the theater I had to watch it
father-son bonding me in this attender I
care about the problems of the white
people in space I don't care about space
problems he particularly white people in
space have daddy issues I never knew my
dad and I turned out perfectly normal
person
in conclusion God is a guilty William -
it's kind of like having sex a second
time in one night it's okay but goes on
a lot longer than expected
there are boring pages in a tnd I'm not
sure if it was worth paying all that
money for it I don't wanna do this and I
am very tough blue girl and angry Smurf
girl
we're gonna get rid of that thing
timeout nobody hits take kids [ __ ] that
I'm gonna pass flaw you hit your kids we
hit him for you you understand cuz I had
timeout when I was a kid it was how much
time I was out with my mother punch me
the [ __ ] head
that was timeout my mother would swing
your out and look at me how nice I grew
up my father used to say crazy [ __ ] me I
was a kid
yeah it is when you were younger I'm
gonna knock you into next week number
that I'll knock you into another week I
was such a wiseass and say good I got a
test on Wednesday hit me on toys are all
watered down with the kids so they don't
get hurt my favorite toy when I was a
kid was a slip and slide you'll remember
slip and slide and when I had the type
of father that I wouldn't bias the toy
because she said you could make it back
so my father made our slip and slide we
had hefty bands duct tape Braille
shampoo baby oil and a garden hose and
you didn't slip or slide you took off
like a [ __ ] rocket and the whole time
you were sliding you were crying cuz the
Braille shampoo is burning your eye you
had no idea where you were going till
you hit a parked car
your parents laughing going do it
although don't remember the game King
and what we never played that no Italian
family plays a game cool cool thank you
my family playing clue who did it I
don't know it is she not look at me
wrong people I like California but I
lived I mission when I lived in the city
when I lived in New York City a man
ordered a cup of coffee like a man back
in the day you got your coffee at a
diner and you knew the guy working it
you told man yeah you don't listen you
get a cup of coffee and want to talk
good sweet I'll take it to go nice like
a gentleman wasn't that classy as I'm
sorry nowadays you walk into a Starbucks
you're a little gay soon as you walk in
that foot I don't get my coffee at
Starbucks there's nothing on that menu
I'm gonna say like a tough guy I ain't
saying none of that [ __ ] they don't say
none of that [ __ ] first time I ever got
a cup of coffee had a Starbucks was here
in Hollywood California right now just
moved here from New Jersey so when I
went walking in the door I was standing
it like this hey everybody hey he's
doing
it's nice to be here with your coffee
shop and whatnot solution here's what
we're gonna do
I'd like to get one of the large to have
one of those large man have a lot of
tank gets with bumpy's phone oh my god I
love foam and tickles my nose when I
rise up on the top layer and I would
like a splash of hazelnut splash and I
need a cardboard detector around the
couple's folder Java check it out of
like a java jacket and my name is
Michael if you brought it on the cup
I'll wait over there for you to call me
you just call Michael and I'll come
alone
Mike Marino vote real talk
[Music]
yeah longest relationship you've been in
five years did long distance really yeah
we did long distance for about three of
it you know so a lot of phone sex let
escape well I think you come along this
guy's like you know where you try to do
something hot like you know you try to
keep it sexy and intimate because that's
like you know you have that visual
stimulation but then it would you know
she's like hold her boobs together for
like five minutes and then I'm just and
then I realize oh no the computer just
froze you know I'm saying I'm never
gonna see her again I love you so much
I'm sorry but you have to use those it's
easier to fake an orgasm on skype yeah
because unless you shoot all over the
screen yes you take the mayonnaise so is
that oh baby oh baby
well you yeah that's right you're Jewish
I forgot yeah yeah it's kosher man
pickles on there Oh baby little sour
crop crazy here just everything at
Jerry's deli
[Music]
give it up for Hampton Yount everybody
Hampton I watch a lot of movies you know
I love them uh my favorite thing though
now has been to watch like my favorite
r-rated movies when they come on regular
television right cuz then they edit the
[ __ ] out of them and it's awesome like I
used to hate it now I love it you know
the thing like you'll be watching an
r-rated movie that you love and like a
scenes coming up where you know they're
gonna swear but at the last moment they
take out the swear word put in somebody
else's voice as I horribly disjointed
it's [ __ ] awesome so imma be like hey
man listen why don't you just suck my
garbage like all right bunch of cops I
gather around a dead hooker looks like
the suspect cut up her lollipops and fed
her her own gumdrops like as a cop
puking in the bag of gumdrops we gotta
catch this guy sick
and it just means you they like
censorship so crazy in this country why
is it so crazy in autonomy it's because
people write letters specifically old
[ __ ] write letters why are we listening
to people who are handwriting angry
letters like do you have any idea how
much anger it takes to hand write an
angry letter and send it you just got to
be like did you feel that is all right
dear and they see you sure that's a good
again new trick your phone stuff man
where are the steps that I like not
these steps unlike the Jackie Robinson
steps and what times is the post office
closed night it's 9:30 this is the most
important
go to the bus on a carrier god yeah oh
yes is about something good if they
decide cuz it just be crazy
listen to them replace ooh
it's cold as [ __ ] I accidentally was
high up in Urban Outfitters and buff
these tight-ass pants so let's get that
[ __ ] out the ways [ __ ] up don't get
high go to Urban Outfitters me buster
she'll need like skinny jeans and
fedoras and Mumford & Sons albums don't
do that [ __ ] I've been living the callee
I came back home so I have to you have
to get my little layer it up I wear
men's long johns
I wear women's yoga pants much better
fit they don't itch make my ass look
great I'm serious no joke if you ever
got the shower and put on some women's
yoga pants and got a glimpse of your own
ass and the medicine cabinet very like I
wish it were you a witness you
objectifying your own ass for like 35
minutes and then you late for work when
you wear women's oak pants and skinny
jeans you find yourself doing plie is
all day not a few people that laughed at
that joke
you got some class and you know some
[ __ ] the rest of y'all trailer park
[ __ ] you better get out there
and watch the PBS a plie is a very basic
ballet move I'm teaching your son you
seen him boom plie
okay it's a plie are you asking yourself
what the [ __ ] you doing please a skinny
jeans than women's Underpants I'll tell
you why
cuz when you wear those things together
your balls and man parts get stuck to
Sally over thigh and everyone knows the
classiest way to enhance one's scrotum
sack it's a [ __ ] pleasure
laughs baby you can't be bald Joshua
he's me two times you get [ __ ] you
know so you can do it by school you get
locked up
[Music]
give it up for Adam ray everybody yeah
I'm not too uh the first time I actually
did hallucinate was over the summer I
did mushrooms for the first time
I don't think eyes have done those
before he was a sure right druggies
thanks for making yourselves known in
the crowd it was he it was the first
time adding mushrooms and coincidentally
he was also the first time I talked to a
daddy-longlegs about global warming and
agree with everything he had to say but
it was nice to chat I call my mom's or I
was dying because the heart inside my
dick was beating too fast let's bring it
up
so we're call to get up your mom she's
like I'm sorry oh honey what's white
your your dick heart's beating too fast
just eat some soup honey it's super dick
hard for good wheat is about the extent
of my drug dabbling right weed is about
it for but it's it's tough these are
cracking down on everybody right even
celebrities can't smoke a little weed
right Jesus Michael Phelps got in
trouble for smoking a couple bong really
the guy won eight gold medals I think if
you win eight gold medals you've earned
the right to make that three-day-old
pizza takes a little bit better way you
watch ducktales at 4:00 in the morning I
they got some [ __ ] iron with eight
gold medals it's a big deal do a lot of
stupid [ __ ] when I smoke pot I try to
buy an airplane ticket - oh my god don't
ever do that I'm on the phone with a guy
right he's read me the confirmation code
and he's like gee isn't Gary
B is a boy K's in caleidoscope' and I'm
like great now it's my turn to read the
code back to him make sure everything's
straight might get a seat on the plane
right sounds simple enough but I'm super
high so all the words come on my head or
just ridiculous oh my god man you're a
do this here we go
G is in Jungle huh B is in yeah okay so
wasn't gonna word
and then I get to letter K right I swear
to God the only K word that comes into
my stony [ __ ] head is Klu Klux Klan I
swear to God I have no idea why it's a
terrible K word to come up with several
the things I could have said K you know
so I get all paranoid this guy's gonna
know him stone hang up with me I'm not
gonna get on my flight right everything
turned out okay except I check my email
it turns out about a roundtrip ticket
from LAX to Burbank which is [ __ ] 20
miles apart you don't even fly there
wasted $200 same guy who dropped me off
picked me up oh they all thanks for the
ride man it's good to see
I like this place I like comedy clubs I
don't like going to night clubs want to
know why cuz chicks are always hitting
on me and I'm just trying to dance with
my buddies right
the tight circle grind up and down on my
dude friends slowly methodically
methought clip
I don't know evidently I'm holding in
orbit too while I do but all of our
wallets in the middle and just dance
just head up to the bar where a tight
muscle tea to attract the ladies maybe
show off a tricep
maybe just one glute it's not to be too
much of a Sloot meet a fine girl have
her buy me for drinks right when she
goes in for the kill
I'll say something like it's dudes night
out softer I will not be treated like a
piece of meat
that was a cape I didn't clock her in
the head that'd be weird
it's dude don't [ __ ] with me in my bros
we're just trying to dance
the biggest thing that I've learned now
that I'm a dad is that I will go to any
extent to get people to leave me the
[ __ ] alone I will do anything I was I
will do anything I was in a I was in a
Comedy Competition in Compton I was and
I was the only white guy in the
neighborhood right wasn't scared wasn't
worried about [ __ ] I know that's rare
but these guys decided to try and
intimidate me before the competition I
think they were being playful but
between us if you're six eight and
biggest [ __ ] you're not allowed to be
playful okay like that's just not fair
to us normal-sized people you know I
mean this dude came up he was like know
where you are [ __ ]
and he had his buddy right next to and
like I just had to think quick so I did
what I always do when somebody tries to
show intimidation or aggression I just
acted like I was slow because no one can
be mean to a slow person and feel good
about themselves you know what I mean so
the dude comes up he's like know where
you are my [ __ ] and I was like yeah
Newport Beach is nice you can smell - OH
chain from here ha ha ha
and the key is to go dead behind the
eyes and swallow for no reason and rub
[ __ ] on your pants that's why you have
to do you just had to I know right and
the dudes friend just grabbed him real
quick if they ate up this [ __ ]
slow to Truman and they left me alone so
and people don't think that [ __ ] works
that [ __ ] works okay the only thing
stronger than a [ __ ] ass whoopin is
embarrassment
okay if you can embarrass somebody you
will defuse that ass whuppin okay cuz I
was in Texas and rednecks scared the
[ __ ] out of me this dude came up to me
have to show he goes thank you pretty
funny don't you [ __ ] yeah you do
Dave wouldn't be so funny if I knock
your [ __ ] teeth out and I immediately
was like woah don't do that because if
you were to punch me I probably fall
down and I'd crush all the jellybeans in
my pocket
and I wouldn't be able to share them
with you didn't think about that did you
um the dude just got uncomfortably was
like whatever you slow [ __ ] like
no me
what else guys I perform a lot of
colleges I like performing for anybody I
just like performing like my favorite
thing in the world but college shows I
never know where the show is right like
where's the show tonight laughs Factory
this room I'll have to go searching for
it every college campus is different and
every college puts you up in a different
room so I was in Connecticut I think it
was like a few years ago I'm looking for
this room called McGovern lounge that's
the name of the room I know I was
performing it so I'm on campus I see a
lady walking I put my window down I'm
about to ask her where it is but before
I started talking in my head because I'm
like stupid and bored and immature I was
like somebody is a British accent when I
talk that way she'll think I'm from
England
later on I'll laugh about it by myself
like a loser that was my whole game plan
right watch what happens I put my window
down my excuse me I hate to be a ball
the hate sapota you excuse me I'm
looking for MacGuffin lounge do you know
where MacGuffin lounge is this lady was
legitimately Russian or something she's
like you're looking for my girl moans I
was like are we bucking with each other
I had no idea what was going on this
ladies Eastern European she's like
McGovern lounge is right there you'll
see front look straight in I was like
okay this [ __ ] beat me at my own game
she's laughing I still don't know what
happened I'm like half Russian right my
buddy's in a band at tours all over the
world he told me Russian women are the
prettiest woman he's ever seen so I
thought about him like maybe some doing
I'm ready I'll marry a Russian chick
right like I'm Russian she's Russian
that's pretty cool
I thought about it some more I'm cool
with my wife having that accent I don't
want my kids to get that accent that
would just freak me out every morning my
two kids are waking me up does he look
up we've met done kicks
like what the [ __ ] is in the pancakes
don't ask questions American is it's not
poison I'm like there's anything about
poison yeah this is not you eats we get
life insurance Batali
but Dana's tough to man and fellas him
to actually early it fells if you don't
argue don't get in relationship you will
lose women are great at argument and for
no extra charge fellas even when you win
an argument you still lose yeah look at
stupid late no we won you never want
fellows and the worst is getting into
argument which oh girl in the car you've
had it happen to you it is the most
uncomfortable moment ever you want to
jump out but you can't cuz the doors are
locked
I mean you did everything right you
showed up on time you finally got a
button up on cuz she hate me dress
hip-hop like you too grown to be having
a dragon on your shirt huh
how old are you been having a dragon on
your shirt Cisco huh rhinestones and
that's ragging really you sure
and fellas you accidentally say some
stupid you can't take it back and she
get pissed off at you and do that
awkward stare at the window you hear the
ladies chuckling it's some dudes over
here they don't have a car don't know
what's going on okay and fellas you got
that think uncomfortable silence you had
to let the window down so the
awkwardness can get out matter of fact
she turned so far to the right her knees
in the glove compartment get your knees
in the glove compartment and right now
everything on the left side of her life
is dead like you could have jumped out
six miles ago she would have never known
for she hates you and everything that
looked like you you see look on your
girl face and she is in the car pissed
off she mean business too
and that was you panic then you can do
all your little nicknames boogie bear
sugar booger goose whatever you call it
I call my lady gustan what judge what
I'm doing okay she ignores she's trying
to fight the happy cuz she want to be
happy but she came cuz she gotta prove
you have see the look of her like you
never try to poke yo girl side and make
her like light like she tried to fight
it you try to poke girl side make her
laugh a little bit and she tried to
fight it your see try to fight it okay
any Jews need like women before I finish
the joke just one who with the head okay
cool all right sir you know nothing put
that up nobody Texan used ammonite put
that up got a notification to take my
medicine alright let me just put this up
got a notification for dessert but you
obviously look at your girl face and she
be trying to fight it stop do not touch
me okay stop keep your hands to yourself
stop stop I hate your face do not touch
me stop look at the road don't look at
me we die I'm icky don't touch me stop
ah
you made me sick stupid I hate your face
old jerk face
checking sores Rex
you man to me that's my time you arrive
see goblet for meteorology on Twitter
for thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory calm
I'm happy to be here honestly I don't
get out of the house I'm a comic I wake
up at noon every day this is literally
the first [ __ ] thing I've done today
is that fine actually I did I did go to
the gym today I drove right past that
[ __ ] park new out looks full I am out
of here I actually recently signed up to
this new gym and had a terrible
experience absolutely terrible
experience so I won't mention their name
but they are open 24 hours it's like I
hate when people nickel and dime you but
you sign up for the gym membership
before the ink is even dry what do you
get oh do you want to sign up for some
personal training instantly I look over
to my left it's this chick she's like
five foot nothing over here and I'm like
she's like you want to sign up for its
personal training like the ego in me I'm
like oh this is [ __ ] cute it's like
the man in me I was like I'll tell you
what little thing if you can lift more
than me I will sign up right now so I'm
now enrolled in three classes of me
and then $99 a session and you guys I
can't afford that [ __ ] oh my gosh I am
so broke right now I am so [ __ ] broke
right now it's I know it's a story is
all this time to be this broke like
don't in like entertainment like the
rock Dwayne Johnson he has that one
famous quote Zico when I got my big
break
I only had seven dollars in my wallet so
if I can just get another [ __ ] for
you guys I'm going to take off
it's so sad how broke I am like do you
guys know I'm so broke I can't even I
can't even afford to file bankruptcy I
didn't even know that [ __ ] cost money
did you know that
I go in there go online bankruptcy
attorney get a consultation it was
amazing she was great and I said you
know what this sounds good let's go
ahead and move forward with this and she
goes okay that's just gonna be one-time
fee of $750 I was like [ __ ] I'm here
what the [ __ ]
like do you take credit cards and from
clearing taps right now what do you put
it on there and I hate being this broke
to like I go to the bank I was gonna
cash a $50 check just a $50 check and
like you know like guys getting like we
go to the bank teller we like kind of
sometimes in line like there's three
bank tellers there's three people in
front you're like I hope the cute one
hurry up so I could be hurt you know and
it happened to me where I go right up to
the hot one and then I just was like
what time you guys closed me uh she does
not need to see my [ __ ] account all
right
there is no way I'm getting her phone
number if she looks at my numbers that's
for sure and it's crazy being this broke
like all the sudden all your friends
seem riches fog-like I go to my friend's
house I'm like your fridge is full my
god it was amazing and I actually
performed over in Pittsburgh and my
friend picked me up from the airport and
when I was gone just for the 3-4 days he
actually picked me up in his brand-new
Mercedes and I was like what a dick and
I get in his car in the brand-new
Mercedes and he has limo tint in the
front windows and I'm like Chris why did
you get limo tint in the front of your
brand new Mercedes like the whole point
of getting a Mercedes is so people can
see you driving that [ __ ] Mercedes
you know and that's exactly why I have
double limo tint in my 2001 Toyota Camry
alright nobody needs to see me driving
that [ __ ] oh I like it when people and
written like nice cars like on the road
like give me a dirty look I'm gonna cut
me off and like I'm just cruising like
think I give a [ __ ] about you and your
Jaguar cutting me off like I got 2001
Toyota Camry [ __ ] to do you know like
you couldn't walk a mile in my 250,000
miles let's shoot is alright and it's
hard because California it's just we're
spoiled out here but shit's expensive
shits okay I like and I don't get
political but I love it out here but
even the laws are getting crazy like
they banned plastic straws like what is
the point like people just use a dollar
bill anyways
don't you know if you laughed at that
joke well that's [ __ ] party I mean
you gotta provide it cuz I can't buy
that [ __ ] right yeah
and if you didn't laugh at that joke
good for you all right you're a good
[ __ ] person stay that way
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm excited to be here though I do live
here in Los Angeles so I'm dating here
in Los Angeles I don't know if I'm
dating girls or if I'm just feeding
girls I've been gone a lot of feedings
lately like I've been feeding this girl
for about ten months and turning into a
committed feeding I actually am seeing
somebody right now I'm in an interracial
feeding I great I know I'm seeing so
I've ever relationship my Bennett I've
been Indian I'm still Indian and my my
girlfriend my girlfriend's white but
race never gets brought up between us I
was talking my black friend who's also
dating a white girl I said hey man does
race ever get brought up between you
guys and he looked at me kneel gear man
you know every time we hook up she's
like give me that black dick and I was
like no man I don't know
I wasn't invited how would I know that
no one ever invites me I don't know no
point has any girl ever looked at me and
been like give me that brown dick
I'm the idiot did called my ID because I
want to see it before it comes in no
one's asked for my ID before I don't
know I like dating white girl I do think
she's trying to I do think she's trying
to convert me to white I think it's
happening slowly I like I learned how to
twist and shout I I stuck it I started
putting avocados on toast I have a kind
of oil in my hair right now and this is
how I knew it was working I kissed my
dog on the mouth I finally did that you
had to check my skin after that one like
even for the holidays like for Christmas
we're going to we're going to Utah go to
Sundance Utah just sounds like the why
display Sundance we're going to Sundance
Utah so that we can go dog sledding
horse wedding ziplining fly-fishing
regular fishing yeah next year we're
just gonna go colonizing the entire year
I didn't like being single though I was
on every dating app my favorite dating
app of course was lyft and uber big fan
if you guys don't know what lyft or uber
is it's when a dude who used to be a
surgeon in his country picks you up
addressee somewhere for very cheap
I like lifted over because I can finally
afford to like send a girl a car which
10 years ago was a p-diddy only move it
was a getting exclusive but the way that
Pete did he did it it was cool he was
like hey girl
send me an address I'm gonna send you a
Bentley you're gonna get cycle all the
way up to my penthouse where we can see
the city cuz you we did it was cool
cooler but now I can do it as NYADA I
can be like hey girl send me your cross
streets I'm gonna send you an O to Honda
Accord it's gonna have a pink mustache
you can't miss you're gonna get side the
driver's name's Ben used to be a surgeon
in Mongolia but now he's in a band
I'm gonna drive past eight homeless
dudes to my studio apartment where
you're gonna meeting the regret being
there wish you were back in that Honda
cuz you whitneyhl nada
[Applause]
[Music]
I got recognized the other day actually
at the airport I was there
tsa lady recognized me why don't you
grab my license should I tell me Jimmy
Kennedy back in the day I'm like the day
is still here it's not dust I used to
watch a lot of Angela Bassett movies
inside I feel like a black I noticed
something about Angela Bassett which is
in movies everything is very dramatic
even the littlest things all right
little kids like a mom can you pass the
salt what'd I tell you about the gun
Oh your blood is now black people
laughing that white people aren't sure
they don't know and they call a friend
on this one got an audible here
[Music]
just airing a weird age I just turned 41
so like yeah everything no don't clap
I don't clap my man it's just because
everything hurts now I have have aches
and pains for no reason like the other
day I had a dream that I pulled my
hamstring okay I woke up the [ __ ] really
happened I was like this is not cool
this is not cool you know and I live out
here in Hollywood got a young friends
and like let's go to the club let's go
I'm like no this is drink beer and watch
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills let's
do that [ __ ] like that that's more fun
to me now you're gonna mean but I'll
still go to the club you know but I
start complaining you know I saw a
complaint I'll go to the DJ I'm like hey
man you mind turning that [ __ ] down bro
that's kind of loud in here man and it's
late it's 11:38 like why well I just do
you guys still open all right [ __ ] you
know tired all yawning am I fired and
now I look at prices like [ __ ] it's
expensive to me now like back in the
days like you know I'd make a rain for
all my friends like shots on me shot
shot shot got you got you now I don't
know if you guys know but a shot at a
nightclub here in Hollywood is like $24
of tequila
I might [ __ ] that the whole night I just
have that one shot just just sip it
since oh I'm making this [ __ ] laughs all
night kiss my ass
I will call people out of there I
do
my cousin is one of those people
he always says that's what she said
always that's what she said that's never
when it's applicable rhyme we like two
weeks ago
it's like that's what she said I snapped
could you imagine that peeps I look over
at and I'm leaning I hit him in the
throat yeah I step
he was like I'm like that's what she
said
I like to get out of the house whenever
I can because my wife and I do have one
of those [ __ ] babies at home and to
make matters worse there's another one
on the way thank you for not clapping
you are my people some people get very
excited yeah the miracle of life
relax first of all it's not a miracle
it's not a miracle I hate to break it to
you we are abusing that word miracle
just there's a billion of us on the
planet at this very second that is not a
miracle that's a virus and back in the
Bible days a miracle meant something you
know it was something was like guys the
oceans gone let's go nowadays just a
miracle miracle look at me I'm a God
miracle the word loses all meaning and I
know why we do it we're hungry for
miracles it's been a long time we just
want him you know we want to feel that
magical feeling I remember a few years
ago when that guy landed the plane in
the Hudson River they called it Miracle
on the Hudson that made me mad you're
taking [ __ ] away from the pilot by
saying that he did that [ __ ] that guy
kept his cool I remember they played
those tapes on the news they were
freaking out on the other line maybe we
can get you a runaway at JFK nah I'm
gonna take her into the water and he did
know if he landed that plane in the
water and that water turned to wine
miracle
if he smashed that plane in the ground
it exploded and people got out like that
was [ __ ] weird miracle the word is
getting watered down I remembers too
they were talking about survivors from
that plane ride that very same played
ride survivors from a plane ride where
nobody died can you have survivors if
nobody's dead because then you can just
start chucking that word around whenever
you want to hey I'm a survivor flight
201 LAX to Boston really what happened
nothing but I'm still here I'm the
survivor
keep on survivin it's a miracle
what's happening what's happening guys
who's watching the World Cup anybody
watch them grow up yeah Iran yeah thank
you very much calm down we're gonna
front where you from
my parents are mixing Mexico
disadvantage you know this Mexico
advanced Germany lost bro right yeah
sorry killing three women is listening
on radio you're sorry
[Applause]
I've been watchin i watch the World Cup
I got kids too and I tell people parents
listen it don't watch with your kids
because you realize how little in
America we know about world geography
yeah I was watching last World Cup it
was France against Ecuador I was
watching with my son he was six years
old and I wanted to show off my buddy
this is France vs. Ecuador I go France
is in Europe and Ecuador the kitchen
give me some water while he was gone I
googled it by the time you came back
normally I know where Ecuador was I had
all kinds of information on Ecuador I
did not need when I was going to
volunteer I go son actually when I said
Ecuador's near Mexico what I meant is
there in South America there in South
America furthermore their GDP is seventy
five million dollars they were founded
by the conquistadores
because once the concrete's the doors
the kitchen get some water
my god I love my kids I got a
nine-year-old boy seven-year-old girl
actually just turned 10 my son is 10
daughters 7 and I'll tell you he's got
kids nose nowadays parenting is
exhausting because schools have found a
way to get parents to go to school every
day
every day is a new day parent they
teacher they parent teacher they daddy
day mommy take daddy don't have a mommy
hot dog we have to talk to 20 years
I said manhood they need you if the
school is this is doesn't it come to
America oh I know you can't thumb
there's a travel ban
[Applause]
and I was then I was at one of their
fundraisers for the kids and I realized
something my parents never came to any
my fundraisers then I realized I didn't
want them to come to my fundraisers
because I had immigrant parents like my
school with all the other kids come to
school there was a hostage
my dad would make it worse feel from
Iran that shut up they thought we were
Greek guys this is 40 years ago nobody
like Iran still nobody likes Iran Iran
has been in every travel ban the Trump
administration was without 1.0 2.0 3.0
first of all they put a new travel ban
on every three months like it's a iPhone
update we don't come with facial
recognition until you got a smart kid
you guys in the military you know what's
going on you guys know travel day 1 & 2
is all Muslim countries so the complaint
was it was a Muslim ban so the Trump
administration wanted to show they're
not in time Muslim they added three new
countries to travel ban 3.0 to show how
not anti-muslim they are they added
North Korea
they were coming but no I guess they
[Laughter]
also a Venezuelan diplomats so not the
whole country just tenders which I
thought was some guy is a Muslim country
in Africa Chad does not sound like a
Muslim country chats up like a Muslim
country try to pretend not to be able to
go we are chatting in the Nigeria I mean
Eric
[Applause]
[Music]
I take my wife out on a date night every
week I don't know if you guys do this I
think it's a good practice you know I've
learned something from going to
restaurants you can tell in a restaurant
which couples are married and which
couples are just starting to date by how
much food they eat because people on a
date just pick up their food I don't
like to eat a lot they don't want to
look like a pig right they don't want to
get full just in case they get laid
later on but when you're married you
know you're not getting laid so you eat
until you have to unbutton your pants
dude married people eat until the point
of remorse should we bring you a check
break the dessert menu
tell me about the bread pudding isn't my
two of those please honey what would you
like you know what I mean
and I'm married until you've had the two
full dafuq conversation after a nice
meal you know get back to the house feel
like I would but I had the fajitas and
they're like right up under the rib cage
or something I can't do it I'm cramping
maybe in a little while let's we just
watch TV and fart for a little bit how
about that
[Music]
yeah out is a wild man I live here now
and I'm married and I don't see that a
lot out here you know and it's
interested in it's fun you know I
applaud marriage you know I love my wife
man just gets complicated at times like
I got accused of cheating
cuz she watched a marathon of the show
cheaters it had nothing to do with me
and I know it because of when I got
accused I couldn't find something I'm
like man I can't find my coat it's
probably some bitch's house I'm like why
can't it just be in the hall closet
that's where we keep the coach right why
is that never one of your options sex
ain't that good and make you forget your
coat if so that'd be the brand new slang
you what the homie like yo heart wasn't
last night he like she's so good ever
good Michael you should have saw me I
was like burn
[Applause]
I almost forgot my car I was on the bus
like what the hell am i doing on the bus
ping that's good booty when you catch
the bus to get it I'm gonna need a
transfer that's how you know ladies when
you got amazing sex with the guy went
through to get there if you answer the
door and he rose up on a razor scooter
he ain't worth [ __ ] but you made his day
and let's not be naive a guy would ride
a scooter to have sex like I don't have
a way to get I'm all my way but my coat
stand here I heard about her
my favorite uncle is my uncle Gloria
he's cool as [ __ ] I got a UH yeah uncle
Gloria I think if she was wrong I was
about nine I was like hold on wait a
minute uncle Gloria Mountain Gloria is
the most flamboyantly gay dude I've ever
seen in my life but he's also one of the
most fearless just as strong as harder
people I've ever met always been a hero
to be one time does this big steroid
dude standing in front of talking [ __ ]
about hunka hunka stand there like this
I want to do finish talking [ __ ] my
uncle said okay you want me to tell you
where your problem is I'm gonna tell you
where your problem is I'll do this
pretty good I'm gonna tell you where
your problem is you're balling is that
I'm more mad than you'll ever be and
more woman than you'll ever have
gangster but my favorite all good
is my Abuelita I called him a drunk
Alito because he's my drunk uncle he's
never ever sober I don't care what time
you see would be Monday afternoon 11
o'clock or Saturday a pony afternoon
he's sitting there like this
he got a cigarette that hangs out his
mouth but never ashes I don't know how
the [ __ ] he does it but the cigarette
never ashes man is your sister like this
ain't he you know somebody like that
yeah and then like you so drunk he would
fall asleep in the middle of sentences
like you do let me get an hour you know
I ain't got no [ __ ] dollar
he smoked cigarettes for like 40 years
so his boy he sounds like Wolfman Jack
but his voice comes in and out as he's
talking to you so he goes I love it
like yeah in a patina what he says cool
[ __ ] like my daughter was taking the
first steps I said deal look your granny
she's walking
he said she walked in yeah I'm gonna go
get my babe he was the one that taught
me all the important [ __ ] that I had to
learn in life he was the one who called
me over to call him life lessons API
like a mirror I got a life lesson for
you he did that a lot huh he caught me
when I was eight years old he said you
have to come home and [ __ ] the [ __ ] out
of you
do the dishes it took this [ __ ] when I
was eight when I was 11 years old
he called me ELISA la cámara got a life
lesson for you see duty naanum well
eternal echo McCool's a local mayor give
ma for those who don't speak Spanish
when I was 11 years old my uncle called
me over and told me that if you have a
woman and you don't eat her ass somebody
else will he told me to say when I was
11 I thought he was crazy and [ __ ] now I
think he's a [ __ ] genius
I remember when his wife stabbed him
right where are at the house everybody
was kidding what oh don't trip people
just stabbed to Puerto Rican houses all
the time it just happens I ruined his
wife stabbed him the first thing you do
when you got on the hospitals you went
over he picked her up at the jailhouse
took her home and asked her to cook him
dinner and I was sitting there like dear
are you [ __ ] nuts she tried to kill
you now you're gonna eat her food he's I
let me tell you something
a woman she knows that because you know
like you just died because she loved you
too much
[Music]
anybody can i phone we got an iphone
also a microphone iPhone iPhone iPhone
if I hate people
iPhone iPhone people are cocky issue man
they think they'd better than everybody
cuz they can iPhone you ought to tell
her iPhone person because he always get
this thumb they got the iPhone thumb and
everything is like this they just wake
up in the morning just do this out there
they just do this all it says iPhone
iPhone I got iPhone iPhone iPhone they
don't lose a phone you lose your phone
no I lost my iPhone iPhone iPhone I got
an iPhone iPhone iPhone iPhone and I
just do this but they just like to flip
for no reason my iPhone just do this
right here they love doing number
watches I can make it bigger I can make
it bigger Apple is so cocky they could
put I in front of anything you wonder
the next day they come out an I cop look
I got a new icon look I got in black
they wasn't really selling the white
ones like it look I can make it bigger
look look look look look by I [ __ ]
bigger
64 gigs a black eye I don't know what an
icon cuz if you drink too much up I
don't lose my passcode you get two
chances if you don't get it your dick is
locked down for 48 hours like what's my
code is locked
you
that for me how do you know this for me
you shouldn't like you got this for me
you didn't even know I was coming up
here but thanks tequila viagra
Mexicans this is one one of the many
gifts we brought to America don't
confuse the kilo with like beer in this
other [ __ ] tequila is it serious
drinking Erica's off you won't remember
what you did that's why your friends
take pictures of you cuz you won't
believe the [ __ ] you did you Alison me
and that was you there I wasn't me I was
you mucked out in church flash in the
priest that wasn't me they they show
your picture no [ __ ] that is because cuz
you can't lie no two people on the
planet have exactly the same areola nose
ears like look at you you know don't do
it now but go home and okay you girls
can do it now look at one nipple and
look at the other one they're not the
same and they're different you know cuz
nipples come in all kinds of varieties
and flavors some people have like really
cute pink nice appealing and bitey
nipples and some people have really ugly
coarse rough you know nipples that are
made out of elbow meat you know who you
are
never dated somebody Mastana boy your
honor is that hair coming out of India
God Buddha there's even sucking floss at
the same time look around anybody would
like clean teeth there old lady has
hairy nipples yeah
why does hair grow there you know what
does it grow there and not where you
know you need it you know there are
really thick hair you know right right
there is I used to know a girl who had
like you know had a couple of hairs
coming out her nipple and she was pretty
and I would tell her you know you know
take him off you know she said [ __ ] you
let me put the ones around your ass I
let her do that I was crying I was
crying for uncle getting old sucks the
worst thing about getting old is
constipation it don't happen to you more
often you know I'm warning you
constipation should be the punishment
like if you're a child molester or some
bottom feeder you know conservation like
give you government cheese that's real
punish them you know this happen
everybody probably happen to you and if
not the next time I happens you you'll
think of me have you ever sat on the
toilet and then you know realize that
your Kaka was bigger than your hole
and you sit there a you need to use that
moment of no return you start feeling
these shots and let you sit on your lazy
butt ah yeah yeah hey you have no choice
but to suck it back up you have to walk
it out walk it out walk it out try to
figure down
this song is for anyone who's currently
in a relationship who's ever been in a
relationship or who will ever be in a
relationship ever go away c'mere c'mere
c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere
c'mere c'mere not go away go away stay
go away c'mere c'mere c'mere c'mere baby
we came here to go away I hate you [ __ ]
off me
stay I don't know if this bothers
anybody else just bothers me this is my
son this is my profession of every song
written on a reality show for every guy
who gets kicked off a reality show who's
trying to like profess his love for the
girl who just got kicked off it's always
a GGC thing about GGC is like it's like
the first three chords you learn when
you play guitar and Shannon I'm gonna
pretend the one Bachelorette and you
just kick me off and I'm like Shannon
don't kick me off don't kick me off
don't kick me off how old are you 22
that's it that was my precious have you
been 18
had you been 17 the song we're gone
Shannon Shannon don't kick me up hold
you oh my god I'm going to jail all
right this song is very inappropriate
very catchy
so sing no words if you know them
I love you you know I do girl
you know I love you yes it's true
I'm in love with you which is why I
think you should swallow my calm swallow
my come follow my calm it will be super
super fun
swallow my comes follow my calm please
do not spit in my steak when you're done
don't get mad cuz I told you I love you
bye
[Applause]
it's so good to be in Los Angeles I
gotta be honest so many illegals you
know who you are more importantly I know
you are you know no seriously it's great
to be Hollywood
although you know we're all worried
about the looming threat from North
Korea town very very dangerous I don't
get out to Los Angeles very often you
know my daughter Tiffany loves it out
here she loves it but she's gross two
kids you know just the other day yet the
other day - anguish with Sarah Palin
what a beautiful woman in my life she's
so beautiful so beautiful if I wasn't
married and she was my daughter I would
go after that Syria I have an unusual
attraction to my daughter Ivanka that's
Tiffany she's grown so anyway she
brought Ted Nugent's great guy Ted
Nugent and killed two squirrels in the
Rose Garden we ate him up right there so
delicious but kids rock you know Kid
Rock always looks like he's dirty is
that dirty and all he's just filthy rich
great guy great guy Kid Rock anyway but
you know people say that working that's
true just while I was on Air Force one
of the way out here I approved the plans
for the wall it's going to be beautiful
it's going to be the first hotels Casino
Resort and wall it's going to be great
so
right you'll be able to come in look out
the window see all the bad hombres in
Mexico you never want to go you're not
going to want to go trust me trust me
not going to want to go but there'll be
a big beautiful door that they could
come in illegally which I'm very happy
about one door not practical but a will
keep the numbers down anyway you know I
always pride myself on us being explores
as Americans and that's why I want to
say and announce here this is historic
here at the Laugh Factory that we
actually planted our flag so place a
long time ago and now it's actually ours
we own the moon it's great we're going
to be making a beautiful base there I
actually for a finder's fee of a small
piece of land there so great so great
we're going to build a beautiful resort
there munna Largo or Luna Rob that's
where the name not sure the name you
know at first lady's birthday today
beautiful Melania is so beautiful she's
so beautiful
you know she loves comedy she wrote a
joke for me I'd like to do it now
because she I asked her what she would
like for a birthday and she said I would
love to be in Washington and you in Los
Angeles and that's what happened but
anyway I want to read this beautiful
because it's so beautiful so nice for
Adelphia this is a joke from Melania if
you have a home with wheels on it and
several cards without you might be a
redneck what a beautiful
you know we're so successful were so
successful with the bombing the bombings
have been great you know just the other
day I was having dinner with president
of China President X I president xi
anywhere delivered I gave him I was like
I have to tell you this news how can I
do it I gave him the most beautiful
beautiful piece of chocolate cake it was
so delicious he didn't care about the
hidden treasures at all so whenever I
have to deliver bad news to you people
I'm just going to make America's cake
again god bless you
[Applause]
[Music]
are there any teachers in here not any
school teachers here on the ground yeah
where what do you teach preschool that's
so sweet
that's so nice I don't think teachers
should get paid any more than they do
oh you mean pay you more than the salary
you agreed upon when you took the job
listen I knew when I took this job
tonight I wasn't getting paid I knew
that going in
that being said I'm doing a good job I
think I should get paid I think you guys
should all have the payment life doesn't
work that way it's not that bad being a
teacher you get off at 3 p.m. every day
you get weekends off you get holidays
off you get summers off you get a
teacher's pet that brings you fruit and
[ __ ] a lot of teachers are [ __ ] their
students now I'll take that job sign me
up if she's a senior she's 18 I'll do it
if she's 17 and keeps her mouth shut
I'll do it you hate me so much
any Trump supporters in here tonight any
DT lovers anyone love DT in here all
right one idiot over there I think he's
a piece of [ __ ] I think he's making a
lot of bad decisions but no one's
looking at the positive to Donald Trump
for example me I'm Way too big of a
[ __ ] to break up with my girlfriend
didn't want to do it for weeks don't
have the backbone yesterday I told her I
was a trump supporter she packed up all
her [ __ ] Donald Trump is making my
apartment great again
if anyone was thinking like oh no he has
a girlfriend wrote that joke six months
ago I will have sex with the effort the
show I will be with you I'm a catch I
know I don't get paid night I don't need
it I'm rich I have nine thousand six
hundred thirteen dollars in my bank
account right now I don't even need this
I don't even need to be here I own a
2008 Prius cash engine light off fully
functioning Prius take you wherever you
need to go baby girl I don't like eating
with people have food allergies excuse
me sir does your pasta have nuts in it
go eat at home you know home if you're
not those kind of questions if you ask a
chef if his pasta has nuts in it he
should be able to dip his nuts in your
pasta thank you it's my best joke it's
all downhill
are there any gun owners in here any gun
owners are you really just saying that
I'm a gun owner I have a 12-gauge
shotgun hanging over my bed you never
know when you need to be a hero
it's not a popular thing to say in Los
Angeles I don't think everyone should be
able to own guns I don't I think gun
laws should be changed if you have a
Facebook profile with no pictures of
yourself just pictures of animals no
guns no guns for that guy if you're over
the age of 20 and you're a virgin no
guns no guns for that guy
no [ __ ] no guns that's that's what I
think that's what I'll do on that
president
[Music]
yeah even have a Josh mccoon everybody a
lot of you people out there like [ __ ] is
this guy yes
like he's awkward kind of wearing weird
pants I'm not awkward I'm just that guy
that gets in super super awkward
situations right I can't play a prank on
my buddies to home get a concussion what
I take one too many nitrous balloons at
a concert I pass out hit a girl she
breaks her wrist
I run a red light one time and I hit a
dog all true right
my buddy brings his sister up to college
I accidentally bang her sorry like I'm
in this really awkward situation I got a
boner on an airplane the other day it
was awesome right what happens is I'm
eating McDonald's breakfast at the
airport that's excited Sky's got all
night it dogs breakfast Hey so eating
this egg McMuffin I'm not paying
attention some girl with like huge cans
walks in front of me I get ketchup all
over my jeans right I run to my bag I
get I all I have in my bag is a pair of
triple XL velour pants because I double
as a rapper in my spare time and I pass
out on the airplane as I took like a
pocketful of xanax and I wake up
and my pants had like made their way all
the way up here like Napoleon at
Waterloo just totally right here and my
guy had nowhere to go but just straight
up so I turned to my left right and
there's these two older women they're
each about 75 years old right and
they're staring straight ahead just
looking at the same page and the SkyMall
catalog like so got a few options here
right I can just ignore the situation
okay
think about public restrooms and you
know whatever and wait for the boner to
go away I could stand up stretch it out
walk down the aisle hope a flight
attendant season maybe join the
mile-high club or three do what I
actually didn't just turn amigo least it
wasn't a wet dream thanks guys I'm Josh
McKoon casual Maffeo calm
so you have nightmares you guys ever
have a nightmare nobody none of you have
nightmares well this is incredibly
isolating I had a nightmare about this
ice with a group of strangers and I was
like if anyone else have nightmares and
you're like watch out those through a
nutty ever tell somebody your nightmare
the next day and they try and one-up it
was a nightmare they had a long time ago
they're like oh you think that's scary
when I was 13 I saw Exorcist and I
believe that my mother's eyes were made
of spiders I'm like I don't give a [ __ ]
about your nightmare I'm trying to make
a connection with you about this fear
that I felt at a time when I was
completely out of control my own
subconscious is betraying me or somebody
will be like oh yeah nightmares I have
night terrors serious point so many they
do that you got night terrors do you
really
oh yeah see you're even [ __ ] smug
about it right now
piece of [ __ ] [ __ ] you and your night
terrors oh yeah I have nightmares
oh I'm sorry about your bad dreams about
female horses but my nights are filled
with terror so you know idea you do this
too I'll go to the person's house and
says they have night terrors and I'll
set up a bed exactly like there is sort
of in a mirror reflection with the feet
of the bed facing and I'll go to sleep
and when they wake up in a cold sweat in
the middle of the night like I also wake
up not to like then I hit a button with
all these Home Depot lights that I've
set up and it's like and I'm like which
is more terrifying your night or my day
[Applause]
hey guys I work here at the Laugh
Factory and you know I hand-picked that
at a clip you just saw it's one of my
favorites I chose it with Karen love so
if you loved it too go ahead and hit the
like button and the subscribe button
because if you do so it would make me a
happy boy
I've try to be resourceful and I'm doing
all the lot of the work myself I went to
go pick up my first day laborer
the other day has anyone done that as
anyone you picked up a day laborer but
not for sex appropriate reaction pick up
a [ __ ] day laborer something it's
just necessary if you're going to do it
if you want to go you want to go to Home
Depot and you want to go in the morning
it's very important you want to get
yourself a first-round draft pick all
right you want to show up after noon
where the C teams out there one eye guy
no gracias
I prefer dos ojos on my daily so I show
up Home Depot in the morning 3040 guys
can run up to the car I Savin to try to
be funny I'm gonna [ __ ] with them a
little bit my horrible Spanish I say
Toto Toto I'll take everybody ok this is
great what are we gonna do clown car
this book and thing and they got it and
they started laughing and then I said I
didn't know how to pick one so I said
Kenneth I'm a sport a who is the
strongest then they all started
spontaneously flexing so I turned into
day-laborer mr. Olympia Allah make their
Hector isthmus clear day
that's funny so now I got a pic one
I just need one guy so it becomes this
weird bachelor rose ceremony where I
going to select my fella and it really
does become this day laborer dating game
show like contestant number one he's
five foot two but don't let that fool
you
he can strap her a refrigerator on his
back like a 12 year old puts on a summer
school backpack meet Enrique contestant
number two not only does he praise the
Lord Jesus his name's Jesus
now let's do some question and answer
shall we
contestant number one what do you think
about the disparaging comments made by
General Stanley McChrystal about Barack
Obama in the Rolling Stone magazine
article and also what do you think about
Barack Obama's reaction um I can do the
plumbing he can do the plumbing good
answer
contestant number two same question okay
well first of all I don't think this
could have come at a worse time for
Barack Obama with unemployment
approaching ten percent and its
popularity waning this is really
horrible timing as far as the comments
made by General Stanley McChrystal if
this is indicative of the kind of
decision-making that is going on in
Afghanistan it's appropriate that he is
no longer holding down that position and
we're lucky to have somebody as capable
of Stanley Petraeus available to help as
far as the comments in the reaction by
President Barack Obama I feel that he
had to assert himself as the commander
in chief and also confirmed the civilian
control of the military in conclusion
I'd like to add that I can also do the
plumbing
[Applause]
you guys see this this news story the
mark Whalberg did an interview recently
where he said he was supposed to be on
one of the flights on 9/11 and for
whatever reason he didn't get on it but
he said that had he been on that flight
he would have stopped his flight from
going down he honestly said that I'm not
making that up and then of course
everyone jumped all over him like what
are like ignorant ill-informed thing to
say and just insulting to everyone else
on the flight and you got a like you got
to agree with that but you guys know had
Mark Wahlberg bid on that flight you
would have stopped it without a doubt
you're the terrorist would have jumped
up and been like in the name of Allah we
are commandeering this ship of infidels
so that we may be martyrs in the so that
we may be martyrs in them so they're in
the holy [ __ ] bro
[Applause]
it's just you on this flight that is
your funky bunch you ridiculous
another this is another ridiculous news
story as well I saw this recently this
was like two weeks ago now but and also
totally true in Saudi Arabia they
accused a woman of sorcery charger on
sorcery and then beheaded her yeah I'm
sort of like how good is stuff going in
your country when you can just kill off
your sorcerers like it's never good here
we like unemployment all-time high
people are protesting in Saudi Arabia
just swimmin in oil and wizards don't
kill them off we'll take them we'll take
your wizards
but things I am celebrity' merican pop
culture you know I love one of the
greatest TV shows of my generation I'm
sure most of you guys as well
you guys look quite young one of the
greatest TV shows in my childhood was
that great TV show Power Rangers have
you seen that show Yeah right
oh pardon just make some noise for power
engineer
I love Power Rangers because Power
Rangers taught me a lot of things right
the lessons contain within Power Rangers
transcends culture race and religion
because power and just taught me that no
matter who you are or where you come
from every Tuesday at 5:30 p.m. a
monster will affect United States and
United States with your intercontinental
rockets and your nuclear would missiles
your only defense against a monster
seven feet tall is five teenagers in
spandex right using karate okay
and the back-up plan is always the same
fifth they are fighting a monster and
I'm also start to lose within 15 minutes
of the show and then suddenly the evil
monster corporation will send down an
energy of life into the monster and now
the monster 7 feet tall becomes
skyscraper tall huge monstrosity and all
the Power Rangers will be like oh my god
that monster is so huge let us all get
into our equally huge robot to fight a
monster they had a robot all along what
the hell are you waiting for
start with the robot head start the
profile
hello today I saw the movie Thor part 2
I didn't see Thor part 1 so frankly I
thought I'd be a little confused like
the time I saw that a adult motion
picture yanked my doodle it's a dandy
part 3 I know in the backstory I mean
hey we're these French ladies you meet
that Benjamin Franklin feller anyways
I'm having a hard time actually remember
this movie because that a little bit too
much popcorn popcorn Sutton tends to you
fight whiskey that is anyway [ __ ]
some space elves and some space Vikings
they have some source space problem with
each other so they got a big space
Rumble for people they're all tan with
frosted tips shining gold [ __ ] here we
go push your liberal Pro gay agenda once
again think about it no more sounds like
a gay dude talking - behold
hi I'm Thor really I'm Thor - feelings
thing there's more luxurious fake blonde
wigs in this movie and there isn't a
lady Gaga concert
I never been with my stepson Alexa
Carlos like to tell them about it
all thunderpants Thor he got himself
mixed up with his little girl played by
the chick from Black Swan not the hot
one the other one
now most long-distance relationships are
like normal relationships but you're
being cock-blocked by the United States
here they're being cock-blocked by
entire solar system [ __ ]
don't worry he gets hit on might his
grown ass warrior of Xena princess woman
he's like oh no I gotta go home and
change my tampon she then made me think
maybe Thor's not I mean I mean he's gay
I mean he is a great God right he's a
Norse God where the [ __ ] is Norse
door and Black Swan that finally see
each other and she's like sleep
[ __ ] where were you you didn't
call me you didn't text me yeah man yeah
bruh Thor said [ __ ] I was busy saving
the goddamn universe didn't you see it
again Avengers she's like it's not good
enough I need more from you I need you
to like
call me Skype with me send me flowers
pif my wrench is goddamn it man masking
my first wife you say the same [ __ ] I
might never save the world per se but
once I had a guy's tongue out with a
salad Tong while he was having an
alcohol induced epileptic attack its ass
or the same thing we about two-thirds
known the movie now at that point
everything again [ __ ] up they're
talking about astrological physics and
at air and space fabric one time I was
at Waffle House I asked his girlfriend
says made of space fabric and she said
no why I said cuz your ass is out of
this world I can't go back to that wall
perhaps no more ain't wait the big bad
elf he got a weapon called ether I don't
know ether is but [ __ ] natalie portman
she starts stripping [ __ ] like she
huffed a can of paint I did that one
time
that's actually the first time that Sam
here talked to me after Huff can of
paint
ain't that right saying now all these
superhero pictures they have a scene the
end is that from another movie during
the credits and this one we got that
actor Maurizio Arenado playing some
weird old blonde hair and science lab
that's not what I paid for shit's like
you're with your lady you're about to
make the magic happen and right when you
do suddenly she turns into Burrell
Toronado
I don't wanna [ __ ] I won't [ __ ] my
chambers work I mean I don't I don't I
don't you know I mean see I don't wanna
[ __ ] now I sound gay cuz I'm done I
don't want but you I don't know since I
have some Tennessee white whiskey
I look younger look I'm 28 all right but
I look like one of these emo kids yeah
you see these emo kids with the tight
skinny jeans don't they get on look at
my jeans I got it from my little sister
yay forever 21 forever emo kids I can't
stand the music it's the music that gets
on my nerves too right if I lay here hey
there Delila your [ __ ] in New York City
boo-hoo-hoo
it's horrible man it's 15 year-olds at 6
Neil's trying to write about love and
they don't know I think about love isn't
that the problem with it you can't write
about love until you know about love and
you don't know about love until you've
had that first pregnancy scare you know
what I'm saying
all right look everybody look - right we
all been there everybody in this room
has had that first pregnancy scare where
you're like I need a job in a promotion
what am I gonna do it's always a worse
remember when you thought you finished
inside of her and you're like please
jump it out come on get out of there
stuck her in the tub gets him so come on
turn on the faucet so let's get it out
someone give me a ShamWow since it gone
I've got to keep up with technology
though nowadays man like I'm I'm never
gonna be a booty call
I realize that right I've seen
craigslist ads I'm not gonna be a booty
call all right I'm not it I don't look
at my feet dangle when I sit on
barstools that's not sexy you know this
hey what's up hey yeah you don't don't
mind the pronouns I came to the menu
it's weird because you got to be sexy to
be a boutique you know how hard it is
for guys to be sexy ladies have you
asked your man that dance for you it
looks ridiculous doesn't it do a little
dancer hole like this no like this well
you want me do some Beyonce Oh all the
single ladies come on the sexiest thing
a guy does and every guy does this is
lying you in bed and Tiger crawls from
your toes to your head that's the
sexiest thing we do every guy like hey
what's up oh yeah
yeah I'm a little tiger just getting
some water you little tiger get some
water right and we tried to hold it but
then we start shaking after three
minutes because we haven't done a
push-up since 98 every guys been there
like oh my god I'm running out of breath
please the sweats dripping somebody
tapped me out tapped me out
sucks for me my hair gets in the way I'm
like will you are you where are you you
get on top you have the scrunchie
my wife is a very very very cool lady
she's very cool she has to be to put up
with me and I I actually knew that I was
going to marry her on our first date we
ever went out I had gone out the night
before and had gotten a little too drunk
and my stomach was really not feeling
very good but I knew I didn't want to
cancel on her so we ought to dinner and
it was one of those magical nights guys
and I really do hope everybody has a
night like this where you're sitting
across from the person that you
basically know you're going to spend the
rest of your night life with and I've
sent across myrrh and we're laughing and
we're joking and things are going
amazing and I feel a sneeze coming on
now I sneeze like this ah like I'm a lot
like a mouth pleaser the [ __ ] worst
the mouth sneezer is the worst so I
don't want to scare her on our first
date so instead of haha I plugged my
nose and when I plug my nose I [ __ ] my
pants swear to God first date future
wife poopy pants everybody right and I'm
sitting there in the expression she must
have seen a change on my face cuz it was
like
cuz she reached over she grabbed my hand
and she was like I know it's a great
date I feel it too and I was like and I
hope you don't feel it from across the
table she say excuse me I have to use
the restroom and I was thinking you have
to use the restroom I am the [ __ ]
restroom at this point in time right so
what's my instinct when she leaves
what's as mine as a man what's my
instinct run you know why I didn't do
that man I'd [ __ ] in my pants that's why
I didn't do that that's one of the you
know that that's this run here you know
that that terrible that terrible run
from your car to your front door with
your keys in your hand like this [ __ ]
that by the way let me ask everybody
speaking of which when you're in your
car why do you have to ship more when
you see your house like what is it about
your house sometimes I don't even know I
got a [ __ ] I pull into my drive on I
come out of [ __ ] up my car
crazy right I'm not the only person to
ever [ __ ] in the front lawn am I am I
the only person
so I decide I just I got a I got a tell
her yes what else I have run through the
rolodex in my head I got nothing I gotta
be honest with her so she comes back she
sits now I said I have to tell you
something and she said you could tell me
anything and I said or we're about to
find out are we
I [ __ ] my pants you know what she said
you know how I knew she was for me she
looked me straight in the eye and she
goes he knew it I know you [ __ ] your
pants I'm sitting two feet away from you
you don't think I can smell that you
[ __ ] your pants
everybody in this section knows that you
have [ __ ] in your pants I was like no
way and the guy next to me was like yeah
dude
she said you know I went to the bathroom
so you could leave with some dignity but
you're here when I get back what's the
deal with that
and I said how are we going to get out
of here she said well we're gonna
pretend like you're [ __ ] and walk
you out the front door that my friends
is love
but here's the thing it's almost like
alright so they have that one alright
that's cool
good good for the brothers good for the
way they get this one alright and that's
cool but you know what for every
positive there's a negative okay now
look at it alright brothers got big PBS
but if you ever notice they have tiny
ankles you ever notice that [ __ ]
this is this is what this whole Thicke
brothers ankles are just like that right
there that's all fake they are just like
that that's why they're always wearing
high-tops that's why they walked away
they do they're not pimping they're
limping that [ __ ] hurts it's too much
weight the booty the Dingaan like ah
[ __ ] that's damn [ __ ] hold up mop like a
hold on hold on hurt over [ __ ] my ankles
hurt like a mom like a it's damn oh my
god
so just recently left a day job I'm a
former teacher 12 years in the city one
of those hot teachers and I'll tell you
worked for a small program called a
couple kids left behind great work with
the big brothers big mother's program
and I'll tell you you're gonna talk to
these parents about bad news you could
open up with some good news before you
get to the meat of the sandwich the bad
news just make sure you say something
nice at the end call the good news
sandwich I like your son he finished all
his homework but he stabbed me I'm okay
here's a bad day at work on a field trip
a little girl stepped in dog doo and
then wiped it off on the back of my pant
leg and I can't rub her nose in it right
I can't do that I got to be professional
I got a document in I gotta talk to the
girl's parents I got to push her down a
flight of stairs I can't do that you can
pay another kid to do it
it's great to be here in old Vegas
though I moved down here to LA with my
wife my just a white couple to like
nothing interesting about us
like if you saw me and my wife walking
down the sidewalk you'd be like well
they're about to buy a dehumidifier
that's what they were out to do you
wouldn't be wrong you'd hear me say it
if you broke into our house and looked
in our cupboards you'd be like Kirkland
everything okay I know who lives here
this is a white this is one Costco
member lives here absolutely
that's all Costco is have you been there
late recently it's just middle aged
white people trying to find the biggest
mayonnaise that's all it is just guys
and cowboy hats being like this one's
the size of a toilet it's pretty good I
like this look how big everything is
just walking out with a thing of cashews
this is good this is good
I like this my favorite part of Costco
if you've been is the men's clothing
section you ever see that it's just a
heap in the middle no shelves so no
organization like Costco is like get in
there you [ __ ] baboons bunch of cargo
shorts all one size they got a
drawstring they're all dad size they'll
fit your dad body get in there get dumb
idiots all the pockets come preloaded
with Kleenex just loose Kleenex priest
nada done you're gonna have a great time
here at Costco love it live in it we
like living in California though we like
live in this like part of the country I
guess it's very warm and nice you guys
have very big confident bugs down here
I'll tell you that much your bugs are
big they've been around for a while
they're confident like at least you see
a gross bug in Canada you can be like
well the winter will kill that the
winter like the cold will kill that but
now down here they just get bigger and
stronger like who are you know I could
like we moved at this apartment in in
Hollywood and this is a big thing that
happens I signed the lease in the second
after I signed the lease the landlord
looks at me and goes oh I definitely
should have said this I think that's a
terrible start yeah whatever you're
about to say you sure [ __ ] should
have said it and this is what she said
she goes oh I should have said this but
the last guy that lived here saw ghosts
I'm like that's pretty big that's a
pretty big one the last guy that lived
here saw ghosts and she tried to
sugarcoat it a little bit she was like
oh no no no it was just like a like a
small bully goes ghost was like a little
one like it like it's like that's gonna
make it better like I'm like oh it's not
like an adult
ghost that's fine I think that's why
it's not okay I can handle that I think
that's fine just a little scamp that's
fine and that's I told her I told her I
was like I don't care because I don't
believe in ghosts I don't I don't
believe in ghosts I don't which is true
I don't I don't I don't I don't I don't
believe it goes I'm like everyone else I
don't believe in ghosts when I'm like
around people like right now don't
believe it goes I'm fine good talking
about girls who cares [ __ ] who cares
but when I'm alone 100% believe in
ghosts
that's how it goes so scary they're only
scary when you're depleting and there's
what happens in this apartment is when
I'm with my wife very brave I could be
like haha who cares if there's [ __ ]
ghosts here Wow with a second I'm alone
in the apartment this is how this is my
remedy for not wanting to see the ghosts
of my apartment I'm alone I just walk
around and loudly describe everything
I'm doing like I'm just loud and stupid
cuz if I know ghosts you have to be like
quiet for them to do things to you don't
like I'll be loud and then we'll have a
chance to do things
that's it's worked I hadn't seen once
look if I know I'm alone in the
apartment I'll get in the apartment just
go I guess I'm in the apartment now go
to the kitchen - so if there was that
ghost watching that he would just be
like well he's already freaking out I'm
not gonna bother
[Applause]
[Music]
uh you know I'm realizing there's a
range in me you guys realize there's an
adult I realized like there's a shitty
part of me you know that wakes up early
and there's that guy and then there's
the guy who loves his mom and she like
that too you know there's that guys and
there but I've noticed something about
myself especially because I'm out here
more why am I the worst possible version
of myself when I'm driving why why am I
just the [ __ ] like I just like out of
the car I'm like hey I know when I see
you man I just get in that car and I'm
just yeah I just
I'm just fully erect when I go through
red lights I'm just the worst bird I'm
like there's a lot of good in there
let's get in the car it's just hate and
rage and I think like and it sucks cuz
UK it's no perception like if you're if
you're a pedestrian and you're like oh
but the second you're in your car you're
like can't we don't see the humanity we
lose our perspective because if I'm to
walking and that's on my right and the
second time driving I play a little game
but let's see how close I can get to
this guy without actually hidden you
know like that's a real game I play in
my head that's actually going on in
there like I literally think I just hit
him in the heel a little bit he'll learn
his lesson like whoa
I should have walked faster that was my
bad I I apologize that that was on me
that was he taught me a lesson right
there that was he's a good man
right that he wasn't trying to murder me
no trying to teach me a lesson
yeah
I'll take a little bit about me man so
alright so uh I grew up in East LA with
five sisters thank you very much
when you grew up with five sisters later
on in life this is what you look like
see most little boys go playing
basketball baseball football things like
that not me I grew up watching nothing
but Disney movies and for physical
activity the Macarena
now I remember in the second grade the
teacher was like what do you guys want
to be when you grow up and all the
little boys are like a police officer a
firefighter a baseball player
they're like mark kids what do you want
to be when you grow up I was like
Aladdin and when you grow up with five
sisters you get mad like your sisters
this one girl was all cells are on the
yard and I was like I can show you right
and this girl was like girl you sound
like a girl I got off when you have my
sisters you get mad like your sisters on
like Hill yeah I thought yeah we got all
into it right Mike Mike I'm getting
suspended they gotta call my grandma to
come pick me up my grandma gatha she
like get bustle he's not bleeding why
are you calling me like I gotta go to La
Mesa why do you do
and then so my grandma she's just
they're like well he's very catty and he
argumentative and my grandma's like you
know why he's like that okay you know
what she's like he has five sisters you
know what okay okay do not and the
teachers trying to defend me like no he
just he just like musicals it's fine
my grandma's like you're not
understanding me Oh Kayla he's gonna be
different okay okay I know believe me I
know because you know why we go to the
birthday parties
and they always have hamburgers and
weenies always weenies always raining
always
[Music]
you
[Music]
the thing about me is I know I'm not a
nerd is I like sports and I like comic
book movies on this like even level I
don't know enough information about
either subjects to take a stance when
nerds debate each other yes I myself
like I think the Dark Knight Rises is a
good movie but every time I say that
public nerds that I don't even know will
be line it right at me and they come at
me with this nerd confidence when the
hell that's are becoming a thing
nerds and anybody who starts a sentence
with will actually that's a [ __ ] nerd
who's attempting to really a day by
grooming your arm
the dirt comes out I swear to God I
think the dark in irise is good movie
and he comes at me and he's like well
actually the director fails to realize
that it's Bane can't take his mask off
how did he eat what that real that's why
you didn't like the movie you want to
watch Bane eat nothing but chaos going
on in that entire movie what are you
saying it after they blow up the bridges
and then kid that Batman and break it
back put them in that prison all the
movies be ten times better if they cut
to a scene where Bane is out of Denny's
eating a Grand Slam you [ __ ] idiot
just sit in a booth with eight of his
cronies we've got some a squish up on
forehead like these eggs are delicious
brothers our cholesterol Rises but now
every time I watch The Dark Knight Rises
I'm sitting on my couch go and we'll
[ __ ] out of the goddamn nerd
and for snares holy crud sports nerds
are just as bad sports nerds talk about
every sport there ever was every player
and every generation of player they put
it into one conversation and I have no
clue what's going on just sitting there
weather like it was started for football
though like you know dude I think Tony
Romo needs about Messiah I mean he's a
choke artist who's worse than Tim Tebow
is just a glorified running back I mean
it's passing yard average is worse than
Shawn figures batting average which is
somehow worse it'll Garrett batting
average after he died of his own disease
I mean think about if Cain Velasquez
going to jump through the Ring of
Anderson Silva is going to get his ass
knocked out because who had more knock
out Palmer earlier Mike Tyson Mike Tyson
had more knockouts the Michael Phelps at
gold medals at Lance Armstrong had nuts
now let's think about it on an emotional
one look at a half with Tigers he going
to win another title name look at a
short game is you're going to win I
don't think so did you think is my and
his talents doing the divorce I mean
what's Omega we're going to do I'll tell
you what he's going to easily sell Cole
we start passing the ball more often I'm
getting tired of this ball Archer as
well LeBron with Miami in the first
place inside the green seat would you
toss it because Magic Johnson never did
that and that's very cute himself made
[Applause]
[Music]
I was in London over the last summer
right it's like me and five of the cast
mates we're doing like a wild and out
tour across the country and we're
talking some of the locals but the
language barrier because people in
London like they speak English but not
really like if I say personality they'll
be like personality he'd be like there's
more letters than they're leaving a
couple lab I see what you say it tomato
tomahto like okay I was talking to one
dude it was explaining to me how like
they had different names with him they
call things different names when we call
them and the example he used was like
instead of calling them like boxers or
underwear he called them it's KN i ck
ers knickers which was dope news for me
because I just talked about my underwear
the whole time and nobody could say [ __ ]
I got to turn into Denzel walk around
adjust my boxers people be like what are
those look like my knickers like all
those add oppa but I thank you that my
favorite pair I die for my knickers
skinny-dip in the girls like you not
gonna take those office like [ __ ]
please come on white people have your
the speech impediment do not repeat that
it's a very fine grammatical so we're a
world man left like words just have too
much power white people can't say
certain things around black people just
like black people y'all can't do certain
things around white people like reach
for your driver's license
real [ __ ] look how uncomfortable all the
white people got it's real [ __ ] though
you happy able to talk about like real
things haven't I told that joke in a
long beach like three weeks ago right
and this lady actually came up to me
after the show to complain about it it
was it was a white woman because white
people love to be offended for other
people favorite extracurricular activity
this is kind of serious bounds a funny
point to it this lady comes back after
the show she was like I don't think you
should do that joke I was like what joke
I knew which one very I don't think it
was the Amish thing I set her off she
comes up to me she's like how many you
should do that job like like like the
one about black people whatever just
goes like I don't think you should do it
because I don't know you say you grew up
with black best friend who's got their
alarm right now
who's taking max at this hour like [ __ ]
out of here it's been 20 minutes Jesus
Christ
I gotta restart my character his lady
comes up to me I've told the joke is she
she comes up to me she's like I don't
think you should do that job because
like how you come off like you say you
grew up with like black best friends
like you talk the way you do like do you
dress the way you do like I feel like
you just come across like something like
you're not you come across acting like a
wigger that's like first of all nobody
has said wigger since Malibu's Most
Wanted name that's not that's not a
thing anymore she was like okay well
then how do you explain it
okay let it this way I'm 21 years old in
the year 2017 an era where let's say
hip-hop music is one of largest genres
of music in the entire world celebrated
by everybody so because I dressed as her
away talking certain way or hangout
certain people like the world shouldn't
be split up into like black people do
this white people do this if you try to
be something another culture is doing
you trying to like take away be
something you're not
I've been divided just not brings us
together now let me think about it my
entire generation basically is cultural
appropriation which for those you don't
know what that is that's me
part of someone else's culture
incorporated into yourself your art form
whatever it is you do to better yourself
while you're putting it towards she goes
you don't find that to be stealing I
said no it's learning do you think about
it the way you learn about someone the
more you understand them right the more
you understand them the more likely want
to get along with them right so it's all
about common ground for example when I
walked on stage I'm sure every dude in
here was like man I got nothing - come
with us - probably not gonna like him
probably not gonna think he's funny but
as soon as I come up here and say
something like boo in here like big
titties all those guys are like let's
give him a chance
you know they say you should never ask a
woman a question you don't want to know
the answer to I'm gonna go a step
further
never fellows never asked a woman a
question you go over remember to answer
- all right here we go so in my last
relationship in the first three months
my girl said Clint I trust you ask me
anything
and I'll answer honestly the question I
asked her that I needed to know and I'll
need anybody had judging me I said
what's the longest you've ever driven
just to have sex it's a very important
why she gotta ask a lady tonight fellas
I gotta know how committed to the Dixie
is okay since we all want to act like
we'd a virgin show up in here women only
round of applause how many women in here
drove a substantial distance meaning
over an hour just to have sex makes me
moist how far you drive two hours is
this is that the dick you drove for no
it's gonna be a long ride we all go
along good night
my last girlfriend to me she drove 11
hours for sex I said man there must have
been some impeccable penis fast forward
a year later we in a relationship and I
said babe I'll miss you I can't wait to
come home cuz when I come home you
coming over and it's going down and she
said no it's not because I'm tired and I
don't feel like driving that far and
that's what my [ __ ] memory kicked in
and I'm like [ __ ] you only live 10
minutes away what you mean you don't
feel like driving that far and I learned
this at that moment fellas pay attention
Connor
pay attention girl never try to out
petty a woman during the argument you
always don't lose see when men argue all
we want to do is say something make you
hurt a little bit ah it hurt it's over
women on the other hand when y'all argue
it's like in the back of your mind
there's an imaginary brother on your
shoulder yelling in your ear Mortal
Kombat's finish him and y'all want to go
for the [ __ ] jugular yo no all I said
was I bet you about that other brother
you drove 11 hours to come see me and
she said haha you know what you're right
if he's there you let me know and I'll
be there in five minutes
that [ __ ] ain't funny man [ __ ] you go
here's the last thing before I get up
out of here yo you know what the worst
thing about being single is the worst
thing for me is now I got to start all
over again and meet new people I don't
give a [ __ ] about your favorite color
let's just move on to what this bout to
be right just my mother so um so I had
no car and I'm taking the bus and I saw
a beautiful young lady on the bus I said
hey my name is Clint I would love to
take you out sometime
let me take the [ __ ] hood right Amy
she said take me out where you gonna
take me you take the bus
this means you can't take me no way
guess what I don't take nobody to take
the bus now in the back of my mind why
y'all laughing I'm like [ __ ] you take
the bus too
you can't be picky but I'm a Christian
so I didn't say that
miss you said you shaved like a nice guy
but right now at this point in my life I
don't need me I said yes you do you need
me for this day it's a bad idea
yeah here's how I knew she was in her
dress she looked at me she's like I need
you for what Bobo Matt Iseman is they
have a plastic penis kappa yo chest on
the bus or printshop Boulevard
so I just got off at Slauson Avenue man
and the reason why I got offense losses
because the marathon continues man my
name is Clank oh yeah thank y'all
[Music]
it feels good to be back down here now
lay clap with you from somewhere else
clap don't get lost out here because
these street names will kill you I'm the
first time I got lost I was like man
come down last single and pass over
Samba send it t and Vince and pìkô make
a left on Piko when you get to LaBrie
and pìkô that's where I'm at you mean
Rosco's yeah I'm at Roscoe's from this
hard to date out here in LA it's hard to
get in clubs it's hard to do everything
out here it took me two years again into
a club and then one thing saved me hang
on oh forget well the white man came out
with the clipboard he looked at me he
said Derek Fisher 3 he's there right
this way
hello my friends I said don't [ __ ] this
up I'm Derek Fisher
[Applause]
I didn't even know who he was I'm from
Atlanta I'm in the club like you saw
that home run I hit yeah I'm good then
you got to get girls drunk quick out
here if you want to get him home cuz
clubs closed earlier ain't nothing worse
than getting a girl back in your car
getting her back to the house but she
starts sobering up on the drive cuz it
ain't nothing but 1:45 in the morning
you didn't plan it right you know what I
mean they started asking questions if
you Derek Fisher why you try this
raggedy car cause my real car in the
shop
hey we here if you dared Fisher why are
you living this raggedy house cuz my
real house in the shop - [ __ ] you want
these baseball tickets or not goddamn I
hate that la clothes at two o'clock in
the morning that's sucks cuz black
people don't leave the house - like 1:15
1:30 we got 30 minutes to get damn party
we got a double back cuz most of us got
a DD we left the iron on we got to go
back home cut into time I missed New
York City I used to be on Saturday Night
Live you can party all day all night in
New York City
I got professional parties my friends
out there they do a big day where
they're gonna go to work the next day to
the club that night leave the club that
morning go straight to their job sure
people need jobs still drunk go up there
- awesome all right class settle down
the job teacher is still loose of the
booth don't
we're the proud parents make some noise
if you a proud parent make some noise
I'm a proud dad I have a four year old
son my son is mixed his mom is white I'm
black of course they say mixed kids are
the cutest kids is true my son is
[ __ ] adorable but here's the thing
they don't tell you about the flaws or
mixed kids like nobody told me my son
wouldn't be able to [ __ ] dance this
is [ __ ] all right
yeah what's up we doing this right here
I'm like yo Chad what do you know we had
the black friend the reunion do this
[ __ ] my grandmother raised 14 black
kids in the hood by herself 14 yeah I'm
gonna watch myself for two hours she
called me up she was like come get this
little boy I was like why grandma you
gotta watch kids she was like I'm gonna
watch this kind of kid she was like I
told him to sit down he got mad and ran
to hit his head against the wall I was
like I know there's my little white kids
do you know that they hit the head
against the wall and fallout was around
a black guy we could not fall out could
we growing up no cuz our parents would
do what they would leave us right there
right and then it would get mad you from
public then walk by and they will
[ __ ] kick you in the face yeah then
it would drag you around the store like
I grew up in the 80s like you can [ __ ]
your kids and babies like my mom beat
the [ __ ] out of me yeah you can't beat
your kids no more like I want to spank
my son but I can't like first of all
he's white he will tell me it's all
right he'd be like I know my rights dad
I don't know
not that smart
Perrin I'm not that smart either I
thought it was gonna be a better parent
like my son came home the other day and
asked me for help with his homework you
guys try to help the kids with their
homework
you know this that new math yeah I don't
know none of this stuff they ask you me
asking me for help I'm giving up excuses
I'm like uh yeah I graduated already
yeah how you thinking we got this house
and where's your teacher she's supposed
to be teaching you why do you asking me
that's my job my job is to tell jokes
I don't know was he doing I got one of
the bad questions right I was like yes I
got him right he was like dad you gotta
explain the answer I was like you'll
[ __ ] that explanation [ __ ] I got it he
was like no daddy my teachers gonna ask
me how I came up with the answer I was
like yo [ __ ] your teacher [ __ ] that
explanation [ __ ] but here's the thing
you got to be careful what you say the
kids right cuz kids will go back to
school say the exact same thing so now
he's at school the next day and he's
like yeah my daddy said [ __ ] you [ __ ]
that explanation [ __ ] he got it being
his mom work together anymore we aren't
together anymore she is now married she
married a Mexican dude which is great we
get along because what we got in common
is we both have a baby by up Adisa daddy
white girl right that don't know no hood
things nothing hood like the other day
my son got to a fight at school and his
mom called me up oh my god I can't
believe no fighting I take him out of
public school and put him in private
school and pay for it I was like [ __ ]
damn weird yeah she was like he's right
here I was like yo put him on the phone
I was like yo Taylor what happened man
he was like she slapped me and I lost
daddy okay
your mama's salad all right where's her
stepdad he was like he's right here I
was like gonna put him on the phone I
was like y'all Jose what happened man he
was like oh [ __ ] nobody a shirt kid in
my whole [ __ ] kids I was like yo
how's he losing fight like I'm black
you're Mexican not supposed to lose no
fights like if I can't show him how to
do it dry by you can at least show him
how to stab but doing three times and
walk away I don't care how is it losing
fight I'm single down here's was worried
about being single I was just in a
relationship and we broke up and now I
gained the gained weight my relationship
so now I'm feeling self-conscious
because I might out date right and I
want to get out there and I lost all my
confidence so what I'm doing to get my
confidence back I'm going through a gay
club and I'm letting all the gay guys
hit on me that's right cuz gay guys give
the best compliments they give you a
pile or little pouches [ __ ] bit I'm like
thank you thank you
can we buy you a drink uh I'm just here
for the compliments of this day all
right I gotta go
in conclusion last joke this was for my
fellas my fellas only for my fellas you
ever like jacked off right before you
supposed to go out with somebody new but
as soon as you bust a nut you don't want
to go low boy you be sitting on that
house like sit outside in emotion I
thought we was going out you should have
got here five minutes ago
hey listen that fact you guys would be
great thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm glad to be out of the dating game
how many married people we have an ass I
name a lot of them couple she's some
four miserable people in front that's
perfect
well I'm glad to be out of the dating
game though man cuz it got confusing
like how many single people we got a lot
nice absolutely man I'm glad I'm glad to
be out because it got confusing and got
really confusing for me like these girls
would fool you man you'd walk around the
mall and they got these baby doll
t-shirts on their boobs are sticking out
to here tummies are showing and they say
something on I'm like smart okay you
talk to him you're like malicious false
advertising woman this is night wearing
glasses it's not fair or it'll say
pretty I'm pretty my favorites princess
huh juicy on the ass I'm all for
self-expression ladies I think it's a
wonderful thing if you're gonna put
something on your chest to express
yourself that's great I mean this is
America you can vote now how awesome is
that but I'm just saying ladies if
you're gonna help the guys out man if
you're gonna express yourself on your
chest just say what you know don't write
pretty that's obvious we can tell if
you're pretty right needy we don't know
if you're needy right needy real big
all right sup like nag nag nag nag nag
nag nag nag nag nag nag nag nag nag net
the long shirt folks neck I don't know
about something like a bipolar or psycho
[ __ ] just mow the lawn slave
so Jay and Silent Bob Goodall is an
intervention podcast we gather together
and kind of make sure that muses staying
on the straight and narrow so it's about
getting sober for this guy we don't
[ __ ] tell you to get sober and [ __ ]
we believe our ethos is or ethos is
handle your [ __ ] high that's it if
you can handle it fantastic if you can't
like this fool back away from it and
[ __ ] like that so we talked a lot about
getting clean but before we ever talk
about that like we like to talk about
getting dirty man so we turned to mr.
Jason Mewes first story take us away sir
stop so this is a podium so there was it
this was like a second date and I was
hanging out with this girl on we went to
this Mexican restaurant and when we were
there you know as the second date so we
hadn't really done anything and we which
she's like oh I'm gonna go to the
bathroom we were like don't eating and
stuff and chatting and flirting a little
bit and again back in the day and I
guess still now I'm a little obnoxious
so I'd be like yo let me get buzzed
tonight maybe we'll do a little somethin
and I'd be like I was real obnoxious so
anyway I be obnoxious and and sort of
hint of things and stuff she wouldn't
really feel her out but I'm like [ __ ]
that she said she had to go the bathroom
I had to go the bathroom so we walked to
the bathroom and you know it's always at
girls boys and she went in I'm like
[ __ ] I'm gonna try to get in there so
I go in the girls room and no one's in
there I'm like looking around no one's
in there and so she gets she's in the
stall and so I'd knock I don't like it's
me and I peek in and I'm like feeling
slow cuz I'm like she's either gonna
throw me out and then I'll just leave
him like oh I just was kidding and I
thought but she's like come on you know
I came in I shut the door and then she
was pissed and you think this is weird
I'm pissing in front of you know we
haven't even fooled around or anything I
was like yeah I know but and I was a
little buzzed up so I was like you think
I can maybe wipe your pose
which why I don't know
I don't know why cheers yeah there is
not a woman on the planet who ever wants
to hear you see anything and then end it
with the word plus she was down she was
down why I want the way purpose I don't
know but I was like you know what I'm
gonna grab I grab my sister wait how do
you do it I remember her show me which
was pretty pretty cool and fun awesome
but she wrapped her toilet the toilet
paper around her four fingers so it was
like which I usually just go like this
punch it up and [ __ ] and I'm like oh I
picked it and then I go down and I give
it a wipe and then of course I give it a
wipe and I see and I'm like that was
easy and then like we're eye-to-eye and
so then I'm like go for the kiss and
then I'm right there and applause you're
the only guy I know who's just like now
that I've wiped your puss let us kiss I
know weird thing cos now anything
running the weird thing was is I didn't
care that there was just pissed there I
guess I never carried that there was
mister because there's always pissed
there but then I was like [ __ ] I'm
gonna go for the little puss rub right
vagina
there's always pissed there
my life in pictures by Jason Mira's
you thinking about it now but you know
so I'm down there and his little piss on
the hands I don't care but I start
playing I'm smooching and stuff and
she's getting into it and then she sort
of squats up so I weasel my way
underneath that the toilet and I'm
facing this way and we're kissing I'm
rubbing her boobs and stuffing that we
hear someone so then I put my feet up
and we sit there for a minute
and then they leave but we're still
kissing a little bit I'm still playing
and stuff and then she pulled my pants
down and I'm [ __ ] she's squats on me
but then I realized it's real awkward
because the toilet was like you know in
the [ __ ] bottom as well it's like
loose and it's like horrible so it's
like pump up so then I get up and I try
to be all manly back then I was a little
stronger I pick her up and there was
like one of those nice metal toilet
paper rolls and it was big it was like
this big so I was like said a perfect
height and I like this but it was
perfect height so I was like okay
okay and the awesome thing as she put it
was just enough room for her to put her
legs against the metal thanks I was
going good and we're going and I was a
little buzzed and I had to slip a couple
fights then so I was lasting like a
champ I'm like good and it was a good
thing to think their medal was like
kapapapapapapa
and then we hear someone yes
why does one wanna last like a champ in
the [ __ ] toilet stall of all the
times were like I could get it done in
two minutes isn't this the time it is it
is and that's usually my motto but
because I took them I was lasting like a
champ I'm not saying I wanted to last
like a champ but I was one because of
the awkwardness there the toilet the
distractions and the pills it's like I
was thinking about it I've talked told
you this before like usually I'm like I
don't want to come yet I don't want to
come yet and I like peek and [ __ ] and I
started thinking about that one eye is
creeping me out just if you're gonna
make your [ __ ] face leave both your eyes
over there so so I'm a little distracted
but I'm like and I want to come but I
can't and I hear someone to be stopped
not to mention that the metal was
getting loud because you know those
Theobald's are like that they can move
so then we stop I'm like I'm like what
should we do we should get out of here
come on you come and she said I'm not
gonna come either so we get done and we
go out and I'm just like alright but
it's already started but in my head too
I'm like oh my gosh should we stop and
she starts walking is she gonna be like
why the [ __ ] am I [ __ ] this fool you
just started hanging out you know I'm
saying no but that's where my head goes
so I'm almost like a sure maybe we
should stay here and she's like no so we
start walking down we're done eating
there we're done doing a little [ __ ]
and we're walking and then I'm like hey
let's go we see a park like a playground
and I'm like let's go on a playground
it's it's light at at this point there's
no kids there anything
well it's awesome is there is one of
those you know those [ __ ] they're
like the the bridges that like are like
this they've been and when you run over
them it's like it's like a wave so I'm
like some of us can't run over the
so we go run and we're like running over
and we're playing on it for a second
we're talking and I just start kissing
her again and we started kissing and we
start going she has to been like I'm
[ __ ] a six year old talking wee-wee
in the bathroom he wants to [ __ ]
white me for the first time I know who's
running around on a [ __ ] playground
like she liked it we're having fun oh
you're going down the slide really this
is the best time of our lives on the
[ __ ] that was what's thinking no we were
having fun words sitting there we
started chatting a little bit and then I
started kids now we go down to this
bridge piece so we're down on this
wobbly bridge and I get down and we're
kissing and making out and then people
would pull down our pants overhead
getting down and I pull my pants and
then we start [ __ ] yeah and it was
horrible looking like this but then we
start I start going ahead it but then I
realized it's like this and I can all
add a sink and [ __ ] and I'm like oh [ __ ]
is that for a minute there I was doing
good before it started messing up the
rhythm and sort of gone but it was like
whoo and there was like half half half a
pole with the way but the wave and she
was like okay
diggin making noise and it was all I was
getting excited I was about to get going
there but then it's we're getting messy
take a deep breath
I don't ever want to be in the middle of
a [ __ ] interview situation with her
like how did he die exactly I think he
was so wrapped up in this story forgot
to breathe so so it started getting out
of sync and we're it's moving and I'm
moving and but that which wasn't good
because now I realize like it's like
falling almost pulling out but then the
end and then pulling out it's all off
beat and rhythm and stuff and she's like
this is weird and stuff so I was like
how about I get up and then I'll get on
my back and [ __ ] and then you can be on
top and it probably won't shake as much
so I'm on my back now she gets on top
and she's like did they did they did
they did thanks to those and it's
rocking but it's rocking with the rhythm
now so it was like up down up down poof
and it was a yeah yeah found your groove
it was a groove [ __ ] music on his
groove on and she has the oh and then I
was like she's like I'm coming I'm gonna
come and I was like I'm gonna and I was
about thinking about coming it was about
to come and all sudden the [ __ ] of
would happened to just [ __ ] go snip
and she said I'm coming and she came and
I was at all and I had to lean up and
[ __ ] in the thing pinch my skin a couple
times which distracted me from coming on
my lap so then she thank you for coming
you're lucky or not a paraplegic yes
like how did this happen you're like
[ __ ] on a little bridge
and it gave me like you know those blood
[ __ ] blood best yeah little or gave
me a couple of them on the back I was it
oh but I think it felt so good and
you're awesome and then so then we're
walking home now and she came she did
you come I was like no look man it's
happening to me look at my back she's
like that's not coming thank you she was
he's like she's like oh man and I was
like yeah it's alright and stuff and
then we get close to her house and
there's like a little there's like a
little garden area at their apartment
and there's a bench so as we sit on the
bench for chatting again the second date
never ends and then I was like she's
like I feel bad you didn't come I was
like I don't know it's okay man I won't
get the hang again and [ __ ] and she's
like no no no so she pulls she goes pull
your pants down to your knees so I do
and she pulls her pants down and then
she sits on me so now I'm sitting I'm
sitting on the bench and she's sitting
on my lap and then she's like right
that's me and then she was like society
society so now I'm like alright this is
also and I'm gonna [ __ ] get by it
she's like just getting come before
someone comes and I'm like I'm trying
and I get I was having a little trouble
than a car I see car lights and I'm like
oh [ __ ] she just sits there and she like
covers up she's like yeah anyway like
we're talking about yeah we're talking
and I'm like [ __ ] man the bill that was
there it was just about to be like bro
but now it's sort of starting to go down
again and the car goes by and another
cart was by and then she's like okay
let's go again she's going like this and
I'm like I'm gonna [ __ ] I'm gonna [ __ ] and
I'm thinking about vagina and titties in
my face like oh nice big titties and oh
but no I think very much like that you
forgot about us for a sec you guys are
yeah I was on it really was there was
like I was like baking on my food
focusing and then [ __ ] and then
another car comes and I'm [ __ ]
distracted and she's like she stops it
I'm like oh [ __ ] I'm never gonna cover
[ __ ] and so finally the carbs and I was
like [ __ ] it she's how sick can you get
up she gets up I see grab the bench
because when I'm in control I feel like
there's a little more so now that she's
not jumping on me she bends over the bed
see now I'm just like and then she comes
in and I'm like oh and I came and it was
all over her back it was awesome and I
was like [ __ ] victory and then a car
came and I was the copes and I kind of
pull it up and that's the worst then I
[ __ ] pull the pants up and it catches
on my boner and it's like bands it to
the side and I'm like but it didn't
matter because I came how was that we
high-fived and that was now blood
blisters a Bend boner but I was looking
[ __ ] Jackie Chan a [ __ ]
Sicilian stunts going on at the end of
it you could always watch it back and
see that you were actually the guy in
the stunt oh it was bad but in the end
it would happen determination of the
penis and the nuts
I can't wait till you have children tell
them [ __ ] like that we're like in the
end what matters most come good seed oh
god I can't believe we came from his DNA
but
vieni my girlfriend kind of fight in the
grocery store recently because she
caught me stealing at the grocery store
which she was not pumped about you know
an adult what if it has been a argument
escalated because like we were like down
the aisle from each other she saw me
steal down the aisle like put them in my
pocket and her strangers in the aisle
and she immediately unlovely addressed
it from down the aisle like is their
first day on earth
she look oh my god are you stealing that
out are you out of your mind
yeah shut up please
I'm stealing saffron from Trader Joe's
okay whose [ __ ] Patriots a friend
only [ __ ] are you steer him like a
thousand dollars for a pinch I'm trying
to make a nice soup just come home with
me also full disclosure I've stolen
almost every spice I've ever needed from
my whole life
I'm keep doing that till I'm dead if you
guys aren't even spices you were [ __ ]
up big time man okay like in my life
there exists a canyon like divide
between the quality of life I like to
experience and my available resources to
provide for that quality of life spicier
eat is one way shrink that Canyon just a
little bit just a little like do I have
4 different colors of peppercorns at my
apartment yeah there's not a savage
okay did I pay for his peppercorn no way
I'm not the Prince of France
here's then take a check and balance
reception you guys I gotta get out there
and steal spices I did every demos done
this joker - oh I'm like a new teacher
on their first year everything cuz I
can't reach my student
like if one of you guys leaves and every
paycheck prices ganja does a good show
because show take a region it's also a
closed I can like come to like a cool
revolution like a it's a close I can
come to the V for Vendetta guy it's like
trying to get everybody I can to steal
spices were my intelligence tops out
like I don't anything about Wall Street
or finance or even like basic regular
math what I do know is that old man
McCormick is that it too good for too
long
[Music]
I mean I'm not a big fan of strip clubs
like it's just not my thing like it's
hard for me to get excited about that
when I know just a foot either way I'm
surrounded by dudes with boners you know
I can start to be like yeah and I look
and I'm just like yeah [ __ ] gross but
I haven't been no strip club in like 15
years so I don't know if this is a
normal thing but the the performer
whatever [ __ ] coffee candy or car she
was named after she's she's walking up
onto the stage and as she comes up the
stairs to the stage like to the left of
the stage is a little carton of light
like handy wipes or baby wipes so she
walks up to the pole just [ __ ]
looking at us and then she starts like
wiping it down and she's so [ __ ]
weird it was just weird and I will say I
did get aroused after about five minutes
but but it wasn't from the stripping it
was just the fact that a woman still
cleans I thought was sexy all the single
guys love that one I know a lot of women
don't like a lot of when were like I
don't like that stupids degrading
stripping is degrading but if you think
about stirpes not degree because if you
think about it a stripper is usually on
the stage like this elevated above all
the men in a position of power held on a
pedestal really so if you believe in
women's rights like I do you should
support your local strippers now I will
say now what is degrading the way that a
stripper has to get on our hands and
knees to collect your tips that's
[ __ ] awful that's horrible but that's
not stripping
that's just how she gets paid like
what's your name sir Thomas like I don't
know what you do for a living Thomas but
imagine you went into work one day and
your boss is like Thomas I've been
looking at the numbers from last month
you had a really good month
well it's payday [ __ ] and he
just closed a whole bunch of ones and
poor Thomas is just like [ __ ] thanks
boss he's just on his hands and knees in
his underwear for some reason I don't
know
maybe it's casual Friday he says it's
just like hey boss you think we'll ever
get direct deposit I [ __ ] hate you
hey guys I gotta get out enjoy the rest
leave me
[Applause]
[Music]
I do dads today it is this is hard for
me right now you guys ever done a DAP
before not like the dance like like hash
yeah you guys done that no all right the
people who said yeah have weed on them
those are just the rules I don't make
them up you got to be enthusiastic about
weed if you're doing the dab like it
it's the scariest way to get high like
for those of you don't know what a DAB
is it's a good con it's like a hash it's
a concentrated form of marijuana and
what you do is you take out a blowtorch
and you you weld it directly to your
brain like it is terrifying my god like
I was like I got a show later I want to
get high my friend was like you want to
get Indust really high right afterwards
we'll make some swords we have
everything here like I didn't think
wheat was a gateway drug and then I did
a dab then I was like no no yeah we're
[ __ ] going somewhere I'm about to
become a blanket like he's melted me I'm
boneless they're like this is this is
heroin like we turned weed and maybe
don't legalize it we've gone too far
slow down I didn't like waste my day
yeah I was like the highest but like I
like I also like I Walsh like I love to
get high and watch documentaries that
way it feels like I'm doing something
I'm like I don't like learn a little bit
you know
so today I'd turn on a documentary
called the botany of desire yeah it was
it was about weed that that's what got
me there what I didn't expect was there
like do you want to learn about other
plants as well and I was like yep sure
I'm already here like they're like how
about apples I was like well I'm a
blanket all right
I didn't know there was anything to know
about apples there's a whole 30 minutes
on apples in this period
it's [ __ ] nuts like did you know that
apples were almost the first plant
illegalized in this country like their
primary purpose is that at the beginning
of America was to put in like a big vat
and ferment and turn into cider which
looks like a really fun twist on Johnny
Appleseed doesn't it we all think of him
as like some dude who's just like
whistling and like planting apple trees
and like greeting little kid no this kid
this dude was like a wandering booze
nomad like like even more heroic somehow
he'd like show up to a town maybe a kid
here comes Johnny Appleseed he'd come up
and just beg you guys one for one
[ __ ] Apple does anybody want an apple
bad yeah yeah I'm wearing a [ __ ]
bucket on my head I need some [ __ ] I'm
driving out to see was that yours ever
gotten so drunk you start talking in
cursive like that yeah isn't there like
this all connected ma'am my next one
it's fancier and it's hard to read at
the same time is IG announcer an
ampersand
no no just sign it out go back to the
beginning you know it's George not Sorge
[Music]
you
[Music]
it's over at the grocery store recently
let's have all these starving homeless
people sitting in front of a supermarket
go inside steal some goddamn food what
are you a [ __ ] what are you afraid of
being thrown in jail giving shelter and
three square meals a day whoo that's
frightening what a deterrent and I would
really stop me
god damn homeless aren't you tired them
with their signs you know what they got
their signs I got my signs
I keep in my car they have will work for
food I have will drive right by will
keep hard-earned money how about when
you really try to tug at your
heartstrings hold that sign says this
could be you and I got the same sign
with a picture of me at work this could
be you so we for gay marriage everybody
yeah I am I'm not homophobic or anything
like that I'm four I'm cool with
everything but you know cracks me up
about gay dudes always whenever they ask
a gay dude when he first knew was gay
like oh I knew when I was six
really you knew you wanted to suck a
[ __ ] at six how is that possible I mean
I didn't know what like [ __ ] Todd was
11
fresh outta kindergarten you're creaming
this [ __ ] [ __ ] animals
hey guys watch I show cheaters right
yeah I'm a big fan I like to show the
best part is with the confrontation
right when they plus a person was
cheating right the bus a duper cheating
he's just bullshit's you know wasn't me
he's my twin it was a hologram right
there was a chick for changes that's
what these silly excuses you know the
guys like why'd you do this to me watch
think you were always working late I got
bored you got bored so you blew a
stranger you ever heard of Netflix I
just sit around fantasizing about
strange [ __ ] I mean what are you a
six-year-old Kate
we've been married 10 years things
changed the longer you're married
date night changes and you've been
married a while we were in our 20s we'd
go out to have a nice dinner and then a
movie now we might do a nice dinner we
might do a movie we ain't doing both in
the same night
I can't stay awake for five straight
hours what do you think I have a
superhero the hell out of here maybe if
the movie starts at one o'clock if it's
brunch in a matinee in the movies under
two hours maybe do a lot of group dates
in your 20s till you go out with other
couples that shit's over I'm not doing
that now when I go out to dinner when
I'm choosing dinner it's not up for a
group debate okay what I choose to put
in my mouth is not subjected to the
democratic process anymore
it's a dictatorship go out with couples
ordering appetizers just like a
congressional hearing you're like well I
vote for the goat cheese and beet salad
live folk never to do this again
that's what I'd vote for can I be
friends with somebody wants me to split
1595 on beats
it's hard marriage is hard
you know what marriage is hard
everything matches lose the passion is
what happens and I would tell you right
now the reason that a lot of marriages
lose the passion there's too much casual
nudity in a marriage
[Music]
yeah once you walk in on somebody
brushing their teeth naked while taking
a dump there's no going back from that
point
who's that town starts with an
accidental peak uh and then everybody
gets a little too comfortable it happens
more and more and more and the next
thing you know you're having to talk
about like mortgage payments we're
nothing but a Fitbit and dress socks and
you're like you know I don't know how we
got here I don't know you don't know
you're carrying on like two old men in a
gym locker room that's that's how you
got here you got to work at it you got
to work at it that's that's the key my
wife can die we work yeah we've been
together a long time now I'm not gonna
say it's as hot as it was when we first
hooked up that'd be unrealistic that's
not how it works but we worked to keep
the connection we do I make sure every
single day of my marriage at the very
least once a day when she bends over to
pick something off the floor I'll sneak
up behind her to give one of these real
quick a little something to share where
I still care
[Music]
listen I'm not saying I'm proud of it
honestly I don't know what's worse my
man the fact that I'm a grown man and I
still do this or the fact that every
single time I do it somewhere in the
back of my head I'm honestly thinking
it's gonna work this time
but isn't the time the time I'm over
7,000 but tonight's the night this is it
should be like you know how I told you I
wasn't in the mood I meant it at the
time but once I felt your hipbones ran
my ass cheeks from behind while I bent
over to feed the dog I thought oh my god
I need this gentle beast inside me let's
do it let's do it I used to romance this
woman you know take her out to dinner
she'd come home and have candles lit out
of rose petals leading to the bedroom
what did it stop that's what I want to
know I want to know the exact day the
exact day and I was like you know what
the hell with it I'm just gonna send her
face first into a dishwasher that's it
[Music]
you
[Music]
but do you realize that a five-year-old
of the mental capacity to change the
settings on a computer here's the
difference I was 13 before I could make
stairs on an etch-a-sketch remember that
time that was a toy to food you were
special-needs am i right plus the fact
that was the 8th grade graduation test
where I grew up you can make stairs
without drool and you get a cap and gown
to move down to junior high am i right
because it's the toys they play with man
they got they got Wii game boy Nintendo
3ds laptops iPads what will we playing
with my parents are trying to kill us in
the 60s and 70s weren't they think about
that we played with an extra sketch you
know what this toy was it was a
lead-based toy with a mercury ball in it
did you know two chemicals they kept far
away from each other in the chemistry
set not Hasbro one baby
Deborah find yourself drooling in a stop
light it's not the [ __ ] you did in
college sunny yes that leg crystallizing
in your brain yeah how does it get there
how do you erase the Metra sketch you
shake it in your face till the pictures
gone little nuclear fallout happening
right there if that didn't kill us they
gave us a slinky what was a slinky do
you remember that it was a razor wire
spring but you played with win on a
couple of flights of stairs what the
[ __ ] could go wrong here where's Frank
he's upstairs playing think he might be
downstairs now honey he says he wants a
snack give him anything he wants cuz
that's where it was right now it's got
to be gluten-free no red forty no high
fructose corn syrup god forbid it's got
a goddamn peanut in it are you [ __ ]
me
he's swelling up on the couch we
probably shouldn't gave him Nutter
butters this morning
not for us what was an after-school
snack for us pop rocks and coca-cola
remember that [ __ ] you were high as hell
tweaking on the couch at midnight
watching The Tonight Show trying to keep
the buzz go and you snorted some Pixy
Stix little vials of sugar hey snap the
top off that wack sugar water bottle I
want to wash this [ __ ] down
smoking candy cigarettes behind I'm up
the two packs of Lucky's a day Joey I
gotta cut this [ __ ] up
you guys are awesome for me thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
my wedding was the last wedding I enjoy
that's I don't like wedding so I go to
your wedding
I don't not that you're inviting me but
I'm not going I tell all of my friend
tell people my lake you gotta understand
it's the most important day of your life
no date is to everybody else it's
Saturday and you're ruining the whole
goddamn thing get me started on these
people who get married on Sunday
afternoons who raise these people do
they think anybody wants to cha-cha
slide at 2:00 in the afternoon on the
Lord's Day
I don't wobble before sundown you
heathens what he wants do you like
wedding some of you here some people in
their 20s because you're broken it's
open bar people in their 70s because
they're just glad they're not at a
funeral but everybody else it's 1/6
workday they're all day these wedding
ceremonies with one receptions at 6:00
is they gonna drive like 45 minutes to
take their pictures in front of some
barn I hope it falls on the whole
wedding party I really do it's rude is
that I get it I get it I get a [ __ ] kill
for hours while they're out there
playing farmer in the Dell what am I
supposed to do
it's awful then you get to do it you
ever go to a wedding you don't know
anybody at your table that's the worst
some of you were sitting a little too
close to people you don't know tonight
that's kind of ruining your enjoyment at
the show
imagine having act interested in what
they do for a living for three hours
last wedding I went to I sat with the UH
with the guy who was throwing the after
party you ever sit with that meathead at
a wedding guy who just pipes up midway
through dinner say good you guys stayed
at the Best Western okay when this is
done bring your wife come up to room 301
we're gonna be partying all night long
okay what do you say hon that sound like
fun
you want to lay around on a couple of
queen beds with a bunch of other adults
and shorts and flip-flops drinking
canned beer yeah awesome we're there
let some help wheel in your cooler into
the hotel yeah hillbilly and you people
who do destination weddings you can go
straight to hell do you not definitely
not going into minikin republic now okay
people are shocked by that can you
believe what's happening in the
dominican republic can i believe the
place where my parents spent 600 bucks a
head for 12 days of unlimited food and
booze with airfare included might pose
some safety risks yeah I can believe it
yeah yeah I can believe it
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
nice good life is good I just recently
got married sorry fellas
coming on two years yes my wife and I we
just bought our first house bought our
first house yes cuz yeah I have that
kind of cash and great credit so here's
the thing we bought a house so I bought
this nice house bought this house right
hired moves you hit me bruh hired paid
money to movers to move my first half
way through to move one of the guys to a
big seller you work out help us with the
couch
I was like no said nah come on man
you're big do help us get this done a
lot so I said look man I would help you
with that couch but back in 98 man I am
graduated from college so no I don't I
don't move furniture but that was your
career choice not mine
we bought a house nice neighborhood I
actually moved to a nice neighborhood
cuz my wife wanted to great I was a
little scared because I watch a lot of
Dateline no cuz I don't know if you guys
are familiar with Dateline 20/20 like
the start of every show it's always like
some nice sounding neighborhood right
it's always some place like Niceville
Florida or Pleasantville Montana or
black people never lived here ever
Wyoming you know it's like if you watch
the show the first person I show always
says the same thing it's like you never
expect it to happen in a place like this
and I'm thinking you've never seen this
show have you it's exactly where I
expected to happen right so we move into
our neighborhood where I move to our new
neighborhood right so I'm walking around
checking out the neighborhood getting
the feel for the place and halfway
through my walk and so I'm walking
around I'm like you think if somebody's
gonna call the cops cuz right not one
day goes by when somebody that's come to
me and just says hey I wouldn't want to
meet you in a dark alley thank you for
that information
follow-up question who in the hell do
you want to meet in a dark alley sir and
why so I'm walking around my
neighborhood right hour goes by no cops
hour and a half bra hour 45 minutes no
cops now I'm like I don't feel safe in
my neighborhood
no any neighborhood lets me walk around
now
[Music]
[Music]
didn't have a lot of friends in high
school but music was my friend
so you storage stupid little songs for
people like me like we're all my beta
males at it's more of an alpha male
question to ask people to shout in
public but I love you know like fun
songs from the ad is like Devo and like
flock of seagulls so this is one beta
male right you my I can't look you in
the eyes I'm a beta male white male sure
take them but that was my last fry I'm
not a leading male I'm the best friend
I'll help you score a heart a girl and
I'll have awkward sex with a nice friend
I live to live in your world when I was
a teen I wanted people to like me invite
me to their Friday night party
but no one ever did so I stayed at home
didn't grow a backbone and I watched
TGIF alone I'm a beta male named Avery
and type it with the lowercase Fonz
it's a male did you like that
thank you for my closing number I do
like to write songs and I think the best
part about writing songs is that it can
make you feel better and I want to give
you guys a gift tonight and there's a
little bit of a sing-along here will you
guys join along when the time comes will
you join along and have a good time with
me all right
so I just went to the doctor got some
interesting news and we're gonna sing
about it cool
I always used to ask for a extra squeeze
of mayo on my deep fried macaroni and
cheese I love food so much my sweat is
gravy I'm the kind of guy that's gonna
lose his feet cuz I got diabetes you got
diabetes my Jews got diabetes Babe Ruth
had diabetes type 1 diabetes it's fun
diabetes type 2 diabetes who do you know
the part you're gonna sing along to I
had to make a change cuz I had a kid now
everything I eat is [ __ ] solid only
treat because I got come on you got my
shoes got Babe Ruth head top off
it's fun type 2 diabetes and food come
hang shouldn't had chocolate during
Forrest Gump
ben Carson diagnoses diabetic Donald
Trump victims who knows who cares so for
all the you thing see end of my act stay
tuned for my next song called heart
attack cuz I got you got my twos got
Babe Ruth and top on it's fun type 2
diabetes
there's so much I won right
[Applause]
[Music]
I like football I just don't like here
any athletes speak can we do something
about that they're great athletes but
come on they're so macho I don't like
this one football playing last season I
start talking he's so big and bad right
you're talking to him he's all like this
is the playoffs baby
this is the playoffs baby you lose you
go home
this is all about who doesn't want to go
home the most
and I nobody's saying but I'm like
really who doesn't want to go home the
most really I mean let's say you took
the Dallas Cowboys right and you put
them up against a team of abused
children
now clearly those kids don't want to go
home way more than a Cowboys I think
it's pretty clear who's going to win
I was at the playground watching the
kids and someone was like which one's
yours and I was like I haven't decided
yet I went to Greece
and people were electrocuted there
yogurt to stimulate the bacteria it was
quite the culture shock but you'll never
catch me eating a frozen yogurt shop I
just can't trust food that oozes out of
the wall the last time protein shut out
of a wallet I was sitting in the
confessional and et cetera
and the guy was like a please forgive
[Laughter]
you guys like office
I love orders it's made out of chickpeas
have you ever seen a chickpea squat down
real low when they do it so many people
right back there are pretty [ __ ] slow
[Music]
when you get older you gotta think more
that's all just think more because
there's a grown man is search that you
shouldn't be doing Oh Fitz fighting for
me I'll cut that out what stop this
fighting that thirty and forty four I
shoot the [ __ ] a letter slash
that's not the way the streets covered
with these kids they don't hyperbole MTV
Jams and Mountain Dew me personally I
don't know how fights start now then I
come before my era where fights out
further a buildup
you're not fight started you said
something he said something back
somebody in the crowd was like some buff
up would make sure you heard what he say
he said your mom none of my [ __ ] will
give you his opinion on the comment I
wish it Nick bullets take some [ __ ] like
that about the whole process mad things
these kids aren't ready ready to fight I
think he knows my turned up a bit almost
got my ass kicked
waiting for the bus his young kid just
snapped a little the [ __ ] you looking at
and I was like well the bus comes from
that way never mind you let me know when
the bus is coming it's okay they kill
you for looking over there
and that's my biggest thing I'd like to
stay alive oh [ __ ] there is money call
me Fame I wanna live up
I don't mind you know got Norman
Hollywood I was at the bar last night
another comedian male comedian said to
me yo man gotta do somethin bout that
great and I'm like oh yeah this is the
place where you gotta be concerned about
that gotta look young forever no I want
to look my age now when I look like I'm
getting old I when I look like I'm
living it I get it don't get me wrong I
understand I'm gonna work too but ain't
nothing wrong with being this age
because the fact that matter is people
try to warn you about getting old your
grandmother did the grandparents do old
people try to tell you [ __ ] like you
might have to figure out a way to age
gracefully cuz you're not gonna like any
good attitude you know he's talking
about oh [ __ ]
whatever now here my grandmother thing's
loud and clear you had to figure out a
way to eat could they give you the guy
that dreams and aspirations ooh then one
little corn roll make some front Marvis
stuff to be straight up my love and only
if you keep coming around
then you're comfortable watch movies and
stop jumping up in the chain uses my
team and men is hard for us to let go
that ego because you know women do an
age like fine likewise sophisticated
women get that men still got this eager
that's why we walk around the 60 year
old ego you can't do [ __ ] like you're 16
or I'm not afraid to fight
I'm just not sure my body can take a
fist fight it like I used to
he's 16 man way he's a she I think 16
was a different time 60 started fighting
no [ __ ] reason it was high he said so
much your mama
[ __ ] that 16 you take clean punch to the
face to me now stalks you like me won't
get that [ __ ] later talking
[ __ ] you Esther that's 16 yo I will be
healed late get punched in the face of
30-plus even this couple days at work
the bar I can't stand now they they do
an EKG just to make sure me [ __ ] your
heart up punching you in your eye
[ __ ] cocaine that's 45 swallow go
down for months
yeah I forget why Batman swear the guy
could be here right gentlemen stop being
bad and beat when I tell that joke I'm
just observe I'm trying to figure out
why this may be working how to move
40-plus years ago by Elvis a [ __ ] about
this I know I'm a fan time trying to
figure out who the [ __ ] she is every
girl different roles sang my what me
that's not the Last King of Scotland
[ __ ] the now [ __ ] that I'm gonna laugh
at no Forest Whitaker jokes say it don't
get mad at me blame Hollywood you out
here write a letter send the email
don't blame me not once if they let this
[ __ ] play a pirate once money
was great
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah man it's okay Hollywood's cool it's
just a little crazy it's like first of
all it's like you can't walk on
Hollywood Boulevard can't walk on
Hollywood Boulevard at that up at night
cuz it's like just drug addicts smell
but drug addicts are all crazy it's like
the set of The Walking Dead just dude
screaming and fighting nobody yay yay
it's terrifying I was in a bathroom at
the CVS Pharmacy at a urinal and this
guy was blown cocaine off of the sink
2:00 p.m. on a Tuesday and he offered me
some he's like hey man you want some I
was like no thanks dude I got
uncomfortable I sipped up I walked out
of there real fast I swear to god he
stops me he goes hey you're not gonna
wash your hands
oh my watch you wash your face man you
look like a frickin funnel cake don't
see a carnival around here you piece of
[ __ ] you look crazy man I got
pickpocketed right from my house on
Hollywood Boulevard but probably by
spider-man the early dresses up there
con artists don't believe anything I'm
telling you be careful it's dirty this
is all right they pickpocket a lot down
there that's what I heard so this is
we're all gonna do after the show we're
all gonna get together we're gonna walk
down Hollywood Boulevard and we're just
gonna put a bunch of disappointing [ __ ]
in our pockets like old pizza crusts
little dildos I'm just gonna have one
big-ass wallet but it only has naked
pictures of me in it walk around with an
accessible ass like yeah yeah yeah [ __ ]
I brought so much cash yo man that dudes
gonna be when he opens up the wallet
there's no money just pictures of me
like this I think the only thing I do
like about Hollywood is that people when
they visit they take pictures of
Hollywood history
landmarks right because the rest of
Hollywood like you know bel air
brentwood
West Hollywood Beverly Hills they're all
taking pictures of themself that's what
I feel like that's it's disgusting this
is all bad it's getting ready it's my
grandpa he used to show us photos he
played this is a picture of my World War
two uniform this is a picture
grandmother she looks great in this
dress this is a picture of the whole
family after a family reunion we're
grandparents in like 50 years it's gonna
be a different story it's gonna be like
that's a picture of me it's a picture of
me picture of me me in the bathroom
that's a salad
the memories 74 likes our grandpa salad
that's a dick pic whoa we're supposed to
see that one how's the grandmas favorite
now get in here and take a selfie with
Grandpa gran was gonna be in the
background doing duck lips just
[Applause]
[Music]
that's our Thanksgiving it was so weird
this Thanksgiving was weird because this
Thanksgiving I came out to my family um
I'm not gay I just thought it would be
hilarious I have an uncle who doesn't
like gay people and because of that I've
actually come out of the closet on
Thanksgiving every Thanksgiving for the
last four years and they say they're
coming out is like the hardest thing
that a young person can do and it
totally is but it gets easier every
single year here's how I do it I stand
up with a glass of water and a knife
like I'm giving it toast at a wedding
and I go excuse everyone I have an
announcement submit and then my uncle
will go up for [ __ ] sake again
and then I release the doves and I do my
musical number and I throw the glitter
it's part of the meal now do you know
what I mean it's part of Thanksgiving
it's part of the ritual of Thanksgiving
like everyone expects it like the turkey
comes out the potatoes come out I come
out I thought about not doing it this
year because my grandfather came to
Thanksgiving for the first time in a
decade and he's 88 and no one has told
him about a little joke because he
doesn't do surprises like the first time
he was surprised he was asleep on this
boat in Pearl Harbor and SELEX inside
he doesn't like surprises or sushi and
we leave him the [ __ ] alone and I
thought about not doing it but my
cousins are like oh you're gonna do it
this year and after a while I was like
you bet your ass I'm gonna do it this
year and they were like backup dancers
and I was like not this year just me and
we're all sat around the table it's me
my family my grandfather and my best
friend Michael Michael is my college
roommate he had nowhere to go this year
for Thanksgiving so I invited him and as
I stand up with a glass of water in the
knife I realize she has no idea what's
going to happen and I am skinned
everyone I haven't it Michael and I have
an announcement to make
and my grandfather crosses his arms he
looks at me and then he whispers
something to my mom and my mom starts
laughing like a maniac
and I'm like what it's a just say she
went your grandfather just told me he's
known since you were nine years old
you
mmm sprinklers that's another la noise I
never got woken up by sprinkler until I
moved here it's like 3:00 in the morning
and I hear I gotta wake up look around
for lizard people that a lizard people
in here okay
garbage truck doesn't [ __ ] show
outside my window like a nice half-hour
performance from the [ __ ] garbage
truck set the best time to pick up
garbage 5:00 a.m. was that we decided
upon as a society that 5:00 a.m. was the
best time to [ __ ] come around and
pick up our garbage what time would you
like that pick up super garbage I don't
know 5:30 a.m. 6:00 a.m.
keep it allowed this [ __ ] truck you
have to man I want to think that there's
a robot taking a [ __ ] outside my window
[Applause]
it's it's gonna rain tomorrow
ah I hate rain who likes rain I hate
girls like I let the rain I got the rain
I love smelling like ass laughter yeah I
love when people run when they're
already wet that's why that's why I hate
the rain cuz I've run like I've run like
a man I'm not you don't ever see anybody
run cool in a rain like all right it's
always that you know you ever run like
you're ever you know this one this one
it's like this ear this is my favorite
air right here this is my favorite here
you know why I hate you ear you know why
I hate you because you put me when I had
the hearing test when I was little
remember remember the hearings has
you know what speaking of hearing which
is really tough this is sick I always
wanted to make up sex with a deaf girl I
wanted to see if I could knock the sound
out of her come on sorry yeah
you
I could never spearhead a drug deal
because of the dimples your up saying
cuz I'm a smile at the drug deal
I'm smiling if the product is pure and
the money is there why wouldn't I smile
I couldn't nobody smiles at drug deals
this is a B this is the easiest tax free
money around you know you would think
everybody in the deal is happy like hey
guys you got the heroin we got the cash
let's do this alright now we'll see you
next time
the happy walk off but no the drug deals
are intense and everybody's talking like
this for no reason and then they always
curse for no reason at the drug deal
maybe like you got the product they be
like yeah we got the product mother this
you got the money
yeah we got the money [ __ ]
you start disrespecting your own crew to
see your face in the rooms and get the
money up here you dumb asses real slow
and so grandma thanks for helping me out
number maybe like you can I taste it
makes you as pew you like yeah you can
taste that [ __ ] how come they always
taste drugs with the pinky finger like
why why is this the official drug taste
finger this is the smallest finger thing
I figured the thumb would be more
adequate cuz that way if you tasted it
you you already in position like yeah
that's good stuff right there but the
pink is I would look oh yes we can get
them saying why is that everything but
once I tasted and find out is whew I'm
smiling I'm sorry good time I'm like oh
yeah oh yeah that's pure guys that is
that is pure guy let me like what's up
with this dimple [ __ ] you got going on
in your face oh uh actually these are
bullet wounds if you must know got shot
in a bad deal can't smile with this on
the streets
did break up with a girl recently this
is the truth started to either break up
with her because she lost her front
tooth for a lot I didn't do it relax you
know we're just to walk around with a
girl that missing tooth that's like
walking out with a black guy but I
didn't do that
it's embarrassing right she would open
up everything with her teeth and even
beer bottles right one day she was doing
I feel like a dad I kept on telling her
no I did not feel like that neurotic
knock it off she come to and she grabs a
beer bottle we're at a party on my mom
does it
tooth breaks it's all grey it's blood
there I'm looking at her like in Spanish
so she lost her front tooth and here's
what we gotta fight about is that she
didn't get it fixed right away she we're
like two months right like I don't care
how hot you are you could be a ten you
become a five when you're missing her
frontier like where do you live in San
Bernardino on the five
serious you're gonna walk around like
I'm a meth head with a missing tooth
every single day looking at her gosh I
know I'm ours to be in a relationship
with someone that you don't when they
smile do a scan that no cure flowers
look at that [ __ ] fix it already every
single day can you make love to her
anymore
just so annoying like you look down
there's a jack-o'-lantern looking up
she's seen I can feel that - yeah that's
my life right cuz the same person that
if you lose your front tooth do you get
that [ __ ] fix a night right you your
figure out a way you get a chiclet
you just oculus you and why get a grille
plan a heist do something fix that
[ __ ] - [ __ ] 20 [ __ ] insane
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm a weed smoker I love weed man I've
been smoking weed for 22 years since
high school and yeah yeah and weeds
getting a bad rap I don't mean up like a
blunt wrap them you know I mean people
talk you know people shop to [ __ ] about
you know you know marijuana affects the
memory that's [ __ ] I never forget
the smoke so we makes you stupid it
doesn't make you stupid it makes you
smarter all right mr. smoking weed since
high school I grew up in the San Gabriel
Valley in LA we had what's called
off-campus lunch I don't know if you
remember that that's where you can go
off-campus smoke weed eat then you had
to come back for some reason what's up
so one time I came back lit and we had
intermediate Matt I had intermediate
math after lunch right and one time came
back lit and we had to take a test in
fractions a little pop quiz and one of
the questions on the test was what's the
difference between a quarter and a
eighth I wrote 50 bucks
two days later my teacher gives me the
test back Brendan ready says see me
after class cuz I thought I was in
trouble right getting something
brand-new like I was like Donald's in
trouble so after class I go to my
teacher I go hey mr. Galvin am I in
trouble he's all know I just want to
know where you get your weed from and I
get my weed exclusively from white
people sorry black people but you can
understand why I'll break it down to you
when you get you weed from white people
they let you try it before you buy it
can't get that from black people you
have to smoke them out with the [ __ ] you
just got from them in business that's
called reneging number two white people
have cool magical names for their weed
now think about it like chronic cush
purple liberal juicy fruit trainwreck
Northern Lights Green crack purple
horseshoes Obama yeah there's an Obama
strain out there yes we cannabis like
before the show tonight no wonder my
friend Josh is out there Josh deep sup
that guy cuz I get my weed from Josh
right I walked I knocked on his door
he's all dude what's up jingles ever
come on I got some new stuff wait we're
going to backyard he's old you two grew
this on myself do you look at the
crystals didn't I'm a seller on the
street dude I'm gonna give it a cool
name I don't deal what are you gonna
call he's all dude I'm gonna call it
[ __ ] did go why you gonna call it that
he's all dudes smelling I went whoa
and don't let anyone tell you that weed
is bad all right we the federal
government doesn't want you to smoke
weed is because they can't make money
off a week this is what simple plain
truth you're not gonna get in trouble on
weed what's the worst thing you need to
do on weeds
stop at a green light go to Del Taco and
order my updates to do any more
seriously weed is a sharing thing you
can be dude I'll smoke out with anybody
I don't give a [ __ ] seriously you can be
racist I'll smoke out with you a couple
of weeks ago I was informing in the city
called clan caster it's up to five in
Palmdale
crankin clan caster it's over my
palmdale oh my god
and we're and I'm sitting there after a
show right after showing his big white
dude big white dude with red suspenders
bald head look like greenie from higher
learning he sits next to me
he likes the joint right he's old did he
like to join us dude you know you know
you're funny dude but you know I don't
like black people right I tend to joint
at keep the peace I took the joint went
yeah there could be a problem sometimes
sure you and I made sure the end of the
joint was wet so you're mad cuz you
can't say
I love weed man more than weed I love
the NBA I'm a big NBA fan I'm a huge
Laker fan love the Lakers that's right
love the Lakers but I never smoked out
with I'd never smoked out with Kobe
Bryant cuz he doesn't pass and [ __ ] the
Clippers
living in a studio is it's hard yes it
changes you
as a human being like I used to
fantasize about what I feel
normal people fantasize about like
sometimes would be I command a threesome
that'd be kind of fun
Ferrari that'd be cool
that'd be fun now I do
I just fantasize about having a hallway
like a really long hallway you guys like
one I can just kind of rub my fingers
down and also in this fantasy somebody's
at the other end of this hallway and
they say something but they're so far
away because I'm at the other end [ __ ]
end of this hallway that I have to pop
out an idea what do you say do you want
to get Thai food again and then I get a
pop back in and they can't see me
lemonis studio that was good
economically and not just because of the
rent it keeps you depressed which makes
living very cheap like when when you're
feeling good and you're happy you're
going out you're going to dinners you're
good buying tickets that's that's money
down the goddamn drain it costs me no
money to stay at home and sit in my
studio apartment and watch Shawshank
Redemption on TBS for the millionth time
why is Shawshank Redemption always on TV
s it makes no sense it's not a happy
movie it's just rethink I feel like
somebody at TBS some guy was going
through some divorce some TBS executive
and they were like all right we got 80%
of our airtime open what are we gonna
play
he's a psych well Karen hates Shawshank
Redemption
and now Karen's only gonna watch Josh a
credential
[Music]
don't get a seat I look young I look
your age but I'm not your age I'm old I
fool myself I'd be in a mirror like aw
 you back to kill him hmm
looking good for nez baby didn't I take
a couple of steps I'm like what the
is wrong with my knee this was a good
knee last year and my shoulder hurt it's
gonna rain goddamn my daddy knew it was
gonna rain my granddaddy knew no I got
that power you don't know what 1402 go
through what's your name
Robert let me tell you what I'm doing I
go to the bathroom I pee I know how to
pee I've been peeing for 42 years I
shake I'm done izip up I take a couple
of steps I pee just a little bit more
I was done I'm wearing boxer shorts they
got on my socks never happen last
year
I gotta walk back in the real lobster
with these things on my drawers
change our whole week I don't know what
it's like you don't know what it's like
to wanna have sex but you don't want to
cuz it's too much of a physical ticking
off and pulling down and on it too much
you gonna get to that age where you do
it in your mind
yeah we do it in your mind you ever see
somebody like oh I up hear
that I'm a beast and I still got my
shoes on it's about how you spend your
time it's true black people do age
gracefully we do look younger than we
actually look I don't know what it is
called it jeans call it I don't know
call it God saying you know what don't
just give y'all good jeans
y'all have been through a lot least
y'all can look good your credit
be up but you look good
he gave us good genes it's true black
don't crack
[Music]
but you know what we do stay in our lane
though you know I'm saying you ever see
somebody that's just doing too much and
you just look at them maybe like you 46
look at Jesus right there that what that
was the Lord telling on somebody I did
tell you what else young people will
make you know you doing too much young
people hurt your feelings quit you think
you fit man you at the club
you're doing the same who they doing
you're doing it better than them but
they know they say little who you
killing it sir ain't no sir
[Applause]
[Music]
this is this is how the c5 I went back
to Boston for a buddy of mine sweating
and at the airport I got called a guest
up sighs like sweet what's a guest
besides what's that
frozen goat up so this is your guest of
size at the airport it means you're too
fat to fit in one seat and you have to
buy another seat thanks guys which is
fine like I get it I'm a big dude I'm
six eight
I'll be right around too much honestly
like if I take up more space I think I
should pay more I'm totally fine with
that the only thing that bothers me
though is it's not fair because like it
doesn't go the other way like you're not
going to smell the short dude up hey
little buddy
guess what you're gonna say 50 bucks
because we're gonna [ __ ] throw you
that way like you wouldn't tell a blind
person hey we have a movie on this
flight but since you're a guest of
darkness
and the worst thing about that my good
buddy Mitch that was up here the the
redneck Republican lesbian sisters yeah
roommate [ __ ] Mitch I tell Mitch I
was like yeah I gotta go back to Boston
for a buddy Mike's wedding because uh
you know I'll take you I'll take you the
airport he goes you know what I'll even
take you out to lunch now most you guys
are probably good um it sounds like a
great friend Mitch isn't coming my
comics are [ __ ] to each other this
[ __ ] sucker takes me out for Indian
food spicy food so I have two hours into
the flight just [ __ ] sweating
decisions probably can't fit the airline
6:8 so I'm making it graphics people are
eating basically this was me in the
bathroom and the door came to right
about here my feet were just chilling in
first class like Jesus do you have to
hold the door while you [ __ ] at 30,000
people I saw the stewardess I hit her up
I was like hey you might wanna hit that
light we're gonna get a little
turbulence here in a second
and the worst thing my stomach was so
upset like you could hear everything
coming from that bathroom this it's like
there was a soundtrack coming from that
bathroom and that soundtrack was ready
[Music]
[Music]
you know one of my biggest fears and
stand-up is that sometimes that the
audience doesn't know that I like doing
this or that I'm actually really having
a lot of fun and I think it's because
I've had so much work done on my face
that I honestly feel my facial
expressions don't meet up with how I
feel
I'm serious how old do you think I am
all I can tell you most people don't
talk about it in Hollywood I'm 59 I'm 59
check my myspace page you can't lie on
there unless you're a hacker but I'm not
I'm on there for networking in serious
relationships okay please don't cyber
block me I had my lips done a lot of
people I know they look really
voluptuous thank you I don't know if
you're familiar to procedure but a lot
of times they'll take some from your
back section and inject it into your
lips I don't have a lot back there so I
was forced to use my fat because I've
always been told have a fat that's why I
wear black condoms because they're
slimming that's a joke I don't wear
condoms come on out I don't it's against
my religion
and what's your chest for
[Music]
that's two good examples everybody my
name is Marcela and I'm with the last
factory production crew if you liked
that clip you just saw please like it
and also subscribe to our page if you're
social and you won't leave a comment do
that just don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
the thing is that when I got dumped I
found out my Weed Man got engaged thank
you let that sink in because when the
weed man gets engaged and on to
adulthood before you you a [ __ ] loser
man that's how it goes down cuz this is
the same dude this is the same guy who
the week before he told me he was
getting engaged she told me the
following thing you know you didn't get
the weed from the weed man cuz you gotta
spend some time with him before he gives
you the pot that's the rules so they
kick in again at Kinnick car could incur
sit down sit down Sanel hey man I had a
question have you been with a girl and
he want her to do Molly but she doesn't
want to do Molly and you're like cool
cool so you guys are drinking and
partying and the later on that night you
start making out and then you start
[ __ ] her then you start hitting
doggystyle and then you take a little
bit of Milan to put on your finger they
put up her butt bro have you ever done
that bro I'm like what the [ __ ] are you
saying to me man what a girl's that Wow
man get that rapey information of my
eardrums dude I can just see that on the
next episode of Law & Order SVU and like
ice-t got explaining that to the other
cops like yeah it's called Molly puddin
pop we put my little finger there's a
little faster station
hey I'm Blair Babylon you keep Rocking
round of applause for sleep if you like
it'd be like sleep bright round of
applause please fantastic I love sleep I
love it I love being awake to being
awake great orgasms and sushi I am there
but I like dreams because you know
that's what your brain defragmenting
making you feel good about things that
don't actually exist like is one on a
hot tub with the successful black
actress or a black truth who's given me
a backrub while I make you know puns on
her name I'm like they should call you
Megan good with your hands and then she
looks at me and she's like and and and
and and that's what I wake up [ __ ]
alarm clock infiltrated my dreams just
waking up is a very violent experience
I'm assuming that no one here because
you never feel good when you wake up to
an alarm clock I'm willing to wager that
no one here ever in your life have woken
up to the sound of an alarm clock and
then said to yourself oh my goodness
that was the exact amount of rest I
needed I'm on time for [ __ ]
everything there's a place that everyone
understands me it's called work I'm
going to it and then you skip to your
car no traffic catching all the lights
what a great day I just hate waking up
more than many things like number one a
month in my list of worst things in the
world number one waking up waking up
number one number two is a racism it
goes waking up then racism and trust me
I hate racism hate it hate it but I wake
up like every single day you know cuz
sometimes I wake up I don't see anybody
no racism that day the only thing will
be worse
waking up to racism which is like man I
did not rest at all last night probably
cuz there's a rope around my neck
there's a burning cross and hogs in
Chihuahua everywhere small dogs is
number three because I understand why no
one ever notices the burning cross being
built like no one ever knows is before
it's on fire you never see like guys
caught in the middle of building across
I think they were going to say like it's
always a flame so I was like smelling it
cooking is that breakfast oh no just
hatred why does no one notice the dudes
coming down the street in white robes
with gigantic two-by-fours and a
carpentry kit just sneaking like a
Warner Brothers cartoons like
very quiet I'm the current senator like
no one ever knows is that um really okay
for thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory calm
all right let's get into the dick jokes
why waste time I'll tell you why I was
thinking about this this because it
seemed to be a thing showing you there
seems to be an age-related math in and
on saying like cuz when you're young
like I'm looking up here that you guys
are young young guys are anxious to show
today right maybe if they meet a girl
second text look at my dick right there
showing dick pics right because that's a
young man game you know what too many
young you still stupid enough to think
that works oh [ __ ] look at my dick and
just drop to her knees like no that's in
the movies that [ __ ] in real life so you
wave your dick around then you get to a
certain age hopefully by 30 definitely
by 35 you realize waving your dick
around only leads to trouble
I'll bet high over the house I don't
need lawsuits and [ __ ] you know I meant
that it but then you get old and this is
where it came up at my gym I don't know
what age my father is feel comfortable
with their balls just hang out there is
some into gym right I mean it's right
about 65 67 you're laughs you've seen
this right these guys just walk around
the balls hanging to their knees and
they just hoping conversation hey you
see the Rams [ __ ] no no I did
not see the Rams oh [ __ ]
equipments is going to do this season I
don't want to look at old balls because
that's it stays with you you understand
what do you see old balls I'm into age
like damn is that what's gonna have any
motherly just gonna drop like that my
balls are still you know they still up
here and [ __ ] underwear different pants
I'm getting older man no I like so you
know I'm getting older cuz then white
people try to guess how old that ain't
nothing funny in a white people trying
to guess how old black people are they
have no [ __ ] idea she's looking at me
right now you don't know [ __ ] she blame
ya right there between length 31 and 70
right in that range to my said 55 you
close 57 I got you by two years see I'm
still well-preserved money outside on
the inside of all kind of [ __ ] hurts I'm
comfortable with my age right because I
know my limits like I was joking with
this young when I come here all the time
at the Laugh Factory all the time I see
these hot young girls all the time but
see now I'm in an age where I see hot
young women I don't want to [ __ ] them
anymore I know that ain't nothing but
trouble I just want to look at
she finally [ __ ] you want to [ __ ] up my
hell no I need that [ __ ] Trouble Man
young women
and expectations and [ __ ] oh [ __ ] all
night a little I got a bad knee baby I
can weather's changing and [ __ ] 23 I
want to do a 23 year old I gotta learn
to speak in abbreviations alright
there's a whole music catalog I gotta
learn this [ __ ] pretend I like [ __ ] I
don't know young girls are beautiful I
look out of all babe I like women maybe
a woman in her mid 40s divorce angry
that's my wheelhouse right there about
45 years old up man how you doing baby
work some [ __ ] up but they don't need
[ __ ] you know looking for [ __ ] big knock
their own [ __ ] they don't need you back
[ __ ] [ __ ] you got you got a perfect
young body and [ __ ] but you ain't you
ain't [ __ ] enough yet don't disrespect
with you 23 they've been in the game
long enough [ __ ] you get me a woman
divorced 47 got a house you're not a
[ __ ] I got this house
living in a house I ain't paid for
that's the [ __ ] right there no
disrespect for you 23 lay [ __ ] no man
out of his mouth yet
you might have got to visit if you [ __ ]
he made a cop in that [ __ ] that she got
the whole [ __ ] house good that [ __ ]
is your house [ __ ] good
[Music]
that's right ladies um Duron I like my
women like I like my shoes no strings
attached I like my women like I like my
mustard spicy and yellow and on my
wiener my women like I like my elevator
going down with a weight limit I like my
women like I like my guys yo something
else I like my women like I like my car
jacked up and used horny I love my women
like I like my dinner late at night I
let my women like I like my beer we're
not shaking hard they form at the mouth
I like my women like I like my TV turned
on and screwed in my hotel room I let my
women like I like my country good Jim
fear time to move on will do to share
them a woman like I like my chair with a
strong back forelegs and gum underneath
[Applause]
my women like I like my meatballs in my
paw six bucks at Marie Callender's next
to my noodles
Mary Jane who's one of the sixties like
my women like I like my sticky and
strong and legal
[Applause]
I work at a nightclub work out in that
Club a lot of Middle Eastern dudes at
this nightclub and they all smoke
cigarettes indoors like they just so
this dude was smoking a cigarette
indoors my boss is like Yelp all your
Middle Eastern tell the do to put out
the cigarette like he thought we had a
connection we'd make out or some [ __ ] I
don't know he's just but they want
Middle Eastern people they use their
language barrier to get themselves out
of problems they do it all the time so I
I go up to the dude smoking a cigarette
I'm like hey man you can't smoke
cigarettes in the club but guys like yes
yes he could like no sir you can't smoke
cigarettes in the club it's Aleve you
got smoke outside yes yes outside yes
smoke this is nice club isn't it I'm
like no sir I know the amateurs great
but you can't smoke cigarettes in here
you have to actually put it out and go
outside oh you won't seeking it hey give
them cigarette but by the time we're
done having a conversation he smoked his
cigarette you know so he got home from a
Middle Eastern do will be the worst
person behind the counter to rob a bank
from cuz he just used that [ __ ] you know
to me i do will walk into a bank like
alright if you move you got a man give
me all your money
dudes i guess money yes
brother I don't think you understand I
got a loaded weapon I need that money
now yes yes it's hard yes money money's
difficult years man if you don't put
this money in the bag I'm gonna kill you
oh yes you won't secretive hey you want
to smoke but by the time they're gonna
have the conversation he's arrested you
know I'm sayin sir my dad does the same
thing to me but he doesn't he does the
same thing me but he doesn't do it
so like get out of situations he does it
till I consult me you know like I was
just on a TV show and I called my dad
I'm like hey down be on TV tonight he
goes yes you dropped out of college is
yes is very good yes like no dad I'ma be
on a television show at 10 o'clock can
you watch it yes yes you disappoint me
yes I understand Jesus you won't secret
it's just y'all my name is Paul I you
guys been great give it over huh
I got a uh I got a fake ID when I was 17
and I feel like every adult at that time
was like by the time you're 21 drinking
is not even gonna be fun anymore
still [ __ ] fun god I got you guys
smoke weed yeah of course you're like
you're here on a Tuesday night I I love
to I love to smoke we these just aren't
allergies don't worry I know I like have
ever been so high that you tried to
order a burrito in line at Starbucks and
then reached in your pocket and realize
you're on a plane like this is not
because that's like we're like my usual
Monday through Friday workday vibe no I
really do I love smoking weed I uh I
like God I feel like don't you feel like
the rush of smoking weed though has been
like taken away like it's legal now you
know what I'm talking about like
remember this vibe of like you would
smoke weed and you would get this rush
like you would have to [ __ ] you like you
would hide in your bathroom right and
you'd be like oh [ __ ] you'd be like here
the garage door open you'd be like [ __ ]
my mom so Stephen so you would just like
burn a bag of popcorn and like [ __ ]
run through the house of it
like that's what I miss I I travel a lot
for this job and I like I I'm not a
nervous flier but like I have to smoke
weed and I get super high before I fly
just because it feels so good to like
walk through tsa Blitz out of my mind
just like [ __ ] you [ __ ] you yeah oh and
I'm also like I've convinced myself that
like god forbid the plane was to go down
if I'm like so [ __ ] high I won't
tense up my body like they say in a car
accident and I'll be fine like that's
what I I'm like I should be fine I could
shake it off right drugs are fun
[Music]
you
[Music]
and as a comic as Jane mentioned now I
will be working in Vegas very shortly we
fans in that town we don't even we like
Vegas yeah I try to be good when I'm
there because as a comic like we're
usually there for like a week at a time
so I have to like pace myself gambling
this last time I tried to be
conservative I played the nickel slots
right yeah I played nickel slots for ten
minutes
I lost $38,000
and some of the game some of the games
have their keno who has ever played
communal before you ever play keno you
play it right here at Euro your name is
what what's right Rebecca did you wait
at keno Rebecca no that's because it's
impossible um but if you like keno
Rebecca there's a new game in Vegas I
found very similar to keno it's where
you crumple up your money in a big paper
wad and you throw it in a deep dark
[ __ ] hole because I think the odds
and here's all my idiot friends don't we
all so they go oh you're going to play
Vegas make sure you play games you've
never played before just for fun yeah
that's a lot of fun isn't it we don't no
idea what the hell is going on so I want
to learn how to play craps because that
looks like a good time right yeah Pete
was crap there I was screaming and
yelling I got money you know right
so here's the problem I never learned
how to play and it's pretty intimidating
so this is what I did I went to a lesson
right this is true casinos offer you
what they call gaming lessons I'll give
you a little recap all right this is how
my craps lesson wet all right they're
about a thousand bet you can make here's
what you're gonna do take your money put
it on the table
someone will then roll the dice we are
then going to scoop your money away
and we're gonna repeat that process over
and over again or two you're completely
broke so it's good to me
now Rebecca which shots help you stand
when you were in Vegas oMG yeah that's a
nice one yeah did you yeah you had a
good time that one did you go to the
fork jig go to Caesars you got a forum
shots when you're there yeah that's a
good bargain shopping there isn't it
yeah who can at some of the stores I
walked into a store there I don't get a
lot yeah how much for this belt $300
yeah does it come with a prostitute does
she wit me with a belt because it's
already saying did you wait with that
we're back you one minute win money
where you were there no what's your
favorite game to play when you broke
even that's down about a grand all right
now what's your favorite game to play
poker I like poker are we poker fans
here it's all over Tina
that's my favorite game right and I like
playing poker I think like in casinos
right because there are specific rules
that you have to follow you ever play
with your buddies at home yeah there's
always that one guy who wants to teach
everybody some crazy new day Bueller you
know all these rules is like all right
here's the game this is common Johnny
goes to Bangladesh he always rides a
pony all right all even cards are wild
man all of them except the fours which
are actually fives now you're gonna get
three cards turn to face up one face
down
stand up switch seats or the person's
your right get three more cards flip one
face up and pass that back to your left
unless your neighbor has a king that
blocks the past and up again rotate back
to your left get three more cards flip
one face up all right now here's the
weird part all right
there are relationships and house
relationships yeah yeah the sad thing
how long you guys been together a year
huh
you guys might not make it you might not
make it yeah be serious
it's tough when you're young it is all
right this why I think it is ladies tell
me this is true or not all right I feel
like we were young in the beginning you
think relationships supposed to work
like a romantic movie all wrong yeah see
some guesses see some nose and nose the
horse is like no [ __ ] princess and
guys right we're [ __ ] up because we
doing relationships supposed to work
like pornos that's that's horrible all
right so everybody expectation is way
too high from the jump
I imagine this right Frankie I'm gonna
use you again it's Freddy Frankie listen
all right see what's your name Carmina
right let's say Frankie Ewan Carmina
guys in the class now Carmina you notice
Frankie got Alan's last test so your
approach them you know hey Frankie I
noticed you a since last testing I
wanted to know he'll study with me
Frankie's a cool guy he said yeah sure
let's study I Starbucks tomorrow night
right you're like actually Star Wars
just kind of loud how about we study in
my place
he's a ho okay all right now Carmina she
cries to her friend she's like oh my god
Bethany where'd I get the name from
anyway good like out of all the names
Bethany Bethany
Frankie was so nice he looks so nice he
agreed to study with me he was a
gentleman
wait man what's tomorrow Tuesday my
parents met on Tuesday he could be the
one
make some tea right now Frankie he goes
to his friend right he's a yo Chris
murdered at chicka Carmina right she has
to study
I said let's sit at Starbucks she said
[ __ ] that let's study at my house you
know what that means huh
oh he shows up and he's [ __ ] confused
because Carmina is wearing a wedding
dress in a backpack and then she's
confused because Frankie has no [ __ ]
books he just have a box of condoms into
forties and that's where the confusion
starts so ladies this what you have to
do you have to find a guy does not watch
pornos at all all the filters that don't
watch pornos please make some noise I
stop lying [ __ ] lies it's not true
right
you're checking a guy's phone right now
but you do your puke your puke looking
for a guy I don't watch porn I was like
looking for a needle in a haystack it
doesn't contain a needle you're going to
lose motivation so there is next best
thing you have to find a guy that least
watches romantic pornos right because is
that there is a difference right Carmina
go home the guy talking to say hey
showing your favorite porno if in the
first 5 seconds somebody shaking the ass
and they're naked it's too late he's too
deep it's not coming back but if the
porno has a theme and it's like on a
boat the couple gets hit by like an
iceberg and they're trapped in some room
and it's called like Titanic titties
they're you know you can work with
the second thing is a big thing in my
life it's how I lost all my weight I
beat my three year battle with cancer
that is real you should be clapping I
was diagnosed I like like I said I was
like 400 pounds so like even when my mom
got the results she was like that makes
sense yeah here's the thing I was dying
I had to write a pretty rough cancer
they're all pretty bad you know but like
here's the thing I I was diagnosed at 18
that is the roughest age to get
diagnosed with cancer because you're
legally an adult you're so medically a
child you know so you're looking at the
big dog on campus of the children's
cancer ward yeah it's kind of like being
the sexiest man alive and Applebee's
it's not worth going and that's the
thing is like being 18 you know you're
an adult you get to smoke a little you
know what I'm saying the microphones
we'd guys give it up but the problem is
is you have to get high around the worst
people to get high around little ass
kids and their narc ass parents dude
nothing is sadder than when you're like
edible high like melted into your chair
and you're like oh I'm gonna die like oh
[ __ ] so is every kid in this room said
oh you like you went through it come on
no and sometimes they would like force
you to play with the kid it's like I
have forgotten my own mom's name at this
point I'm so high no and the thing is is
like that's not even the worst part
about being a teen of cancer the one of
the worst things is you do not get a
make-a-wish you get beef with Mako ya
know I was 18 for like two weeks when I
got diagnosed and they cut me off like
they're working at [ __ ] Walgreens or
something like sorry so you'll just have
to come back and meet John Cena a
conventional man and it's I'm not even
upset that I didn't get a wish I'm upset
that I had to be stuck in a room high as
[ __ ] around little kids that did get
make a wishes and you know John they
brag there's a [ __ ] show that [ __ ] to
me like it's a timeshare presentation
I'm just like hi melted to my chair like
they earned it or something you know but
and that's not even the thing that I've
sent me the most
sometimes these these little kids they
would come up and they would wish wrong
one kids like I'm gonna go to North
Korea I was like how about your second
off she's like how about Vegas I'm like
Vegas you're a five year old with cancer
let's just put him in a sandbox steal a
thousand dollars wrong
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't know I would say I'd still take
it over being single who has the energy
for that nonsense dating and the talking
nope done done talking it's over single
guys just you're always worried about
getting laid that you're only concerned
you underestimate marriage you see it's
my second but I gotta get married but
you get married you're stuck with one
vagina for the rest of your life it's
like what are you collecting them how
many do you need find one you like man
work says I like my wife's there you go
I like her vagina
we're friends I'll tell you yeah because
I trusted with my life as I know
everything there is to know about it you
know you know its entire history it's
like I got the CARFAX
you know if it's been in any accidents
and if any accidents have been in it she
checks out totally clean record two
previous owners regularly made
no major service damage you know little
framework when I was in there you know
[Applause]
listen fellas you're always gonna you're
always gonna think about other other
women that's never gonna stop what a
twenty wrote sound like font sure yeah
so wouldn't driving a Lamborghini but I
know that's too much car for me the same
thing the time excite both would be
incredibly short and end in a horrible
accident go ahead you single people see
if I care
keep having your single sex with your
foreplay and your multiple positions
yeah hot shots take the married sex over
that nonsense any day the week yeah give
me that married sex give me that
consistent reliable three out of four
stars 67 degrees and partly cloudy
b-minus one position ten minutes long
two minutes for cuddling plenty of time
when we're done for a TV show
married sex
[Applause]
[Music]
good to see we're drinking here yeah man
drinking the legal limit for drinking is
0.08 point which is weird like it could
be zero right maybe it should be yeah I
just think they made the real point away
cuz there's some things in life you just
gotta be buzzed for like you need the
buzz right like I imagine the government
met and they're like alright no drinking
and driving when some guy was like oh
what if you're going to your in-laws
they're like alright two beers same
thing for the age of consent right
consent
yeah they're like no sex - you're 18
he's like what if you're an Iowa is like
alright sixteen yeah yeah we took down
Iowa guys and I said that at a show
recently at middle that show the guy
just goes he goes up in Arkansas it's 13
and it's not it's 17 if I can pedophile
my show but you gotta stay in stay
informed you gotta watch documentaries
and [ __ ] dude watch dogs oh yeah so I
documentary they changed my life reason
you did this one was on Fidel Castro
okay yeah and a reporter asked him why
he never shaves his beard and then Fidel
said shaving is 15 minutes a day which
is 10 days a year I could be doing work
house watching I was like damn I jerk
off
way too much jerk-off would shave all
the time can't spell guarantee you know
I'm saying guys the best thing it all
comes back on all comes full circle in
the circle of life you know cause like
one time in the middle of sex a girl
wanted me to masturbate yeah she was
like I really get off when I watch a guy
I masturbate I was like well yes this is
where I was practicing for yeah it's
game seven hours so yeah I haven't
having sex for a few years thank you so
much been really fine one time I slept
with a girl didn't pull out really
stupid right yeah so she was on birth
control but she wanted to get plan B CH
they want to double down and be safe so
we get the plan B and then she goes if I
still get pregnant that'd be awful yeah
I was like if you get pregnant that kids
a superhero all right it's a mutant
right if that baby is born it'll already
know how to talk it'll just look at us
and say I know you tried to kill me
yeah the Boy Who Lived
[Music]
hi I went to this all-chinese for a
school or training I had this teacher
who used to beat the [ __ ] out of me
every time I get naughty just me only I
get that treatment the other kids get
naughty got a timeout in the office I
was embraced with I wouldn't watch I
thought that teacher hated me for some
reason
until one day one day I find out he went
to prison for [ __ ] every single one
of those kids in his office
now Chicago you hurt me
exactly what happened mysterium prison
today now I'm [ __ ] pissed
throw the letter with his name on it
thunder to prison it says dear teacher I
know what you did to all this kids and I
know you hate me I knew it because you
only [ __ ] the ones that you love I'm
feeling a little left out what's wrong
with me
I'm a solid ten you piece of [ __ ]
now all of the kids that I went to
preschool with they hate me now they
really hate me not even a joke but to
you me whatever they think of me means
less than nothing because I was the only
one who graduated from my grade school
with a perfect bottom oh you guys you
can't talk about your butt off without a
real immediate further ones I get have
you do a laugh out of my butthole Joey
you're a hater you'll love me hire me
for your children's birthday
Thank You Chicago you guys are prey
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
if doing heroin and the need to do
heroin is anything like how I feel when
I'm looking for a cellphone charger then
I get it there's a goddamn war going on
outside you guys between gay people and
people who enjoy delicious chicken
sandwiches
[Applause]
and we're all involved in this war I
hope you've chosen your side wise I've
lost a lot of friends in the past couple
of a lot of friends alright a lot of
friends
alright I've because you know what I've
decided it I don't care anymore
alright if it was between me and your
 friendship and that
chicken sandwich that I'm choosing a
chicken sandwich every time because it's
way more delicious than anybody's
friendship I want to start by saying
that I met Bill Cosby and he was very
nice to me to me obviously I can't speak
for about 55 women who may have had a
less than enjoyable experience with the
cause but it was very nice to me I went
to his house I did we had tea I don't
remember much after the tea I want to be
honest with you guys I'm at a place in
my life right now where $30 could change
everything
if you know what I'm saying to you like
I'm one overdraft fee away from
bankruptcy right if you don't tell me
what it is I'm thinking about robbing a
bank maybe I'm thinking about it
third eyes of the day I'm the type of
man that needs a man around the house
the other day the other day I was trying
to make dinner you know and I couldn't
open a jar so you know what I did I ate
something else I'm kidding obviously it
was not drugged and raped by Bill Cosby
but we did I don't know I emailed them I
emailed them I wanted to reach out
because you guys being so mean soon
didn't write anything in the body of
email I only wrote in the subject line I
did you want to know what I wrote no I
wrote a my you good that's what I
wrote before that I don't know if he's
gonna respond I don't know if he checks
his email you know what and I gotta warn
you I'm actually is a weird time for me
too looking for girls I my last
girlfriend and I can share this with you
guys cuz I feel like we're close my less
my last girlfriend actually broke up
with me because she said I was verbally
abusive can you believe that like I'm
not that guy alright that was a little
harsh I remember tonight she told me she
was like Jerrod you're really verbally
abusive and I was like
these are just words all right sticks
and stones sticks and stones actually
what I called her because she was
anorexic with a drug problem sticks is
Bernie Bernie are we doing it are we for
real about Bernie I like I'm willing to
get on board but I keep thinking people
being ironic I first heard about them I
was in Silver Lake and if you know
anything about LA you know the further
east you go the more ironic things are
you can't tell it seriously and I guess
we are we're on board with Bernie I'm
gonna be on board with Bernie I think I
don't know I think he I'm sure he's
gonna be fine I'm sure he's gonna be
great it seems he's he's old man and and
I don't mean I don't mean an age I mean
an energy sir people have like old man
energy and he I mean it matches I'm sure
his age but I mean I'm sure he's gonna
be fine but he's definitely the first
president to embarrass us on some old
man like definitely and you gotta
be prepared for that like he's gonna be
the first president to like negotiate a
nuclear deal with a mustard stain on the
shirt and and if you found with it I'm
fine with it I don't know much about his
policies but I know he eats up a strong
sandwich every day for lunch he's just
look in his eyes and me I actually
started going down like my bank robbery
checklist like what do I need to rob a
bank
like I need gloves got those I need a
ski mask
I need a computer to hack into the
system I need a getaway car first I need
a car
then I realize something I can't afford
to rob a bank right now like robbing
banks so expensive like I'm standing
this side of the Bank of America around
the corner just you know casing the
joint and I realize there is no way I'm
gonna be able to rob this Bank without
applying for a small business loan first
I can't tell if just let her have this
one is a good enough reason to vote for
Hillary like this while would do it
completely just rooted and nothing
political it would be like
Hahnemann her husband got his dick
something we all know about it let's
just let it have this one let's just let
her be president can we talk about how
how difficult it is for me this whole
Bill Cosby thing a lot of you may not
relate maybe he wasn't your favorite
comic maybe you don't do comedy but for
me was he was you know important person
in my life you know an inspiration if
you will and it's hard you know sorry
I'm you know it's not that I'm not
making any excuses at all you know like
what I let him get my mom headache
medication of course not but but it's
hard watching your hero fall from grace
it's hard really is I mean for me this
whole Bill Cosby thing is like it's like
watching Superman rescue a boy from a
burning building and then immediately
molest that boy it's funny watching like
women not give a about Hillary
Clinton that's my favorite part of this
whole like thing is just watching women
just not give a it's amazing you
would think that it's like I like his
thing I'm not saying I voted for Obama
because he's black but we get it like
sure was I not gonna
why don't women have that same
camaraderie like what's going on here
what's the problem is because it's
because if I made without you hating me
women only kind of with other women
only kind of sometimes and pins what's
the life expectancy of a woman's
friendship with another woman oh no like
two and a half years max before
goes wrong maybe you get back together
years later but it's gonna hit a
wall it's it's going to I have it
that's why filmer and Louise was so
realistic the only way to maintain a
friendship was to drive up a
Club you just had it's like we got to
kill ourselves or we are gonna get angry
at each other over some do you
have a girlfriend no your boyfriend no
no no no no I'm not - I can't you're all
about comedy that's all you want this
that's it that's it plus only have like
one good date in me that's it like one
and what would that be no I'm just
saying I could I like one time I only
have like enough interest and money and
an outfit for one Oh looking really cool
to go out on a date hip looking really
cool t-shirt some bling bling yeah well
you got to be creative you got it like
meet the girl someplace with free food
maybe a wedding Wow and then that's a
free date right there have you done that
no no I I spent way too much on dates
because I don't want my wife to find out
I was never good with daily I didn't
date for until I was after college I'm
the same way you know and I had no money
to spend you just perform for him if you
like the little drummer boy of comedy
that's right that's right no gifts to
bring is this okay like when she's on
like my television like I get really
excited about Hillary Clinton I think oh
man she's you know she's smart you know
I don't think she's murdering anybody I
don't know how to be president but as
soon as she goes away completely forget
about it forget she existed forget
anything she said get what she did it's
also how I feel about Bruno Mars his
music play when he's performing on the
Super Bowl and well he's a great
performer I'm gonna buy us out and then
Monday comes and I don't buy this album
because I'm an adult and I get late you
know I can't listen to a little Hawaiian
man sing about love in my car it's crazy
I own stamps I'm a citizen I think
Twitter would have been useful if it
were around like 15 years ago and they
could use it as evidence against OJ
during the trial actually wrote a few
ideas now um so really quickly if you
guys please walk with me um the years
now 1994 when Jose Simpson trial I'm the
prosecutor you guys are the jury and I
have Oh J Simpson's Twitter records once
again 1994 OJ Simpson's well mr. Simpson
on June 11th 1994 you tweeted the
follower
once again Oh Jay Simpson June 11th 1994
you tweeted at 9:07 p.m. white
be trippin at 9:18 p.m. oj simpson you
tweeted i can't get this new song
waterfalls out of my head
[Applause]
TLC for life at 10:12 p.m. oj simpson
you tweeted does anybody know how to get
blood stains out of Tommy Hilfiger jeans
these are your words mr. Simpson at
11:05 p.m. was there something you
tweeted what's the deal with this new
windows 95 I hate Netscape Navigator
then finally at 11:52 p.m. OJ Simpson
you tweeted how she gonna run like I win
the Heisman or something
what's interested about Trump is it's
the first time in my life I've seen
white people like helpless never seen
that before I've never seen just like
despite the best efforts there's nothing
you could do he's unstoppable he's
unstoppable he will only stop when he
decides to he's like a white Hurricane
Katrina like he's just breaking all the
levees my family's not speaking to me
right now I can share that with you guys
too
my family's not speaking then that
because I play devil's advocate at my
brother's intervention
I was like first of all you guys you
don't walk in this man's house
unannounced like this you call the head
and then secondly calm down everybody
all right I mean after all he is the
life of the party so it's obviously
crazy I think he kind of is America you
know when you think about it arrogant
ignorant sometimes spending money
doesn't have thinks he's right all the
time he is a mere it's like a Captain
Planet were created by like an election
it's what Donald Trump is I think he's
crazy things he's you know
insane but as someone who recently moved
to a new tax bracket I also think he has
some good ideas sometimes like even at
Hitler's funeral there was still some
dude who had to get up there and speak
and it was hard for him society just
hating Hitler he knows that Hitler was
his best friend he tried to find nice
things to say let's stand up there was
speech over the coffin angry reporters
look what can you say about the guy you
know I know a lot of you hated him I get
it but you don't understand like he
helped pay for my daughter's braces man
he was a good dude he was a good dude
okay I know the whole Holocaust thing
but he used to make these quesadillas
man and and trust me you haven't had a
quesadilla so you had a Hitler
quesadilla there was something things
and here's the thing you know it's the
only if you guys eat at the chick-fil-a
the song right down the street it's an
outdoor chick-fil-a it's outside and I
eat there a lot and people drive by and
they scream stuff at me I was like what
are you doing you shouldn't support this
establishment and you know like get the
 out of there and all types of
they scream these things at me and those
people don't know they don't know what
it's like to feel ashamed of doing
something that you love
they don't understand what it's like to
be ridiculed by society for doing what
comes natural to you okay I didn't
choose to like chick-fil-a I was born
this way I was born enjoying delicious
chicken salmon so I guess what I'm
saying everybody in here
you know if you want to eat a
chick-fil-a is it gets better
this another thing I'm getting older too
I had to wear long sleeves to visit my
family because it was a bruise on my arm
because the lady bit me yeah that's ex
she did it it was a it wasn't like a
train incident it was here's what
happened we were it was our second date
so I thought I knew her and I thought I
had a good grats and she goes she goes
welcome back to my place and I was like
yeah like real cool yeah and she goes
just see you know I like rough sex and I
was like oh yeah my first thought when
she said I was like I rough sex so like
no music okay mmm it's gonna be rough
I could power through without Drake I've
done it before yeah that's the thing I
found I lit candles and I put music on
and she walked in my room and was like
you sacrificing me what's happening she
bit me really hard I didn't like it and
there's nothing more masculine I'll
never forget there's nothing more
Massenet than where you stopped having
sex to go hey I like that it's it was
not just the out it was the hey that
really made it hey know what the happy
thing
I just don't need it man like any of
that stuff were you hurt I just want to
have sex the old fat like just I hope
everyone has fun and no one gets hurt
she tried choking me after I told Oh
bite me she just went to choking that's
better I know what prompted it was I
three than two well for you and I hate
it she went for it I didn't like it so I
told her to stop then she did and she
asked me to do it to her and her sex
voice in that voice you gotta have for
sex you know it everyone here turns this
little Goblin on inside them
[Music]
you have to you got do that you can't
bring your out in the bow voice to the
table when you're having sex just like
hey how are we Jesus nope
I didn't know I was walking into a
Walmart dude I don't need it I don't
need a title girl from nipple rings - I
liked him
I didn't mind him but she accuse me of
danger because of oh she's like und me
because I have nipple rings my mind that
she thinks that's a prerequisite for
someone that there's a guy out there
that's gonna lift the shirt of a girl
and be like Oh plain just for show it's
my house who play ass titties like that
how dare you put them away up yeah I
can't no not without ornaments not we've
got some pageantry
[Applause]
and I leave I'll tell you guys this last
thing I went through a breakup right
before I moved to move the year ago my
girlfriend broke up we were together for
six months not a long time this is how
we broke up because she's brought me to
brunch to tell me for the past two years
she's been making eight grand a month as
a sugar baby in Chicago you guys know
what that is good for you I didn't I was
just like yeah okay keep that job
whatever it is then she explained to me
what it was she gets money to be a
girlfriend to an old guy two different
old guys whatever you do this today you
gotta be pretty and wait can anybody do
this
[Applause]
then she's like no and she walked me
through a process she was like oh stay
together and I'll walk you through it
she did she goes what happens is I meet
a client online we meet in person and we
go over my list of don'ts my no list
okay what's number one she goes number
one no anal am I told that's where you
start a list holy [ __ ] whoa that's but
at the same time that's a pretty good
place to start a list like I'm gonna
start all my list that way from here on
out
just to play safety Chicago you know
like even if it's grocery lady but I'm
gonna put it above eggs man so if that
happens to me at Whole Foods cuz I
didn't write it down
Oh ruin my day number two what's number
two she goes no water sports and I'm
like really and she goes yeah you know
what that means I know I think so she
goes this peeing on each other and I'm
like I didn't know what that man really
I just thought your deal-breakers were
but stuff in jet skis or something funny
or wasn't we broke up we broke up cuz I
felt dirty the whole relationship
because she's been buying me things and
I thought it was her money but it wasn't
it was his money so I was just a sugar
grand baby
it's party time you guys thank you very
much
[Applause]
[Music]
my friend had a kid and I go why would
you do that he goes he goes I didn't
plan on it's like okay fine a lot of
people weren't planned I wasn't playing
I'm just saying as a culture can we
begin to plan this stuff wouldn't it be
a better world like nobody ever bought
an animal with I'm walking home with a
horse my leg motors I got one bedroom
oh my bad later makes me a bad guy
invited somebody some planets and
shopping - barks all the wrong make room
for more people in China this little
room for panda bears I don't want to war
when I can't have your baby thank God
thank you God people I'm saying can we
as it like you know everybody's always
get to be a screening process if you
want to have a baby shouldn't you have
to answer some basic questions go to the
DMV fill out some paperwork you wanna
have a kid okay um are you a complete
screw-up
yeah no babies for you and then
everybody's like oh how to be defined
screw up let's start here are you in and
out of prison on methamphetamine related
felonies yeah
no babies for you you know do you
already have three kids call you by your
first name yeah no more babies for you
are you on the impression Red Lobster is
a legitimately good restaurant you're
going to have to think about that for
you apply again give it a year I'm just
saying we're always celebrating Mother's
Day and Father's Day and that's
wonderful we should but we also
celebrate a day of self-restraint a day
which someone said to themselves I'm not
cut out for this job and I'm not going
to burden the kid and planet Earth with
my issues can we have a national pullout
day just other good life thank you guys
for coming thank you lon god bless
a few nights ago two one-night stand
thank you so much just kidding it was
about like three six nine month like a
year and I was about two years ago I had
a one-night stand and the lady I was
with was we got to the oral port okay
this is how awkward I am right now just
wait so we get to the meat and potatoes
of the story uh she went down on me and
without any warning she decided to give
me a [ __ ] just yeah if you don't know
what a rim job is good for you just hang
out hang out for about two minutes and
pick up your halo after the show you
little angel holy [ __ ]
and I can't I did not know what to do
like I don't know what protocol is when
that happens and you're not into it I
was just like I literally the first
thing I thought was oh this is happening
that's the first thought in my head I
had like my hands on my chest at my eyes
talk to the side like I was in some
coming-of-age teen comedy yeah I mean
like the only line I was missing was
like that Wonder Years voice over I'm
like little did I know that's the summer
when everything was going to change and
finally it was over thank God it was we
would resume to the sex portion and we
were in the moment that's what we call
him therapy being in the moment and all
I could think while that was happening
was please don't lead any kiss me please
don't need any kiss Fame it thought she
was leaning in to kiss me would she go
and so without giving it a moment's
thought I just kind of moved my head to
the side to kiss her neck but I did it
so fast that my teeth came into the
equation a little skin broke yet
normally this would stop everything kind
of like the temperature in the room
right now but I found out on top of
giving [ __ ] she's into really rough
sex and I spent the next ten minutes
getting the [ __ ] beat out of me while
trying to calm and I picked up from the
body I'm wearing it's not built for
rough sex giving or receiving I think
this body knows how to make his love
hair-pulling is borderline cardio and
these are dub soft hands okay just
anybody volunteer how soft yeah not a
day of manual labor thank you very much
how cuz I come from money I just know my
limits
Facebook getting different from me and
[ __ ] man I can't you can't really say
what you want to say on Facebook anymore
yeah now you ever set a status and your
friends and family just [ __ ] you up in
the comments anybody ever had that
status wrong yeah you see what I'm
saying that I said cuz the thing is
different from my facebook now I got a
lot more white friends and shakers are
doing comedy it's a lot of Brad's on my
timeline yummy
and I said the wrong thing one day was
early in the morning this [ __ ] I said I
do not watch Game of Thrones yeah I
don't wait people yes that's what it was
it was Madison and me they're like
Terrell what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
I think he's depressed I think he's
depressed too and I was like look I
don't watch Game of Thrones guys okay I
don't like seeing white people [ __ ] they
family that's just me what in my role is
that the problem the most perverted show
on television
if you don't think he's perverted just
look at the dude that wrote Game of
Thrones have you ever seen that
[ __ ]
he's like everything that we thought
Michael Jackson was he just had it wrong
the whole time any father's in here
clapping I'll give you a father s
Santa's hand crap
it's a couple fathers in here they just
go playing the kid that's I don't know
if it's mine I don't know if it's mine I
really does
we need no fathers man doesn't even need
strong fathers to be in our communities
and [ __ ] we do cuz like I had the only
dad in my neighborhood that was [ __ ]
up man it was like us all the other kids
they know what the [ __ ] a dad was at all
like I'm gonna run took my dad's who
report card day my little homie came up
to me was like yo jerel you brother old
as hell man I'm like no that's my dad Oh
his name dad no [ __ ] this is my
biological father is what I'm saying
[Music]
this is an exciting man cuz I quit my
job at the grocery store oh my gosh I
was working at this grocery store I
hated it why is it when you hate your
job they won't fire you it was the worst
neighborhood man it was so hood and I
hated my manager cuz he's like listen
Mike if people are stealing I need you
to do something like just do something I
live around here
I know these folks what's gonna happen
if I apprehend William he like half it
is for you doc I know William
struggle with me didn't run off William
got away
bill cosby what you're already very
excited i want to start by saying that I
met Bill Cosby and he was very nice to
me to me obviously I can't speak for
about 55 women who may have had a less
than enjoyable experience with the cause
but it was very nice to me I went to his
house I did we had tea I don't remember
much after the tea I'm kidding obviously
it was not drugged and raped by Bill
Cosby but we did I don't know I emailed
them I emailed him I wanted to reach out
because you guys being so mean soon
didn't write anything in the body at
email only wrote in the subject line I
did you want to know what I wrote uh-huh
I wrote a my [ __ ] you good that's what
I wrote before that I don't know if he's
gonna respond I don't know if he checks
his email he does he'll say can we talk
about how how difficult it is for me
thus old Bill Cosby thing a lot of you
may not relate maybe he wasn't your
favorite comic maybe you don't do comedy
but for me was it was a you know
important person in my life you know a
an inspiration if you will and it's
alright you know it's alright I'm you
know it's not that I'm not making any
excuses at all you know like what I let
him give my mom headache medication of
course not but
but it's hard watching your hero fall
from grace it's hard really is mean for
me this whole Bill Cosby thing is like
it's like watching Superman rescue a boy
from a burning building and then
immediately molest that boy you know
leaving me to emotionally weigh the good
with the bad
I want to see the good in them I want to
see the good in everybody you know I try
and take what I call the best friend
perspective you know or even if someone
did something evil wrong I try and see
the good in them you know like a best
friend like even at Hitler's funeral
there was still some dude who had to get
up there in speed
and it was hard for him society just
hating Hitler he knows that Hitler was
his best friend he tried to find nice
things to say I could stand up there
with a speech over the coffin angry
reporters look what can you say about
the guy you know I know a lot of you
hated him I get it but you don't
understand like he helped pay for my
daughter's braces man he was a good dude
he was a good dude
okay I know the whole Holocaust thing
but he used to make these quesadillas
man and and trust me you haven't had a
quesadilla till you had a Hitler
quesadilla there was something things
make some noise guys who and here's a
but man were the ass guys that come on
guys let me hear it huh
thank you sir for having guts she takes
a sip and rolls her eyes thank you for
telling the truth all the rest of you
guys are liars
but chicks are the best aah I was
obsessed with butt cheeks in high school
but I was a huge loser like I worked
quicksilver shirts and I have like a
bowl cut and a cross necklace it was a
mess laughs like I couldn't talk I
couldn't talk to girls in high school so
what I did is I invented a move and I'll
share this with you it's super
embarrassing I did this for all four
years of high school this is what I
would do if a hot girl was sitting in
front of me I'd put my foot up on her
book tray and I lean forward to that my
shin would be touching her butt cheek
flap that was hanging off the back of
the chair and I was just for the whole
class I was just shin butt flaps like
that was my thing I was just oh it's
just the guy was but laughs
this guy loves it you're gonna do it by
the way I could tell you're ready did it
five but like I try to make it look like
I'm not doing anything like I'm just
taking notes
oh man the civil wars crazy but I'm
obviously violating her personal space
girls would lean forward because what
I'm doing is disgusting so I'd have to
like really like get in there to like
this that like hey mr. McGraw ski
what are you doing the scantron is crazy
you're killing us today but I'm
obviously for you guys true story every
once in a while a girl would lean back
into my shin and it's like oh this
girl's nasty because then you can go
side to side you can get the whole
sphere in there you're fantastic
I remember it's true story one time this
girl Sarah fell asleep like this at
study hall and I just went to town
laughs Factory
I just went to town you can say that I'm
a sexual creep I just say I'm beating
the system guys okay I just beat the
system thank you sir thank you sir I
could do a lot of stupid stuff like that
as a kid I get in trouble all the time I
used to fight all the time at recess and
I'm obviously a so I shouldn't
have done that then anybody in here
fight you guy in the army jacket would
you ever fight at school for sure right
this that means he's killed people
before
he murdered somebody today on the way
over here and he doesn't want me to talk
about it I'm the next one who's going to
get murdered obviously but I was
thinking about all my fights at school
on my childhood fights and I remember
that kids fight differently than adults
like if I said something about your girl
you would just beat the crap out of me
right now because we're men but kids
don't do that kids schedule the fight
for later
you guys remember doing that stuff it
was always like hey Tim you messed up
dude I heard you told the whole class I
like Maria big mistake bro 4:30 at the
bus stop I'll see you there dude and
then you go and have all day of school
together this is a true story I was
supposed to fight Dave Ryan we set it up
for 4:30 okay all day everybody's like
oh dude 4:30 4:30 me and Dave get
paired up together on a science project
in class and we had to work together the
whole period I was like I think number
three is photosynthesis he was like are
you sure dude I was like yeah it's
definitely photosynthesis he was like
wow thanks man for 30
I used to substitute teach during the
day for extra money but I work with the
younger kids not the older kids you know
because once you get to sixth grade they
can kind of bully me a little bit like
that cuz you can't you can't Punk a
sixth grade into doing his work like
Ricky sit down and do your work
yeah you want to take this outside no
Ricky continue your work actually I
don't have I think something teaching is
probably the most thankless job on the
planet by far that's the only job where
you're guaranteed to get every kid at
their absolute worst it's guaranteed
nobody sees a substitute and then thinks
I'm gonna be well behaved today what
better time to be well-behaved than when
there's absolutely no consequences for
my actions do you guys remember having
substitutes do you remember that were
you well-behaved no you were animals as
soon as that substitute walk through the
door we looked at each other in
agreement no I'm gonna try and make him
cry there was always one kid in the back
of the class it would take it way too
far he'd always come out like John I'm
gonna fight him oh no we just wanted to
change careers we're children
I work for private schools public
schools the private schools are the
worst because they can invent whatever
rules they want if they're very bright
guy I've always had a prior very
progressive private school and they they
made rules are like hey if you ever play
any games with the children we want you
to let them win to help build up
confidence we want strong confident
children and I'm a gamer I go 110 always
but I also needed the money you know
what I mean and of course that morning
recess a little first grader you wanted
to race me you guys I smoked him I
smoked him
I forgot how fast I was by the way
I forgot I'm by the way my confidence
through the roof they were absolutely
right but he started crying he was
crying right there that's how bad I beat
him I mean it got crying I never told
the age if I tell that story
we started crying I had to talk to him
like a little to finally pull them aside
as I've listened I'm gonna talk to you
like you're a little adult right now
okay listen to me you are a white kid at
a private school this may not make sense
to you right now with this race we had
you actually want you win you really I'm
loser I you get it we gotta go I'm the
loser in this situation most kids like
the one I sell on time so for him
because I was always honest I never lied
every class every morning same thing
everybody bring it in nice and tight
take a knee
listen up I do not want to be here this
morning let's get through this day as
quickly as possible all right everybody
pay attention the monitor we're gonna
spend the next six hours watch an old
stand-up clips of mine on YouTube
[Applause]
who's got parents in the biz
[Music]
and I obviously moved here from aerelon
cuz TV showed the hills I wish that was
a joke I was like kind of dumb I could
do that I've been here in LA like six
years I've yet to suck a dick usually
gets a bigger round of applause but this
is not a dick sucking crowd I see now I
just haven't sucked the right - yes
that's why I'm not headlining in tonight
you're kind of a slow crowd I like this
takes you oh that's funny no the main
reason I moved here is cuz American
women you're [ __ ] unreal any American
women whoo we got one would your on real
because you give [ __ ] nor [ __ ]
in Ireland their bands everything sexual
is banned in Ireland wanking wanking in
Ireland is gay it's banned and it is
kind of gay you're pulling a dick that's
[ __ ] gay if dudes although we were
like nah smack it's our own dick if
dudes could give themselves [ __ ]
they'd be like ah it's not gay it's my
aunt dick masturbation is gay what else
is banned condoms when I go home after
smuggle condoms home so I swallow
continent full of condoms sit in the
plane be like dog first
yeah but blorch I got one [ __ ] but
like when I was 21 and she'd know what
the [ __ ] was going on eight nor clue I'd
only read about them in a book about
[ __ ] like artists are lovely so was
my birthday and I'm drunk in her house
and she's like sit down you ready you
know I was like I don't know she's like
here I go and I didn't know what to do
with my hands so just like
I didn't want to touch her head but she
just got her hair done I was like yeah
but then she just put her mouth over it
like she was trying to thaw out a window
she just meant she liked that I was like
yeah you got a blow on the - I think she
was like that was my turn I just got on
my knees and sound of humming she's
about five feet away from me - also I
don't think I do that - it's a lot of
bad sex and ireland's what I'm trying to
say like having sex with Irish moms like
you're at mass it's quiet its solemn
it's very respectful its lot like this
people just waiting for you to [ __ ] off
there's a priest in the car for some
reason father of shock Missy he's like
alright give it to her there's no dirty
talk you know it's very silent it's nods
and coughs and Patton the first time I
came here and had sex with American girl
she was like oh what are you into
that was like [ __ ] this this is
unreal she's like no one needs to be
more she stuck a finger in my ass I
blacked out I woke up with that song
it's a whole new world
[Music]
she's stuck another one in dough she's
like God you like that Daddy the truth
came out I said I do mommy very
unfortunate I was having sex with a
Mexican girl she kept calling me Chula I
was like see chichi she's late you like
that puppy you like a puppy
tell me like a puppy I was like poppin
Ireland's potato so
okay mash it up baby
people can't get my name right either
it's Marik it's a pretty [ __ ] simple
and just one girl was like oh Marik I
was like Mac she was like Eric
I was like no Marik she's like oh [ __ ]
me Omer but then she got upset she's
like that's not very Irish and I was
like yeah my real name is patty potato I
come from potato Ireland she was like
shocked me paddy I gave her the four I'm
choppin the stick she passed out no one
very nice
[Music]
I got a four-year-old boy I got a
one-year-old girl after a boy I really
wanted a girl you know so I knew I was
gonna be overprotective father because
we saw the ultrasound the doctors like
it's gonna be a girl I was like Oh
doctor how do you know he's like because
you can see the lips I was like excuse
me what he's like you could see her
vagina lips like are you better shut the
hell up doctor talk about my daughter's
vagina casually like that it's rude
let's be mature about this sir these are
common terms a vagina lips really doctor
common term
I've never two girls in the restroom
going oh my god Susie you nose really
dry for me this week
my vagina lips my wife is like babe babe
calm down no no doctor I'm gonna look
this up on my phone right now
vagina lips I just I just clicked images
it's all Angelina Jolie you're right
you're right very common term
alright my last name's Kim I really
wanted my son to be the leader of the
Asian American people I was gonna name
it Martin Luther Kim that's my first
choice that was gangsta my second choice
was Abraham link it was my second choice
Abraham Lincoln
I want to look good in this town look
being in LA you really changed your
perceptions of what beauty is and how to
take care of yourself
I saw the hottest married couple I've
ever seen in my entire life when I first
got here I've been here for a year and a
half there's more of them but these
people they both met and work in the
same gym that I go to the husband
he's like an avatar he at least 7 feet
tall this guy but he's not lean he's
[ __ ] yo he's huge
like I've never seen somebody so defined
and written he looks like the day he was
born is when he just punched his way out
of the Earth's core he tamed a wild
horse and wrote it with no saddle to the
LA Fitness and North Hollywood of them
filled out an application it got the job
that day and he's beautiful to look at
too and I'm not gay but I get nervous
around him understand history right go
man don't look at my stomach please what
do you want to do Peck see I'll do pecks
and then I follow him around the gym I
love that guy he's like he's like he's
like the captain of the football team
and I'm like that out-of-shape bald girl
that has a crush on him so that's it and
his wife is like an Amazon she's got
like one inch underneath him and she's
like all tan and beautiful and these
like Bionic Woman thick legs and the
Sarah Connor defined arms in this
12-pack I think she killed somebody and
took their six-pack and grafted it like
Highlander II dude I fantasize about
them [ __ ] up together and I'm all
I'm not even in the fantasy I'm watching
I'm visualizing them having set when
they [ __ ] it's got to be like when
transformers fight they just run at each
other full-speed nude and then they
crash into one another they go rolling
around the apartment smashing into walls
sparks are coming off of both of them
you don't know who's inside who because
it doesn't matter cuz it's in 3d last
part of the sex acts in China for some
reason Mark Wahlberg there how do you
guys doing making love did I leave my
gym key Katya
so you're all alone I'm sorry to see
that you're what your girlfriend's in
the bathroom that's kind of personal
isn't it sir you know loaded Johnny I
don't give a [ __ ] over here you want to
tell us what number she's doing while
you're at it sir if you could look away
I'm doing a show how are you guys let's
get to know you a little bit then I got
a pop right into my act what's your name
guy will okay will what
knowing this will what what will you do
wait for your girlfriend yeah I don't
think she's coming out now she can she
can hear us out here what do you do well
great to have you what a great cause
give will a hand in this I see barely he
rarely gets out of the house what do you
do Willie will a real estate agent
graded to be had a good year buddy have
you been not kicking some hairy ass how
many uh let's say how many houses of you
sold guy twelve oak and we wonder why
there's a homeless problem okay why are
you clapping - goodbye one of his houses
dude you did how is it well there's a
glowing endorsement ah
hi I'm well and my houses are ah pretty
good
what is it IKEA as I doubt IKEA house oh
you're back ma'am you should have heard
the [ __ ] he was saying about it we're
all very sorry about the diarrhea man
that's well we'll see our prize you know
fun look at the people up here how are
you man how you doing love God good to
see you you look beautiful your name
ma'am Lisa okay yeah there was a little
beat or you weren't sure this is like hi
my name is Lisa are you hiding something
ma'am what do you do my love and then I
got a pop right into my routine
then what do you do love an actress holy
[ __ ] you're from Amsterdam holy should
have you ever been in IKEA house
whoo this could be a good night for you
thanks well don't don't hold onto her
too tight there might be some in there
still he's squeezing her he's gonna got
the tire way come on will this guy I
want to make these [ __ ] for coming
thank you how are you guy let's talk to
you then I got to get rid into my ass
I'm just up here just trying to get
these things off my chest you know I
carry a lot of weight to the world on me
I read that people are still accusing
Lance Armstrong using steroids and I
hope that's not true
I'm not worried that kids will think
steroids are cool I'm worried the kids
will think cycling is cool pretty good I
have kind of a different opinion on
steroids actually you know I'm a big
baseball fan
I do not care that Barry Bonds hit 700
home runs on steroids I care that
there's a guy out there somewhere that
hit one home run on steroids because
that guy's sucks
maybe nice expose to the baseball player
the view when you hit the same number of
home runs on steroids you could have on
mushrooms that's embarrassing
you could have saved yourself the back
acne took around the bags with some
leprechaun what's up party people i'm
comedian Ron geez you think that videos
the lyrics feel free to like share and
comment on the video below or you can
see us live at Hollywood Long Beach Reno
and then you don't block your blessing
oh yeah
I wasn't sure how I was gonna start the
show I've worked out stuff and I have to
tell you something I'm I swear this is
true it happened six minutes ago and I
can see the guy I'm not gonna point out
who it is there are no toilets no
restrooms backstage and so I had to go
to the the gents to the restroom and I
was there standing doing what I'm not
looking at him doing doing what I had to
do and I felt my phone vibrate in my
pocket I've been having an on-off signal
since I've been here anyway I had a free
hand so I am I
I took my phone out and I had to look
and I'm I normally wear glasses to read
which I don't have with me so I was
holding it like this and it's a text
message from a friend of mine a comedian
friend telling me about a gig and I'm
looking at it and I'm laughing and I
turned to the guy next to me it looked
like I was taking a photo of his penis
so January 2 and it was him so an and
well done miss good choice I am
okay I sorry if I'm what what's your
name a friend
hello Brian that's a strong grip is nice
expecting Oh what what do you do I know
one thing you do clearly what nice to
watch what's your job Brian
I didn't get that so I am doesn't matter
in my head your mechanic
it's not about pardon so nice to meet
you Brian I'd be doing this job I've
been a comedian for a while when I first
started I I met a girl right you will
one day Brian I met a girl and them and
she was a lovely girl and she told me
she wanted sex really badly which is
lucky sauce just so I do it but she um
I'll wait but she um but she watches
very beautiful girl every long shoulder
length arms and we um and we we saw each
other we saw each other for a while and
I we used to talk about fantasies and
things I thought one day she's be come
on you've never told me what's your
favorite fantasy and I said I'll be
honest I've I've always wanted to sleep
with two women and she said well have
you I said well you're the second so yes
and so I said to her said what's your
fantasy
she said I'd love to cover myself in a
whipped cream and for you to lick it off
I said look I'd love to but fortunately
I'm allergic to cream she said don't
worry I'll use a substitute Steve his
name was but
but I is this your you've married with a
promise that you have partner next you
know no did not know her oh this is
awkward
okay um notice you have your hand on her
knee the thing is I now object there lot
of there are lot of couples in who's the
couple you two you two a couple you not
a couple you're very friendly here your
are there any couples guys I don't know
and with one couple brilliant it's well
then the only couple in the room but the
thing is I'm jealous I'm jealous oh well
what's your name our friend Chris cry
I'm jealous a couple's Chris's I haven't
found the one which is quite assigned
for me quite sad for my parents
devastating for my wife but i am i how
long have you been married Chris doesn't
matter I am to be fair it was a
difficult question and I'd already asked
you your name so am i I've been married
I've been married and one thing is the
thing is when you be married andand how
things can get a bit dull am i right
Chris you shouldn't have nodded but um
things can get a bit dull and I've been
as I have tried to spice things up try
to spice things up with my wife I'd
recently try to add sparkle in the
bedroom and my wife wasn't interested
which annoyed make her Sparkle wasn't a
cheap prostitute but I am still nice
nice guy but I am
- benaderet i gramatica died
[Applause]
[Music]
my girlfriend my fiancee she sits thank
you clapping for me remembering that I
was engaged thank you I was she here no
she's not here she would ever come to
this big moment to my comedy career
she's working she's an aesthetician
that's her job you guys know that is I
said I don't some people I didn't know
either I thought it was someone who's
like an expert in Emilio Estevez movies
that's not a no she she like waxes
strangers buttholes again they're
[ __ ] in their buttholes
that's what she does right time if you
go to an aesthetician anyone go to an
aesthetician really yeah yeah cool for
what therefore the for everything cool
they do eyebrow some stuff too I mostly
hear about the models where she comes
home but I'm a good boy for a night
light hair right I'll say this I let her
let her wax my little butthole that does
anything you know how you do a nice
thing for your partner you guys support
their career you sir you married sir you
are what are you what do you do for a
living what do you do for a living well
what do you what's your job professor
sure yeah you ever do you know I think
you're visiting for us are you visiting
from Murray visiting from from Germany
great aid nothing for Germany other I'm
biased I was I what do we think
and I guess no I hear tuta hole and
you're a professor in Germany and your
wife your wife she she works in a
hospital I bet she does she ever help
out at home you know yeah skin your
nation puts a bandaid on for you that's
sort of what I'm talking about except
with a hot wax in my little butthole you
guys do that in Germany so a hot wax in
the rathole and that sounds like that
works for but then they rip it right out
that's gonna get hard there's not a
great day like neither of us really
wanted to do it she didn't want to do it
to me I didn't want her to do it to me
but it just you know just felt like one
of those necessary couple activities you
got to do you know I play Scrabble or
whatever 69 I think so we know what's
enjoying this weird assignment we just
got to do it so we did it I think we
both learned a lot about each other and
then at Billman like she learned that I
had taken very good care of my butthole
for the last thirty years and I learned
what a real orgasm feels like so it's
pretty good I know that and fun some
cool stuff back there turns out I had no
idea you know talking about Germany
knows what I'm talking about
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm still fairly new down lay man I
moved I moved here from South Side of
Chicago any I out of time as well yeah
huh
I'm ready from Baltimore so I'm used to
hood [ __ ] you know it's a it's a major
transition moving from like south side
of Chicago in Baltimore to West
Hollywood like I'm still adjusted you
know I'm used to people getting
carjacked shot at beat up you know now
the most gangster [ __ ] I see in my
neighborhood is somebody stealing
gluten-free products out of whole foods
man with the denim cutoffs
and the hipster glasses got to get the
hell out of Hollywood man my neighbor
this is how you know like in
neighborhoods messed up like they
interview dope fiends on live TV
crackheads but you ever seen a crackhead
in HGTV unedited the type of named Lydia
you watch the news on the southside news
comes on guys we're here live on the
south side and Lonnie he doesn't even
have a last name is just Lonnie says he
saw the whole thing
circ he tell us what happens yeah man
look I mother pulled out a pistol he
said pop-pop I said whoa whoa
pop pop all right thank you back to you
shell what the hell is that can I get a
real report the news purposely I feel
like they purposely found like the worst
brother they can find today never find
somebody who's our ticket later went to
school like they'd find the dock is dude
in the goddamn state he looks like
Forrest Whitaker and Don Cheadle
combined put his ass on live TV HD oh my
goddamn Samsung crack is getting clever
too man like they they asked for exact
change like he doesn't they don't beat
around the bush anymore the actual exact
change and they try to find something
you have in common with him so you're
just giving the money without thinking I
lied to you not last time I was home he
came up to do it dude came up to me he
said ma you got a dollar 36 cents I can
get egg mcmuffin like whoa no don't try
to use the breakfast menu to get some
money out of me man the breakfast menu
is sacred to black folks okay I almost
gave it to him allow you want to egg
McMuffin I got you homie hold on man
wait a minute dog it's three o'clock in
the afternoon may get the [ __ ] out of
here day serving breakfast try get me
with the breakfast menu
so that's it I'm trying to catch up with
the internet and all that [ __ ] my space
in my space that's what the guy told me
he goes my space is over and I'm like
what the [ __ ] is my space how far behind
I am guys like you know my space is the
United spent over four years I go how
did nobody go you didn't know I go no
why the [ __ ] didn't you tell me
everybody knows about it I thought you
just know about I go what I don't
I can barely [ __ ] get to my toaster
to [ __ ] work you know but [ __ ] up I
just eat bread but I never like [ __ ]
all this technological [ __ ] has gone so
far past me you know I'll be taking a
picture you know my kid or something I
later people go ahead man look over to
that guy is it my imagination he's
taking a picture look what he's [ __ ]
using a camera hey buddy you never heard
of a phone okay first I've heard of a
phone I use it to talk to people you
don't email
people tell me [ __ ] I'm so far behind
you go you know you gotta do man you
gotta you've got to get the [ __ ] iPod
with the good resolution on a canna then
when you take your pictures on the on
your phone and then translate them onto
the television you can immediately
download them onto the www and put them
in your iPod and you'll get perfect
resolution and I'm like a hand oh I have
to take a course in this er because I I
wouldn't know what the [ __ ] you're
dogging him that I think I just watched
the TV on the TV I know I'm Way behind
but I thought I'm a fashion that way I
thought the TV was to watch TV but I'm
completely wrong the TVs TVs for nothing
draw it away
thanks to guys Ruben if you can see the
look on their face I don't know what
trauma you two have been through there
must have been a large black man
involved confused and terrified at the
same time this guy won't even look at me
[Laughter]
honestly people I see the light I just
want to get this because this is a thing
that people come to comedy shows now
just mad right looking to be offended
you might not say [ __ ] about [ __ ] people
are offended and I'm like no but the
problem is we've reached a point in our
society people hear a trigger word and
they just get [ __ ] crazy
the most important word most powerful
word in the English language is the word
context put everything in context and
get over it right when you hear
something here this is a comedy stage at
a comedy club it's an a factory anything
you hear on this stage
it's either funny or an attempt at being
funny and it bothers
[Applause]
I'm not trying to get on the soapbox I'm
just saying good people here - trigger
word life [ __ ] oh my god someone said
[ __ ] well how did they say what was the
context right cuz it say it's five
brothers playing ball and they're like
man that [ __ ] crazy nobody got hurt
right that's this talking [ __ ] that's
just how they talk how we playing ball
some [ __ ] listen right now
if there's five middle-aged white men at
the bank looking at a loan application
and they say this [ __ ] crazy
that's a different context right now I
believe we have a beginning to the
lawsuit right
we don't say [ __ ] well how was it sent
right if four or five women going to the
club and like we [ __ ] gettin drunk to
make anybody get hurt right women say
that all the time when they hangin out
women talk [ __ ] like that all the time
right but if you hear one woman see
where that [ __ ] at now there's a
problem you know you don't want to be
that [ __ ]
it's all in the context right I was
talking little people little people
right better they don't want you to say
[ __ ] anymore they're midgets an insult
right there that's a [ __ ] it's like you
know so I was talking a little person I
know I'm right maybe they said he said
you can't say [ __ ] and I said well
that's relatively milk no about 12 years
no you can say [ __ ] you know abusive
hundred years ago I could say later I
was like all right I'm gonna give you
that one cuz I know you might not be
careful be born in jail for whipping a
midgets and let's see when he said that
it got me to thinking now keep in mind
I'm a comedian I'm [ __ ] up my mind is
a [ __ ] up place you don't want to get
in here but the moment he said that I
got me thinking about it I said you know
if you come across a black little person
and you call him a [ __ ] [ __ ] which
is more offensive okay hey you don't say
that like which part
which part of that is politically
incorrect and I know I know that's
[ __ ] up but you're all thinking about
it right now don't get home straight
white man [ __ ] don't say anything
anything you say will get you in trouble
I'm gonna keep doing that joke too I run
into one finally you loosened up that's
what it took but [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] gets
them all at hand right me was that all
[ __ ] upset worried a joke just brings
people together anything we'll figure it
out thanks for that
[Applause]
[Music]
are you guys voting for like what kind
of fucked-up world do we live in where
Donald Trump could actually be our
president isn't that [ __ ] ridiculous
and I come from the shitty generation of
kids werewolf vote for Donald Trump as a
joke he'll win and then I got to spend
my retired years explaining to my
grandkids the importance of voting
because I caused World War 3
like I just not even a candidate I like
Hillary Clinton and nobody wants that
[ __ ] vice-principal look at a woman
running our country Bernie Sanders the
young kids love Bernie Sanders but I
feel like that dude just wakes up every
morning and he's just like just go
school I don't want to sign of all the
good tool men Trump I'm not voting for
Trump because of his hair as hair it's
like a magic trick you know it's fake
but you don't know how you're just like
constantly looking at it like what is
that what is that somebody take picture
oh my god zooming I see a mirror is that
a string what it just looks like a
perfect firewood kindling if you're lost
in a wet forest and needed to start a
fire how is okay although forever I
think of the dopes stance on gun control
at one issue I think that we need to
[ __ ] take care of it's too easy to
get a gun in this country I'm a little
wife here to grow up in a cul-de-sac
with a bullet in a bowl cut for
questionable number of years growing up
and onto tweets in an uber ride away
from getting you an illegal gun and I
should not be the case [ __ ]
we've got strict in the policies what do
you guys do together gonna fill out a
piece of paper wait two weeks and shits
fall into the cracks I think we got to
make it harder if you want to get a gun
in the United States of America you got
to suck one dick just one because who
wouldn't suck a dick to get a gun the
type of person you don't want to have
again and it's not like anybody's going
to make fun of you for doing it because
right afterwards you're gonna have a gun
it doesn't even matter who it is it
could be a friend it can be your
neighbor can be the mailman just take a
picture get it notarized boom there's
your guy who would suck a dick for a gun
women engages and what are you guys
gonna do a woman gonna come back no this
is dangerous locking away a gig I'll get
a gun a big this isn't shiny no yeah I'm
not saying gig it's throw like this I'm
saying I throw like that because I grew
up without a father figure in my life
my dad left my family when I was seven
so he like unfollowed us in real life
but if you have to suck a dick to get a
gun it's still dangerous because you
could end up getting shot in the face
twice but violence would go way down on
you think about it you're walking down
the street some hardcore gangbanger
comes up to you a [ __ ] give me
all your money gun right to your temple
you're scared please please take my
money but I got you got that guy
when my mom was pregnant with me she
read this book called the gentle people
and she told me she was really glad she
read it because I'm a gentle person wish
she would have read a book about lifting
weights and [ __ ] my mom's great
though
she tries to encourage me I don't have a
whole lot of success with the ladies and
she's like Mitchell somebody will like
you you act just like Eeyore and it's
like what am I supposed to say to a
woman like hey I might not be hung like
a horse but I'm sad like a fictional
donkey
[Applause]
my dad believes in Bigfoot but he
doesn't believe in me
[Applause]
which is funny because there are
pictures of me that aren't even blurry
[Laughter]
to be fair though my dad's never had to
drag Bigfoot out of a bounce house after
Bigfoot decided to get trashed on Lima
Rivas and ruined a four year olds
birthday party I I lost 30 pounds last
summer
let's bird that as I was at karaoke one
night you know just doing my thing and
after I finished my song some guy walked
up to me and he was like hey man you're
like the fat Marvin Gaye and I was like
couldn't you have said the white Marvin
Gaye and he was like no you're more fat
than white so I lost the weight it was
hard because I like food like I like
food more than I like sex I think food
is better than sex and I could prove it
to you food is better than sex because
some people add food to spice up their
sex life
no one adds sex to spice up their food
no one's like hey you know what would go
great with these wings think
[Music]
I saw the movie last night a black man
but here it is a shady black man with a
questionable upbringing lives in his
giant mansion another god-awful sequel
but enough about Barack Obama's second
term in office
I didn't want to versus now this
movement represents is about everything
wrong miracle right now because the
producers of the television program told
me it's best I maybe not talk about that
movie so I'm gonna review bunch of
movies that happen over the past two
months the producers also took away my
tents they fought whiskey so now I'm
drinking diet coke mix it with some Sun
comfort I said goddamn good American
cocktail right there
mmm-hmm well my favorite science fiction
movies of the fall starred Sandra
Bullock's it's called the heat woman
cops Yeah right man everyone will have
education knows that women can't be cops
on count their periods you get caught
partners or pairs sync up and they
become [ __ ] superheroes the other movie
she's done is gravity now gravity I call
this movie [ __ ] space all I could think
of the whole time was in that one time
on and had a can of dust repellent and
have myself a panic attack George
Clooney didn't appear to me no but Sam
here did yeah he was wearing a blinking
hat and singing Miley Cyrus pardon the
USA
I'm one of the best nights in my life
two astronauts they stuck in space
trying to get back home
my husband Tom one time my stepson he
told me that he's a Nissan Leaf got
caught in a ditch turns out he just
wouldn't turn the key hard enough to
start the car cuz he you know I didn't
I also saw I saw that movie rush Chris
Hamer's worked he's a racecar driver I
was excited I mean not in like penis way
but you know in the heart way God a man
says even Gary
another movie I saw was this the end
it's about a Hollywood liberal East
battling demons from hell in the
apocalypse this movie should be called
you get
you deserve [ __ ] up then I saw the
movie Fast & Furious 6 ain't made no
jokes by this is a goddamn American hero
movie nine stars at 9:00 in the final
movie I saw who's the Lone Ranger with
the Johnny Depp in caisson he got a bird
on his head he talked crazy we does he
makes him a millionaire movie star but
[ __ ] when I put a bird on my head and I
start talking people say it's time I go
to loo the beam
oh yeah boogie boogie boogie boogie
ballgame our budget boogie make me make
me a movie star there
I might puke a little bit I'm by the
pink a little bit
awkward you guys or certain situations I
don't know how to handle I was at this
guy's house the other day interviewing
to be his dog walker because my
moviestar career is going so well thank
you and he says he says yeah if you ever
do any overnights with the dog help
yourself to anything you want in the
fridge no problem one rule though no
hooking up okay I don't want a bunch of
guys coming in and out of my apartment
and he goes and I get it I'm gay you're
gay
I get it and I'm not gay I just look
like this
I like that laughs because those were
the people who weren't sure either until
I said that
oh he's straight that would be awkward
hahaha that's what you just did to me uh
but he said he said I'm gay you're gay
and I think that's such a weird thing to
say
does he just think whatever is true
about him is just automatically true
about everybody else like I picture him
at work hey Dolores bring on in the
Johnson file we're gonna start the sales
meeting and I get it I have diarrhea
you have diarrhea we're just gonna do
the meeting uh but did you hear the
other thing he said he said I'm gay
you're gay and then he said I don't want
a bunch of guys coming in and out like I
just have a line out the door like a
deli full service uh so like I said I
was awkward I didn't know how to handle
it I got nervous and when he said that
to me my response was this I go that's a
go uh yeah I'm gay and like I went for a
high five
but like he wouldn't high-five me back
so I tried to rebound my turn into a
jump shot so I ended up going like yeah
I am gay man haha the struggle I didn't
get the job I didn't get the job as a
dog walker is the end of that story but
I kissed him on the lips on the way out
just to be polite that's just to be
polite that's just to be nice
my uncle did on a convenience store but
that doesn't have to like [ __ ] define
you and [ __ ] right
like he studied for two years in England
he's a very distinguished guy right it
doesn't matter that he owned a
convenience store right and he never
shuts the [ __ ] up about England either
you know everything is better in England
right the health care is better in
England the women are better in England
even the news is better in England if
you ask him he's always like it's not
entertainment there it's information
right and the facts are the facts and if
you don't like the facts they don't like
you
and I'm like uncle you can get British
news here you know that right it's like
I can never find the BBC and my uncle
you can't find the BBC he's like no I
can never find it
I was like do you like the BBC because I
love the BBC I could never get enough of
it I could just never find it so I told
him to Google how to find the BBC in
Lausanne and that [ __ ] lives in
Compton now it's the practice
[Music]
I always wanted to hear a president
Trump ordering Mexican food I think
that'd be fun right listen I'll take the
fajitas the taquitos the burritos
I'll get around to margaritas and if you
have them if you have them I'll take the
chicas Benitez chicas Benitez grande
CIPA can you take them off whatever you
got
whatever you got what I was doing with
the Trump [ __ ] you guys can do it if you
want here's how I think what's going
through his mind when he's doing all
this [ __ ] when you saw him at the State
of the Union
what'd you do okay anyone can do it do
it on the way home
send me Instagram of you guys doing it
okay he's he's doing in his favor pinch
the nipple pull it to the right pull it
to the left to the right to the left
make your point pitch it let it go cut
the breast cut the breast can't be very
gentle be polite cup it pitch the nipple
give it a little twist twist to the
right to the left cut the breast and
offer it to the Democrats that's it I'm
Jeremy oh thank you so much for having
me
[Music]
what's up man I've been I've been
listening to a lot of trap music reason
you guys [ __ ] trap music that's cool I
love trap music because it is the only
genre of music that is completely based
around selling crack like that is the
whole genre oh trap music and I think
that's cool because that means there is
an entire genre of music that was
created by Ronald Reagan that's pretty
dope no other president has ever
achieved that right like President
Lincoln fleet freed the slaves but he
didn't like create reggae you know I'm
saying like it's not it's not amazing
like it would be cool if he did though
he'd be like I freed all the slaves
because slavery is wrong and then I go
home turn my hat to a bong you know I
love trap music because like it doesn't
matter what you say in trap music as
long as you reference selling crack
you're doing trap music no matter what
you say as long as you reference selling
crack its trap music you could be like
cooking up dope in the kitchen uh-huh in
my spare time I thought chickens that's
trap music that is trap music also at
the end of every line and trap music
they're always like look so you know
they made their point right so like so
like button it I'm like I'm a pretty
regular guy but I wish that I could do
that like in my life like I would be
talking to some girl I could be like yo
girl we haven't seen each other for a
while now and honestly I've never felt a
connection like this before and on you
know what maybe this is this is soon to
be saying but I love you
so it's crazy I love it trap music it's
just like you could never hear that in
like a temptation song you know you can
never hit a temptation as being like ah
guess you would say what could make me
feel this way
muggles talking about oh Jesus Christ
[Music]
I just recently got into a relationship
is there any new relationships starting
here anything new now all old news it's
let me tell it's horrible
so horrible you know I mean don't get me
wrong my girl my girls great she's
beautiful it's written in the stars they
don't one of those kind of thing it's
really great but truth is I forget every
time I get in a relationship I forget
about the changes you have to make once
you enter into the confines of a
relationship
the first change you must make you have
to make it very quickly the first
changing must make is you must head down
to your nearest bank branch and you must
take your savings account and drain it
instantly you must look the teller in
the eye and say tell her all my savings
give it to me now and the teller usually
says well you you buying a new car no
somebody getting kidnapped or something
you some ransom might know oh you're
getting into a relationship is that
what's that yes bingo you know and as
they start counting out your money you
started thinking about all the things
that you were saving up for all those
wonderful that like really awesome South
American trip you and your buddies have
been talking about for a couple of years
gone okay gone all right that really
great leather jacket you've been spying
the one like you know fellas the slick
one you were a tie with it like you'd
really grip behind it gone okay all
those times you've been at the grocery
store and you've been looking at the two
different items and you think to
yourself [ __ ] it
I'll take the Albertson's brand it's
gonna suck but it's a dollar cheaper all
those dollars that you saved gone
because when you skin to a relationship
even within the course of a month you
have to spend all of that money on three
weekends three consecutive separate
weekends okay it's like five restaurants
for movie theaters a couple of seats at
the Laugh Factory a trip to the circus
and you're broke it's in and then the
second change you must usually make is
you must begin to get distance from your
most intimate friendships you have to do
this then this is how it come to come to
the form of this is you sitting around
watching TV and you your phone sits
there your phone starts ringing and it's
Andrew your best friend Andrew Oh Andrew
but you don't answer the phone
you definitely don't why and your girl
in the other room says who's that baby
who's calling you nobody nobody it's not
no it's your best friend this is the guy
you called the second after you lost
your virginity you rolled off of her it
was like dude I did it dude I did it and
you rolled back but you're ignoring his
phone calls because you know he's
calling about the Lakers game you know
you guys you while you watch the Lakers
game normally you're no longer gonna
watch the Lakers game why cuz instead
you're sitting at home cooking dinner
with your girlfriend playing with her
poodle named tofu and you guys are about
to start watching Back to the Future
three okay the worst one the Western the
one that makes no sense
how long I've been out military you're
out 17 Iranian oh he were in said bossy
you you went deep I'm good brother so
have to see when you get out early men
get all skinny and thin legs and love
handles is horrible now I'm hanging in
there I'm 52 I'm not alive to you 52
years old
I don't feel 52 sometimes I don't look
sometimes I know I still on the ball
with my son the other day and he threw
me the ball and in my mind I caught the
ball and in reality the ball hit me in
my mind and I don't feel I here's what
happened first time I knew that could be
getting old i standing myself broke my
foot this is how I broke my foot this is
man i standing in my kitchen I'm
barefoot and my foot just broke it just
it was almost like my foot instantly
realized what a shitty life it made and
then it attempted to kill itself right
in front of me and I looked down at my
right foot look wider than my left foot
and I'm thinking there's gotta be an
explanation right maybe I've never paid
attention
maybe I've lived my life with a big fat
ass wide right foot you know maybe
that's why when I swim I drift into
other people's lanes so I go to doctor
after doctor turns out I have a vitamin
D deficiency which means on an absorb
calcium so my bones are now more likely
to break when it gives you a vigorous
manly activities like standing I'm a
stand-up comedian and this is deadly for
me right now and I asked my doctor I was
like how in the hell did this happen to
me you know what he told me
unfortunately at this point your guess
is good as mine classic if my
guess is as good as yours then excuse me
doctor but apparently I've got patients
to attend to right now
and pathetic
that's the first time I know I was
getting older too I didn't believe it
till then but happy but in their 20s and
the only side we still have yeah yeah
pocket of youth yeah you should be a
little more loud and proud you're a
little too polite way to throw his ass
on the bus to weight hooking heisman
that guy right there
20-something oldest happened last
week yeah look at the decay right there
it's horrible how do you bear standing
next to that thing falling apart thanks
you like that hang in there brother
don't see it's what happens she's cocky
because she is her moment in the Sun and
you should own it you know what because
when you twenties you're not even the
same species as the older people in this
room you're like a superhuman creature
with superpowers like vision and bladder
control you like turn your head without
your whole body rotating in that same
directly if you sleep till noon nobody's
gonna check to see if you're dead so
enjoy so it's like you third you're like
fingertip on the cliff looking down
right there that's
[Music]
2015 that was a big year for me it was a
year that I finally came out to all my
friends and it's really hard telling
people that you care about something
about yourself that you know is going to
push them away I can't hold it in
anymore I had to let them know that I am
a Republican yeah you see the reactions
like I just this being a Republican is a
terrible thing these days in fact the
reason I refer to it as coming out is
that the only thing I can compare it to
right now is like coming out as a gay
man in the 80s everyone pushes you away
and they all ask you the same question
oh my god have you always been a
Republican how old were you when you
knew you were a Republican maybe you
just haven't met enough Democrats yet to
know that you're not a Republican I
don't get it man why don't you like
women
[Music]
[Applause]
I grew up in a large Muslim community -
I remember growing up I was very afraid
- ninjas so the first time I saw a
Muslim woman wearing a burka I was
terrified and I got old I feel sad for
them because being a Muslim woman
wearing a burqa in the summer is sad but
looking like a ninja with no ninja
skills of Saturday Muslim woman wearing
a burka and a ninja have in common is in
order to survive they both need to be
quiet I just write the jokes I didn't
make the world I I recently found out my
girlfriend's mom got robbed in Kenya on
a group on safari I heard that I was
like damn sounds like I got a new joke
you know sometimes God closes the door
to open a window and then the Kenyan man
jumps in that window
who grabs your girlfriend's mommy get a
new joke out of it actually turned out
not to be a Candyman at all actually was
a white man who was also on the Groupon
so far I heard I was so happy I was like
man white people also can't afford to go
on vacation
sometimes stereotypes work out though
you know like I remember one time I was
a teenager I went to Toys R Us with my
mom rest in peace other Toys R Us not my
mom and I went to go I went to get the
Toys R Us mascot Jeffery the giraffe
like a like a handshake like a thinking
he was a white guy didn't get me a DAP
like a black guy and I turned to my mom
I was like mom Jeffrey's black she's
like stop lying boy I was like Jeffy
where you from he was like Harlem
[Applause]
[Music]
you
if you're getting married anybody
getting married letting anybody get to
engaged recently you're getting married
sir Oh congratulations what are you
doing it on Wednesday this Wednesday
you're lying I think you're lying right
now people don't get married on
Wednesdays you get your car washed on
Wednesday I love what people pull that
[ __ ] though right
you ever get invited to a wedding and
it's not on a Saturday it's on a [ __ ]
Friday out of town yeah let me kill
three days of work for your shitty
wedding yeah we got a better deal
because we did it on a Friday well why
don't you just why don't we all chip in
and still do it on a Saturday instead of
me losing an entire workday right a
Friday at 11 a.m.
oh that's one more day I got to travel
have another [ __ ] Saturday and you
know what haven't Guam then I can go
[ __ ] it I can't make it
don't do the boughs either I think
people go over the top at the marriage
vows it's like you know all of a sudden
you've never like like you write [ __ ]
that you spent three months working on
words that you'll say to a person and
you will never speak that way to them
again for the rest of your marriage you
just save it
don't blow it all up front pay you use
one of those lines every seven years
don't get up there like Shakespeare like
a new your breath is the soul in my
wings fire
yeah and America we're going oh shut the
[ __ ] cuz you know in a week they're
gonna be like hey where's the mayonnaise
I don't know where'd you put the [ __ ]
mayonnaise look sweetie you bought them
out you're the wind under my wings but
where's the [ __ ] mayonnaise
everybody who's in a relationship the
couples in here I'm gonna tell you right
now relationships turn men into [ __ ]
follow me listen where are my decisions
I see what y'all thinking the [ __ ] you
talkin about man I be chance don't you
think I know exactly what you thinkin
that's what I mean you gotta agree with
me on this [ __ ] but the man who you were
at the beginning of relationship is a
different matter who you are now in the
beginning a relationship you argue the
way you wanted to argue you said what
you want to say you came home you talk
to your girl second how you wanted to
talk to her cuz this is beginning a
relationship you're in your [ __ ] you
still single on your ass soon as you
walk in she like where was you at and
check this up real talk though
leave me alone don't talk to me about
[ __ ] respect me when I come in his house
you can respect me what the [ __ ] I'm
doing and you been a relationship for
life that's here's you changed all that
[ __ ] you like yo on some real [ __ ]
Lauria voice I don't know who you think
you talking to you put on some real [ __ ]
you gonna respect me yo said I gotta
raise my voice to get my point exactly
how I feel within my word choice don't
give a [ __ ] you to tell me what you want
to say stop cussing I don't know who the
Freak you think you freaking with call
some real stuff I could talk all day
long I got more words in my vocabulary
cussing oh dang got it Gus put your
hands down well listen all I'm trying to
tell you you got me freaked up you know
something I use my hands to tell you
exactly how I feel I'm sad you are here
tripping you don't st. use your words I
feel that's sometimes in a relationship
I can't relate how I really feel because
you want to allow me to talk to you
I'm trying to lose a little bit of
weight so I joined the James it's like a
gym but way more pretentious we have I
wrote that joke while wearing spectacles
I felt smarter when I wrote it that way
I do try to work out but here's how I
work out I do three sets of like no reps
then and then I sit down and I wonder
what happened to my life and how I got
so out of shape and I just start
sweating like it's more of a mental
workout than this physical really so I
don't know but my subconscious is
[ __ ] shredded I'll be honest with you
guys like I don't care what you like
I'll be honest with you Emma's gonna go
ahead and get right to the [ __ ] I
finally saw the ending to Thelma and
Louise Jesus Christ women drivers
I've been hitting me just right off the
cliff that's what you gonna do I get you
could have got out in like 20 years
all right unreal I went into the bank
for a small business loan and all I had
for collateral was the movie collateral
so I so he left there and we went to go
see cocktail instead I've never seen
cocktail good movie
really good movie it's incredible
I'm not a very smart person but what I
don't need is for it is that funny
it is funny you're right alright umm I'm
not a very smart person but I don't need
his ambulances to put their names and in
front of their trucks backwards that I
can't read it in my rearview like I've
never been like hold on let me call you
back this ensemble of guys in a hurry
and I don't know what the [ __ ] I mean
hope nobody calls this gimmick for I
don't spell paramedics backwards I'm
just kind of going on going out on a
limb
cuz I like trees
so I grew up on the East Coast I grew up
outside Washington DC I didn't have a
lot of Asian friends growing up then I
moved out here in California there's a
lot more Asians right it's like a whole
ancient thing going on out here
sometimes they get mad at me for not
being Asian enough like one time I was
at the mall and I was trying to flirt
with this asian girl there and I was
like hey yeah what kind of Asian are you
that's how you do it that's this then
she goes actually I'm Chinese Vietnamese
in Filipino and I was like whoa you got
three parents hell yeah I just still a
silly joke right well she didn't get it
you know she was like what no I have to
dumbass like she was that hot you know I
mean she was like I don't get jokes hot
you know like everything so I was like
nah I was like no I was just making a
joke then this asian dude working there
starts walking over and he's like what's
the problem bro was surprised you
messing with her what's the problem hey
stop bother her bro it was a problem bro
it's like I just started laughing
because it's like look I mean Asian guy
I'm sorry it's like you know this is not
threatening when Asian dudes are angry
just look like you smelled a bad far
look what's up bro are you gonna pull
you bothered her problem cause like what
I was like nah man I just made a joke
she didn't get it I was like be cool man
I was like eh look you're Asian amazed
you won't we just be cool he said you
think your ways you dog you ain't even
Asian man look at you all acting white
 you ain't even Asian dog you are
whitewash I bet you one of those half
breeze dog you just whitewash and
you think your ways you you ain't even
Asian dog you just acting why I was like
uh you sound black
if we're gonna play the stereotype game
a guy was like what the hell is that
he's calling me like whitewash he's
working at the diesel store right I'm
sure your dad is very proud that you're
selling belts in the mall but I'm not
disowning my Asian side I mix I'm half
white I'm half Japanese you know I'm a
little bit of both I want to learn more
about my Asian side so I went to Japan
about a year and a half ago and it was
cool man I've really learned some stuff
about Japan like going as an adult like
I had a different perspective you know I
think I figured out why they're so smart
like you ever wonder why they invent all
that technology and all like the cool
little things because they're good
listeners that's all it is if you
watched conversations no matter what
people are saying they're always very
focused it was a clue like they're
discovering things
Oh makes you feel good you're like I'm
saying some you see that just blew
this old Asian dudes mine but then I
figured out why they do that cuz I
started learning how to speak Japanese
right and the sentence structure the
grammars all scrambled compared to
English so sometimes the verb is at the
end of the sentence so you gotta listen
like the whole thing just to know what
they're saying right it'd be like if I
said to you yesterday I at the store
many hats stole you be like right I
could have said BOTS old try it on you
don't know it's like a little mystery in
Japanese I like how most you guys got
that but some people are just like oh
I envy your hairline that's real it's
really real look at mine
seems like it's coming forward here
always afraid of a receding hairline
what about one that's creeping towards
your eyes every time you look at it it
stops you know anyway worried say no
sorry I thought they were ceiling fans
but then I looked up and I realized it
no words when your hair climbs into your
face that'll never happen that's why
that's why I Andy who she's into it
don't feel bad for being drunk we're 15
hours into the show and you had a scarf
who doesn't like a guy with a scarf come
on that's real you know what happens
when somebody insults you about your
scarf okay this is what you do okay
some guy comes up he goes hey nice scarf
where's the bag at you fat cat some of
you guys that just like this oh you
don't like my scarf well let me take it
off now what [ __ ] look at me - I
can see you dying
you choke them to death and as they're
dying and you look into their eyes you
can see just this all they communicate
as they die they just look at you like I
wish I had also worn a scarf
anybody married in here yeah [ __ ] yeah
how's it going man
oh she's not here let's strike one
how long you been married 15 years
you could you could be married for that
long [ __ ] anybody else
what okay that's my wife my wife is here
who says shut up would you say answer
yeah well now it's a I mean what's worse
the pointing of the screaming spoiler
alert they're they're both the worst how
long you guys been together four years
oh he's going okay no no no I Drive a
piece of [ __ ] it's so obviously not I
got married we just passed the
three-year mark so it's nice to know
that we got one we just passed a
three-year mark we got engaged and
married out here in a city where people
don't really believe in that kind of
thing and they tell you all the time and
I think that's funny because people
believe that they're gonna make it so I
thought that that was cute
like Mike my marriage is not gonna we're
not gonna last but you're gonna be a
movie star
that's uh-huh maybe don't [ __ ] on my
thing I will [ __ ] on your thing and all
my shitty la friends away how'd you do
it dude how'd you pass the milestone I'm
like three years that's where them
that's where we're setting the bar now
my stop cheating on each other man
stop cheating on each other three years
show up real fast that and I believe you
have to laugh together do you believe
that obviously not tonight but other
nights you ever laugh together other
nights yeah that's mine you have to
laugh together or even if it's just one
of you I think that that's important say
one of you walks into a wall or
something like that the other one's got
be there
my wife drives a Fiat she drove that car
for eight years eight years I watched
her hit her head going in the fire
laughs of that chick every day for eight
years and we're still together it's nice
she loves me very much but she hates the
way I look for sure she she goes she's
the last person I saw before I left the
house today she's actually here with me
right now and she goes you're gonna wear
up you're gonna wear that hoodie and I
can always tell how bummed out she is in
my choices that I make by how far off
the y-axis so yeah and you're gonna wear
that like yeah man what's wrong with my
hoodie she's like there's nothing wrong
with the hoodie but then you put it on
and now you look like you smoked
cigarettes off the ground
[Music]
you know in that hurts this morning she
told me I look like I'm peeking out from
behind a bush she's you guys laughs for
a long time one more we have this nice
moment where I woke up next to her you
know that's my favorite when she's still
there yeah fingers crossed that that
happens at least couple more times and
house next door and the Sun was coming
in through yonder window breaks and and
it caught her in the right way and it
arises she woke up and she looked
beautiful so I told her I say good
morning baby you look beautiful today
that was the first words out of my mouth
- my wife's ears good morning baby you
look beautiful - there and then she
looked back at me and I'll see if I
could do for you guys she goes on bra
like that and I said oh okay
what did I do to make that noise happen
it's just that I just startled I just
got one you look like you peeking out
from behind a bush
[Laughter]
[Music]
oh man I was raised Mormon because
everybody's parents makes mistakes yeah
hell yeah bro hell yeah I'm Mormonism
when you raise Mormon for real
you're gonna relate to this speed okay
here's the thing you raised Mormon I
don't know what anybody else here your
plans for the future are but my advice
don't be black and Mormon you guys don't
do it this is so weird
Morgan ISM is made by white dudes for
white dudes okay
it is the lacrosse of religions all
right it was like we always had like his
racial tension and all my Sunday School
classes like I would out have like the
teacher go up and be like when God comes
down out of the beautiful white cloud
wearing his beautiful white robe he will
cleanse the entire world making it safe
for all the beautiful and they'd see me
and be like people so crazy and Mullins
didn't let black people into their
church until 1978 okay 1978 that is 14
years after most public pools you guys
got in so long that doesn't say like
Mormon God was just like yeah I don't
care if they could swim now just don't
let him into heaven you know as terrible
as awful the reason why is cuz Mormons
believe that like when there's like a
war in heaven and Satan got like thrown
out of heaven for his tax proposal or
whatever that they were like some black
people like the Angels on the fence
didn't choose guys are Satan's side he
cursed them with dark skin sent him to
earth that's a belief that's right God
cursed us
with sun protection that's right
so that's why like if you're gonna be
black and religious you have to go to a
black church right the two places where
segregation is okay is barbershops and
churches that's true it's completely
accurate right cuz black churches are so
fun like black churches there's a bunch
of dancing there's music people are
backing that ass up for Jesus you know
but more than churches Mormon Church is
you go in and it's just white people
crying that's the whole thing this is
white people crying and it's just like
you know did you read the part where he
came back alive why are you crying what
are you doing
terrible and also you can't cry if
dancing is an option you know if people
are dancing at church you can't be
allowed to cry like you it's not
something that's transferrable suck like
that ruins so many little John lyrics if
he was just like everybody in the club
getting sad no doesn't work all that
stuff though that doesn't really like
affect me anymore all that more than
stuff doesn't affect me anymore it's in
my past what bothers me to this day is
if you see a picture of God in history a
painting of God God is always depicted
as a white man here you realize that
why is God always a white man when in
reality God is probably not real that is
correct
yes the heads up it's kind of ugly on a
good night
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh
I definitely want a date but I just
don't have how do you say this the
finances to date in Los Angeles I'm I
got my own ways of saving money out here
in the streets all right listen I'm on
following girls on Instagram if they
look too expensive okay that's just some
girl just like checked into the Whole
Foods on Instagram daddy doesn't have
Whole Foods money okay listen if you're
taking selfies with the Costco sample ad
that's in my wheelhouse I can afford
that
I'm following some chicks you just post
a photo of her and her friends popping
bottles in the nightclub you know
wealthy you gotta be to pop bottles in
the nightclub all right listen up West
Hollywood
the closest thing I've ever been to
being wealthy is one time I saw a horse
in person and that was it folks
[Music]
I have a tough time a wimp too because
uh because I'm a drunk I know I feel
like the only way I'm confident to talk
girls is to get drunk which is pathetic
right like on the confidence scale on
the scale from one to overweight black
girl I'm like um
that's funny [ __ ] you I'm like at
negative three and they get Irish drunk
who's a very particular brand of drunk
none of you guys know that [ __ ] your
body your brain have a complete trial
separation that like your brain you
think you're Steven Seagal but your body
are like Stephen Hawking let's get some
[ __ ] tonight and I want a black hole
your brain you think you're Superman but
your body your Christopher Reeve
I did Theatre in New York with pristine
he had a sense of humor guys again it
was the only sense he had left so I so
stupid taken drunker the barns like
hanging out who have spina bifida but
Irish drunk so I think I'm hard I think
I magically delicious
no women want to [ __ ] do different
business I would never get laid man I
wish that answer for my brain in those
moments I'd be awesome OnStar ready I'm
[ __ ] up OnStar
I can help you with that I wanna get
some [ __ ] locating [ __ ] in your
area to put them in to put too much of a
dividend there's a [ __ ] at the bar one
o'clock now stand up straight
good raise your eyebrows you look at
learn walk over there say something
charming I see you're Irish drunk
forgotten how to walk
that's your legs have to talk to each
other they're like two [ __ ] kids on
a seesaw your turn my turn my turn my
turn
yeah oh my god Eric turn put your hand
on your hip bill lower lower
nailed it stick out your leg look casual
say something charming I want to [ __ ]
you sup out
I see you're talking to a guy would you
like to try again with a girl oh excuse
me officer
I've MC tons of weddings I literally MC
like 350 weddings of MC dd-did weddings
it's a beautiful day but I've seen it
all
I seen the drunk best man speech you
know this guy's like hey we thought
you're a gay but I guess not Cheers
and then I've seen like a maid of honor
like cry lien she always cries never
gonna be perfect one time it was a
Korean wedding this girl pause for 30
seconds she pause she was like and then
this grumpy Korean married man he just
yells out come on we're hungry and then
everybody was looking at me why'd I like
cuz I was the one that said it I was the
country queen a married man looks like
it's moving along 30 seconds every bride
thinks she's cute you know she does the
fake book okay done on the outside on
professional the inside I'm like just
I've seen every rude thing I've seen a
fight break out at a wedding is like a
ex Asian gangster wedding and a fight
broke out as a glasses shatter I feel so
bad the bride was crunchy she was crying
and then the groom just yells out at my
wedding dog at my wedding dog to
everybody at my wedding dog which means
these guys fight all the time like his
friends fight they don't care they'll
fight anywhere this poor guy a few years
from now at my daughter's birthday daug
on Jesus's birthday dawn this guy's
gonna be at his own funeral in his
casket by it's gonna break guy's gonna
pop out a funeral dog
haven't digs down I've seen I've seen
girls always were white to the friend's
wedding
girls don't please don't do that door
while I kever fifth wedding is always
like a girl she's wearing white and then
her friend amigos a Gina are you wearing
white to Suzie's wedding it this is
off-white fighting on to FIDM looking
other colors get off get off my dress
there's always that old lady she thought
she used to be super hot but you know
she's trying to hang on to it she's
always wearing like a long red dress
she's like the soundtrack in her head
like lady and red can't grow her boobs
like they're so wrinkled they look like
your fingers when in the bathtub for too
long you know their life they lived by
too sharp a puppies hanging on for life
but you still look just alone
you got a look
I was the only Asian my elementary
school gonna I got my foot up every day
to eat rice every day are you gonna
teach a pet dog oh ha ha ha ha can I
plan for you a dental floss ah ha ha ah
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
that's my only comeback ha ha ha ha two
Asian parents named their kids by
throwing spoons against the wall
ting-tong ting-tong ha ha ha ha
some of you guys said it hmm but I'm not
mad my man all kids make fun of each
other all right it'll be the same thing
we're all the same if it was Korea and
there was a thousand elementary school
kids and there was one new white kid to
be a group of kids going ha ha ha ha ha
he's around I come here come here come
here
dude bread every day ha ha ha ha
eat bread every day with a jelly jam
what why come here can I blindfold you
with a blindfold oh ha ha line fold
point being we're all the same right
stop hating each other fighting each
other so you guys laugh but the thing is
the cruel thing is it wouldn't I'm using
broken English because we're so
ethnocentric it the the reality is you
guys are you guys don't have to laugh at
this the true scene would be like this
Chism butter sandwiches ha ha ha no ha
ha ha elongated ah yeah yeah no no pum
pum pum pum paara ha ha ha
ah yeah not so funny huh not so funny
not so funny of you or that kid right
because you're like how long is this bit
gonna go so bored
it's hardly when you're the only Asian
kid all right
you know you because kids in America
trade food it's a beautiful thing except
when you're the only one kids can you
have a Capri Sun I have a Fig Newton you
wanna trade let's trade yeah let's trade
it's hard to chew food you're the only
one kimchi spam squid octopus and
seaweed and there's tentacles sticking
out of your lunch your friends are
picking up snails off the ground would
you eat this I'll trade you this check
your snail for octopus shut up I like
snail okay crunchy fear of fact there's
nothing for us farm man ma you got
beautiful girl really see back in the
day we were always put the bottom asian
men people you don't recognize I like
Peter this is before America's Best
Dance Crew I don't know why we dominated
that show you guys know MTV's America's
Best Dance Crew we said he danced like
his homework or something I don't know
what we calculated the algorithm and we
friggin every season we dominated that
show what's up Jabbawockeez yeah you
know what's up yeah dude this is why I
this is one I knew this is what I knew
things started change cuz I was an
airport in the Midwest and this cute
little white kid you know it came up to
me cuz I said my head shake he was like
aren't you with Jabberwocky oh my I'm
gonna light a little kid so I looked him
straight in the eyes I took off my mask
I said yes I am
repeat after me all Asian men all Asian
men have large penises go go go go go
spread it go - go spread it but that's
the thing like we were always back in
the day we were put at the bottom back
in the day for you know off non Asian
women it was always like white black
Latino vibrator Asian guy right here
that's what we were all right for non
Asian woman's like white black Latino
vibrator other woman solitaire
minesweeper cooking cleaning changing a
flat tire
celibacy Asian guy right there it's not
about size is about surprise hahahaha
you start small and bam we do math quick
all right
I'm used to being the only a black
person in certain situations I'm from a
Latin community in Southern California
called Southern California yeah in this
particular city were the only chips in
the cookie right and I feel wherever you
live you should learn the language where
you live right and when you learn a new
language you should learn yeah exactly
you should we live in a ternary you
should learn the language now when guys
learn a new language vagina is usually
the first word they learn in that
language for instance in Spanish first
word is panocha second word is donde
[Applause]
third word is gratis fourth word is no
mames way if you're black fifth word is
mayate okay see they got that I gotta
tell them they're white they don't know
they're white they're dude what's in the
other dude my dad had one in high school
oh my god there is what Mexican people
call black people but in Mexico on my
yacht there is a little bug about this
big sometimes it's green and a lot of
people are born in Mexico and can't
afford toys for their children is it
true [ __ ] ask them okay so with the dad
in the family on Christmas Eve he has to
go and hunt them I out there right so so
like all my out days they hang out by
light posts so
and the dad has to sneak up from behind
to go take my throne he grabs it and he
takes a string and he ties it around the
ass or the the thorax of the mayate
right and then he takes the other in
this string tied into the kids finger so
Christmas day the kid wakes up and then
I got days on the string the kids all
Papa right it's all happy it's got a new
toy you know the batteries needed let's
see I'm a STONER
so the first time I heard the word my
got there I thought it was food Siri I
was Carl's like my happy existence
sounds delicious right so me and my
friends are grew up in LA so me and my
friends we go to this restaurant we go
it's called King taco I'm sure you've
heard of it it's great with so I'm
higher than gas prices standing in line
right and I'm still thinking my office
right now finally get to the counter and
guzol can I help you I go yeah he served
my office he looked at me goes yeah we
served my office
[Applause]
I was like cool give me two comcast
ahora
you know what that [ __ ] did he
sprinkled cheese on me and then he said
where's the other one
women are amazing this is why I think
women are gonna make great presidents
because a woman right we're gonna make
great presidents because a woman can
handle a surprise you ladies can handle
a surprise how many of you girls have
taken the guys pants up Felix dude
you're six feet tall expecting better
all right all right the new women are
always nice about it all right you've
never heard of a woman pulling on a
guy's pants gonna let's pull these right
back up we tried a good sport good sport
you try rebel cookie on the way out
maybe next time my female friends I'd
say what do you do what are you doing
it's a disaster down there when it's a
crime scene and they told you more
stories guys it's not just about like
length and girth with my female friends
have like oh this one guy's dick was
shaped like the letter ass it was
terrible how that's like what do you do
what you do it's crazy like that pretty
much every woman I know is giving me the
same answer they say wow i exac to them
anyway I'm like you know what that's the
kind of leadership we could use
you
oh man being a single dad is a hard job
to do but an easy job to get no
experience needed
there's no self-help books for single
dads there's no book called how to raise
a perfect child from 12 to 9:00 on
Saturdays
or hey pull out next time sometimes my
son shows up too early to our mom's
house around noon my mom lets him in my
room no respect he's right on my ear
trying to wake me up
hoarse area hacer it's time together
meanwhile I'm having this crazy dream
there's some hot chick jumping on top of
me she's saying I was area last area
it's time to get up
you
and a quick tip to the wheat heads don't
smoke weed at a vegans house they never
have anything good to eat after you
smoke the weed whatever that [ __ ] [ __ ]
me Ellie I was at this dude's house he's
a vegan it's 2:00 in the morning we
smoke I'm hungry I'm not a man you got
any hot dogs or some ham in the
refrigerator he got all mad he's like
come on man I'm [ __ ] vegan dude I lay
on my back he's like we could whip
something up right so he started putting
on his weird [ __ ] out he was like I got
some kale I got some quinoa I got some
tofu you guys ever watched that show
chopped on Food Network I felt like I
was in an episode of chopped like we
opened the basket full of [ __ ] yo
man we got to make something delicious
out of this we're gonna get chopped that
was under a lot of pressure man I got so
hungry I just made a taco out of quinoa
do you need to cook up this vegan
tortillas are tightly look I'm not
trying to [ __ ] our vegans man I just
don't like the vegans I think they're
better than people man like my sisters
are vegan I come from 100% Mexican
family right
my sister is the only vegan in the whole
family she thinks she's better than
everybody man the thing is that she was
in a gang in the eighties
she got gang signs on her fingers man
I'm eating a [ __ ] thumb on right and
she's like keep eating that bullshit's
gonna [ __ ] kill you one day all right
no hanging out with you is gonna get me
killed
you you stop with all the gang signs and
[ __ ] have some respect from us tamales
really talking [ __ ] man like I mean
fried chicken and she pulls an animal
thing out you know she's like you know
what they did to that poor little
chicken I don't open a horrible
neighborhood on the south side I'm like
they killed people wrong every damn
[ __ ] chicken they torture T I'm gonna
talk to Popeyes I didn't do [ __ ] guilty
because I had a chicken dying coupon my
food like who should I be you shop at
Whole Foods and a regular anybody my
sister I see my sister's receipts that's
it is expensive man like remember I
picked the road from work once I've
never been home food so I picked her up
and we're on the way home she stopped at
home for was I gotta get some [ __ ] so I
park and I put the seat back like I'm
gonna chill she's like you're not gonna
get off on my hand I only got all the
money I heard about that please I've
seen your [ __ ] receipts laying around
the house hell no right so she's like
well I'm gonna be a while I'm like do
you think i'ma chill in the car she took
forever so about 45 minutes ago family
you know what [ __ ] let me go inside see
what's up and I'm not gonna lie I
finished a little half a blood that was
an ashtray before I win it cuz I'm a
treating like a field trip you've been
on a field trip in high school played
you walk into a museum hang on by [ __ ]
look this year so I walk in the hole
who's off like the right the door is
open that's an amazing [ __ ] story man
I've never seen so many happy as why do
you like people are [ __ ] half right
before like y'all were shopping like I
was like this is so dope
like this dude had a
put in a basket this is my [ __ ]
scheme by me like this hello Holly bangs
room pushing that cart around aw man
like man I gotta put this flavorless
ragu sauce on the pasta [ __ ] cereal
agai no marshmallows man mad fighting
for a box like this my empty box
[ __ ] buy a bag you cheap
bastard this [ __ ] like that's why I
can't wait to make it where I could do
Peapod you guys know what Peapod is you
could they deliver your groceries to
your house see I can't you know they
don't come to my neighborhood man that's
why I can't wait to move out of the
south side but all these does deliveries
[ __ ] now did you know that Aldi does the
online delivery you go online and don't
deliver it to you thing is you got to
put a quarter in the [ __ ] delivery
truck for it to come around and then
they run off with your quarter didn't
give it back they robbed you to let me
come up with the quarter bag all day
grocery shopping I hate grocery shopping
that's the thing man like I'm not used
to buying organic fruit like I'm really
when I walked in I had to buy something
right cuz I'm like I'm just walking
around talking [ __ ] see because my
sister was buying all this weird stuff
she's like she loves seeds vegans eat a
lot of seeds and beans now you go to her
house she got bags of [ __ ] seeds
everywhere right and I finally saw her
buy this stuff she got a bag she's
filling it up with seeds and I'm like oh
[ __ ] you got parakeets at home I didn't
know that was your tongue I'm just
talking [ __ ] right she gets mad at me
said get the [ __ ] away from me right
I might poop my back look over here by
the fruit section right I like apples
how much can some organic apples cause
that [ __ ] was a little pricey rattling
cuz I had to buy him six apples for like
13 bucks man and I'm looking at these
apples look the [ __ ] do they do for $13
right
like the dude that works there was
walking by him like oh man what's up
with these apples I'm like if I eat one
how long am I gonna trip for 8 hours 9
hours I'm going at Lollapalooza next
week Duane happily [ __ ] ever you know
just being a smartass right so he broke
it ice like okay
those are organic apples locally grown I
was like that's when I got confused I'm
like we are on the west side of Chicago
right now and the [ __ ] farmers I got
around here right cabrini-green your
sustain right here in the farms they got
around here so I bought the apples right
took them home put them on a table this
is when I realized organic fruit looks
way different than the regular [ __ ] I
buy at the supermarket oh right at the
Mexican store I don't look [ __ ] like it
right got this dirty look like a rustic
look like they just picked it off a tree
two seconds ago see I don't like that I
like that shiny that's the side coating
on my Apple
now you can see your reflection I hello
yeah that's what I'm talking about
but there's a dude in the back putting a
lacquer on that [ __ ] put your
coats man just to be safe that Seminole
is out here [ __ ] no you take them home
put them on the table keeps the
cockroaches off the table I like that
[ __ ] too
here's the thing the next day my father
comes over and my father doesn't speak
any English he comes my Swami call I'm
like what's up pop he sits down he wants
me to make him a coffee so I'm making my
dad a coffee and I turn around I realize
he's eating one of my organic apples
I gotta love my dad but he should have
asked me for when it was right though
now those are expensive man need the
cheap one man what the [ __ ] I'm saving
that for not a loser you [ __ ] email
magic happens so I went off on him in
Spanish I'm like what the [ __ ] you doing
my months in Iraq and he's like oh I'm
sorry I don't was yours but it's
delicious I'm like holy [ __ ] you didn't
speak English earlier that's why the
masses were so expensive I'm gonna have
to talk to Ethan he's like holy [ __ ] it
sure did
new job management promoting
[Music]
I'm 25% white guys so occasionally at 25
stands out the stuff I'm into like you
know I blame it on that 25 right there
that's that 25 like I wanna I wanna
bungee jumping skydiving to take it to
the next level and I'm saying like I
want the pilot of the plane that jump
out first then I want the instructor to
jump out I want to jump out last with no
chute catch the instructor on the
freefall pull his cord then we come down
together that's that 25 right there
that's got 25 right there if I hit a
strange noise in the basement and/or
garage I'll go check it out by myself
that's that 25 right there that's that
25 right there I'm saying people trust
me with this stuff man
that's that 25 right there it's there 25
right there I like to go on nature walks
and or hikes and instead of instead of
running from the grizzly bear boom I
like to stand there and marvel at it
maybe bring the kids in closer so we can
touch it and study it as a family as a
unit then we get mauled as a family
that's that 25 right there it's there 25
right there I like to go to the movie
theater and shut the [ __ ] up that's that
that's that 25 right there I didn't pay
all this money to hear Jamal and him in
the back with the comic hey man shut the
[ __ ] up Jamal [ __ ] y'all see me watching
Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 1
I see me
got me feel good hanging out Saturday
night
yeah man yo my name really is Osama no
relation to the guy my mom was terrified
after 9/11 terrified she said Osama you
don't change your name to something a
little less Muslim and I swear to God
she said how about Hussein sub zero
problems mom thanks for nothing [ __ ]
Hussein I was thinking more Gregory
Ryan what's your name bro
max nice and white I think so why my
wallet got fatter while talking to you
know as I thought I need a white her
name so bullies won't hold my ass in
school swear to god she was like how
about Waldo Waldo mom I'd rather you
name me Isis named grenade Wald Walden
belief whooped my ass just leave school
early and be like Where's Waldo [ __ ]
joke 95 it's a fun road you guys all
look like different bursts are the same
person
that's
look here do we see by five jab chatter
chatter so you're playing The Sims and
I'm just like toggling to the right it
has a nice left to right it's getting
more unemployed I like that it starts on
for the flower hands off in a second
stained sweatshirt that's good that's a
good vibe is good by this guy
I still getting the ship for the name
still to this day I was at JFK Airport
couple weeks ago I was in line right and
a friend I had seen in like years sees
he come across the airport and he
screams my name straight up just like oh
my god it's oh so oh it's the worst
thing you can scream in an airport right
then he makes it worse he's like oh my
god I thought you were dead dude I
haven't seen you since September yeah
where have you been hiding
so I'll flick it out right every TSA
officer is looking at me with that face
that's that's Guantanamo Bay right so
I'm freaking out a lot let me do a few
situation let me show my friend I
recognized him so I gave my friend one
of these but brought this looks less
like it I know you and more like the
plan is a go right I was like
commence operation I get to the gate I
get through I get to the gate but not
wait to my flight
right so I'm running in the airport
right but I'm running with a massive
jacket and a huge backpack
you guys don't realize how bad a brown
dude looks running in and out porn or
the huge backpack I looked like a
suicide bomber who overslept he loves a
sec its first day on the job
[ __ ] but also last day on the job
[ __ ] as well suicide
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we I went to Ireland Ireland that was a
cool trip yeah I like it it's a
beautiful country it's like all just
rolling green hills and stuff but a few
weird thing for one thing Ireland has
the whitest people I've ever seen in my
land I don't mean that racially I mean
physically like there's no Sun it's
always cloudy so there really pale
almost like translucent you know and I'm
in the airport and I'm looking at these
people like okay this is weird and a guy
looked at me he was like good luck and
that might be the scariest thing I ever
heard I and the other thing about Irish
people Irish people drink you know yeah
they did like I've never seen a whole
country drunk it was with like now I
understand leprechauns because if the
whole country is drinking and you're
like that little guy's magical they're
like okay get him a hat he can be magic
see you're looking at me like you don't
like you're like what's he talking you
don't understand how funny it is how to
Irish people match the stereotype of
drinking like I'm gonna try to put this
in terms you can understand like like
Irish people's like for black people to
match the Irish stereotype of drinking
all black people would have to be
carrying a watermelon all the time like
like every black person would be walking
around with a watermelon just saying
like where's the chicken at that's the
level that's how much they drink in
Ireland
[Music]
I met a lot of Persians out there in the
Middle East you don't believe LA to meet
Persians o we have any persons here
tonight let's talk about them okay
yeah no we'd have to celebrate it okay
sorry I was wooden Republicans over here
evidently okay Ronny the comedian and I
love the fact that he calls himself
Iranian I like that he owns it you don't
I mean he calls himself irani and not
person because he's looked at a map
after 1935 you know what I mean like
there's no Persia anymore let it go so
you don't meet some guy from Iraq was
like hey I'm Mesopotamia it made some
Mexican guys we have any Mexicans in the
house all right we probably built the
house so welcome it's good to have you
here a lot of friends were Mexican - III
think that were the immigration wasn't
really an issue right and then Trump
made it an issue again and it wasn't and
I could I feel bad because people are
like oh you know all these Mexicans are
coming over here to America and I just
feel like Americans we can be dicks
about immigration because we want a
state called New Mexico on the border of
course Mexicans want to come here it's
in the name you pulled it newer that's
in a state if they're a new India and
Pakistan my parents would've gone to
check it out you know what I mean
this sounds like a good deal same price
new okay now you gotta do the voice that
leaves one time no I didn't make trumpet
sort of when we made a video before he
was a year ago called how to not get
deported where we teach Mexicans to pass
as Indian people honestly I like the
same color you can pull it up right
let's go to Taco Bell unwrap and eat it
with your hands like it's possible you
could do it I don't know if anyone here
is a trump supporter probably just keep
that to yourself if you are no Trump
heckle so I'm gonna rain down on you and
the fire and a fury believe me believe
me I missed Obama man I miss about the
bomb a lot after eight years right what
was his big phrase he would say let me
be clear let me be clear let me be clear
and after you
eight years I finally figured out what
he meant in racial America he was just
tired of being the color because I don't
want to be black I don't want to be a
wife it's like dear God and let me be
clear
[Music]
even while enriching I love you know
that's just so a true like the two
affinity of a rock star you know I'm
saying like you want to give Kanye a
hard time for being like egomaniacal but
everybody comes from something else you
know Kanye's just taking a page on the
lands book I mean Connie the word there
has been times you know when he was like
you know Jesus I was like dude take a
couple days off you know I'm saying
right take a shower take a nap take
another look okay the Lionel Richie was
like dude that era
dude there's nobody good Jerry grow that
mustache you just have that 80 swagger
witnesses
dude the music video for hello it's such
a great song like Johnny's doing in a
bit
hello you know we sing gonna do a blind
one what the dude that is
narcissism at its finest up man
sees that on what's going on whatever a
tease it removes like you you go
get that bad
cheese monah the going on it's
guys got the balls
he thinks he's that cool to be chased
her around the mall like yo dude
probably not you know I'm saying like
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say she's
not looking for love she's paid for soup
with a napkin do you think
looking for a door handle get some
stability
you
it is annoying or when everyone's like
I'm Irish I'm like you're nice first of
all you've no [ __ ] shame you need
shame to be Irish and Americans have
none and American dudes you can't be
Irish because you've no foreskin I'm
sorry this is an uncomfortable topic a
lot of guys asses just clenched her like
what's a foreskin it's [ __ ] insane I
was like why are all the white dudes in
America so [ __ ] angry and I was like
are they're missing something from their
lives a foreskin I'd be furious to buy
it only 80% of my penis cuz you're
missing your dick this joke doesn't work
well cuz guys are like nah man I'm a
real man
alright but you don't have a full dick
it's weird I know a lot of you're like
what's your turbos that's why you hate
your parents I'd [ __ ] hate my parents
dude they cut off my dick and a lot of
you like arts religious reasons [ __ ]
that if Scientology cut off dicks to be
riots in the streets its heretics like
it it's hard to explain why of foreskins
better - all I can think of a magic if
you were trolling the ball alright this
is a [ __ ] analogy but where would you
prefer to throw it like this or like
this
this elbows are like foreskin is what
I'm trying to say it's better to have
elbows like if you were punching someone
would you prefer to function like this
are to be like this again elbows it's
not a good analogy imagine someone gave
you a present and it wasn't wrapped and
you're like oh cool thanks
or someone gave you a wrap present you
like all right what's in there and you
pulled the back and you're like oh
that's [ __ ] beautiful I love it well
I'm saying it's foreskins about it I'm a
parent Lee it's better at sex too
I don't know I'm kind of getting a bit
pissed off my foreskin taking all my
credits I put into work I put the
pillows underneath her back to give you
know the extra innovation she's like oh
that was such good sex your foreskins
unreal I'm like that was really [ __ ]
I'm thinking of cutting it off
purely out of spite
[Music]
I'm kind of at the point now where I
never feel that great ever yeah we
people are like how how are you doing
I'm good and in my head I'm like except
for that weird rash on my elbow then I
go on WebMD what's with that weird rash
on my elbow it's like well you've got
poison ivy or cancer hate that web site
anything you put in I've got sniffles
what is that common cold or sinus cancer
now try and go to sleep and think about
that for a while I'm drinking a lot more
lately not like happy hour drinking like
whoo drinking more like sitting by
myself in my kitchen over the kitchen
sink under a fluorescent light to
staring out the window just make it
better getting drunk is fun having your
girlfriend get more drunk than you and
having to get her in the car at the end
of the night not that much fun it's like
trying to get a toddler in the car after
a day at the carnival isn't it
where are your shoes what happened to
your shoe
no stop crying and get in the car now I
don't hate you just get in the car did
you wet your pants
thanks for coming out guys feeling good
guess watch the Oscars people booing
I wasn't invited yeah I was bummed to
not see Tom Hanks there you know he's uh
that's my guy
I think arguably the greatest actor of
all time you know I'm saying if they do
a movie about Meryl Streep's life Tom
Hanks will play Meryl Streep I'm
convinced of his skill set being back
come on man you just forced gone that's
movie just I cry every time when I see
it it's on TBS I always know to lock
down with with a nice you know handful
of tissues and just get ready because
you know there's a lot of moments where
the tears are coming mainly when you
know what I'm talking about when he
finds out the kid is his you know I'm
paraphrasing but you know it's got my
brother dialogue being exchanged it was
an emotional moment but you know this is
too much I'm stupid and then of course
the end that probably the moment he won
the Oscar you know it where he really
just loved it
yeah you know just yeah I'm so invested
and stoned at this point you know
watching this is he good at math does he
gonna play the drums with hot dog buns
like looking what Bosh is he getting on
at 6:30 I need to know this before I go
to bed investing go
[Music]
I figured it out the guy I figure I
figured it out I'm a single dad I'm a
single father I figured it out though I
know I get I get it
you gotta do is you gotta get yourself a
step that for your kids for me you got
my kids they got a step that all they
love the step that for me oh they love
they expect me they're played games with
me they're not trying to [ __ ] with me
like they try me
they trying to like make me like compete
with this guy I'm not gonna cook I'm
gonna win you know say that's just
expensive
[ __ ] that [ __ ] boom he buys some things
expect me to get mad I like no fool
telling my tummy any pants for like 30
to 32 slim that's that day every Sunday
he gives some $20 yesterday you know 20
bucks each
20 bucks because the money that I gave
him they're walking around with a $22 in
her pocket their barley in Hitchin man
he's a cool guy
thought we'd hang out you know he tax we
talk it's all good
what's wrong we took the kiss at a park
yesterday together for we look like a
gay couple out there [ __ ] [ __ ] he's
paying honey go [ __ ] his bank
you know I didn't put a packet it let's
pop back at the car the kids are the
kids now we want to pass my time we're
getting pretty hungry to dice 2017 gonna
step that he wants to be much to show up
our kid
then we shall optic he bought him a
little mini iPad each of my kids you got
on a little a mini iPad each one I'm
still saving up for my Andy what I don't
know what I don't know is that you can
text on you can text with your iPad's
like using Wi-Fi random numbers like
from the iCloud stick but the iCloud of
numbers come and you get you get tax
people my kid [ __ ] eight years old
they're texting with her iPads for I
didn't know I didn't know you can do
that for I was getting text in the
middle of night for numbers I didn't
recognize just about Sun I said hey
daddy
what are you doing
[Applause]
yeah I can excite it done this [ __ ] was
so fun it's noon I reply nothing baby
send me a picture and he sent up picture
him and stepdad [ __ ] that guy having a
blast
hashtag mother stepson time first for to
be a Doug a bad boy you gotta get
tattoos though I don't have time to so I
can't get they they hurt they hurt and
my mom won't let him Doug it's hard
you're not saying but now that I'm older
I can make some decisions for myself so
I'm like I know what I got kids you know
I'll get my kid somewhere on my body
you're not gonna honor my kids I'm
afraid that I'm gonna get a big thick
because once you get that first half to
you right you gotta get more right and
more so they don't I'm gonna like put
like my parents you know my arms then
I'm gonna get angry addicted up
everything know what my neighbors are
cool put my chest like Amelia Ramirez
you know like
thanks for taking up the trash on Monday
I can't do it I can't do another time
around it's in Parkville [ __ ] the
Mexican [ __ ] you see those guys like
this all day right there that's it
that's our flag right there showing us
all day is far as the y'all day time it
kind of hurts that you and I never get
cards really a todos neck now she's not
comfortable huh for both parties I got
caught today we may no spellcheck though
gonna say WrestleMania 13 minutes at I
don't be black
[Music]
we live in the greatest country in the
world we do we live in the greatest
country in the world with free speech
you guys saw Straight Outta Compton I
saw last night that's right that's right
freaky of me I grew up in Burbank when I
was the only Asian kid all white kids in
sixth grade Thomas Jefferson all the
white kids are like you want this for
one night I was like what is that NWA
there's a true story I was like what is
that you better bring it back tomorrow
I'm a preacher's kid I grew up like I
wasn't you weren't even allowed to curse
we never had a drink or smoke in our
family my daddy's they hit us like we
recurse you guys smack right so I you
know I was the kid that was like shut
the front door you [ __ ] piece
of [ __ ] kabab you know otherwise it okay
in elementary school I'd be like this
like whoa I was like no no it's not
because me right okay so I was only
allowed to listen to like Christian
music like the rap that I listen to is
just like you know praise the Lord for
goodness like we're all gonna take a
Bible break it's like Genesis Exodus
Leviticus numbers Deuteronomy Joshua
judges refers XL % Kings very st.
chronicles Ezra Nehemiah Esther job
Psalms proverbs Ecclesiastes I lament
ation ezekiel and then we got Daniel
Hosea Joel Amos Obadiah Jonah Micah
Nahum Habakkuk Zephaniah Haggai
Zechariah Malachi New Testament you're
Matthew Mark Luke John acts Romans for
synchronous glaciers vision flip across
you for st. Timothy Titus Philemon
Hebrew Jefferson paper Seder John
Jude in Revelation oh shoot
praise the Lord for goodness sake for
all gonna take a pliable break and then
even Christian a wrap evolve you see
like later there was like gangsta
Christian rap you know these guys were
like and all the demons get struck on my
lyrics go walk walk walk like they were
all like doing drive-bys on demons I
don't know I'm serious I used to work at
a Christian bookstore and so I saw that
movie last night and man that it's just
another testament to how great this
country is because you could you could
fight back through speech that's what
makes this country beautiful and
powerful there are countries where you
can't do stand-up comedy if you
criticize the government they will kill
you on the spot I've done
kind of comedy some countries they tell
you give you a list of things you can't
talk about like drugs sex family
government you're doing knock-knock
jokes all night long by guys like you
can't even talk about that this is this
is like powerful one of the last
bastions of free speech stand-up comedy
that's why it is a dream my dad said you
know in America go for your dream and he
came to this country in the 60s with my
mom with less than $500 raise five of us
and yeah he passed away he was a
preacher I always thought I would hear
more inspirational things all I hear is
what are you doing you touch yourself
again I see everything from heaven you
touch yourself again two times what day
why why so this is any you are many just
one time is okay do they see everything
they must see everything
this whole this whole booty movement is
getting out of control man this booty is
so in yes he's drinking his drink right
now anybody any guy reaches for the
drink right now you've been looking at
booty on Instagram for sure oh yeah I
see rather I see you booty is so in you
know Obama President Obama has 4.3
million followers on Instagram the
number one booty model she just takes
picture over ass in yoga pants every day
she has 7 million followers all right
her name is Jen Selter guys remember
that because you're gonna have to if
you're sitting next area girl you're
like a Jen Selter trance all digital do
you ever get caught you react up I go
how embarrassing is that
like once I was looking I know it's
randomly you next thing I know I'm
looking at some other girls or whatever
and all this in here who's that huh I
don't even know this girl do you know
how embarrassing scene on Asian homes
you guys have your shoes on you could
hear your girl come on boy Asian hope
you take your shoes off she's like I'm
in touch who's that ah I don't know I
don't even know who she is booty man
booty is so hey booty ever it's just
crazy
everybody's so into booty everybody
there's always that guy in the group
like you're walking you know be on a
girl then you see a girl denies but it's
always like I gotta go
here was a man you don't know what I
would do with that ass
really really what would you do oh man I
will rock that ass really what would you
do that's so different compared to
everybody else already guys what makes
you so special I would slap it
Oh mr. multitasker you rocket and
laughing at the same time so original
one time one time we were in Vegas my
boys and I we saw as Asian girl and she
had his nicki minaj booty we're like
what is this unicorn we have to find out
the mystery right here we're like we
went out were like oh no she's half
black she's halfway well I already is
she had no no okay no she's latina she's
latina she's not even Asian
okay most Asian girls don't they're not
really blessed back there you know yeah
it's like it's like a g-string or your
crack from what I heard from what I
heard
not my wife though I've been very
blessed at a beautiful Korean lawyer
wife with a bubble butt yes brains and
booty yes yes I slap it every day that's
that's what I do
people say with it I've been married for
nine years that's what you got to do you
have to take control of the booty that's
what you got to do actually like babe
you haven't taken up the transient like
all right but I go first before I take
outside change the diaper all right all
right I'll do my turn
it's very important you're going to
control the booty I met my wife and I
use the cheesiest line ever I met her at
a nightclub
it was the second floor she's into the
night she's looking for friends you know
my friends like hey do that girl time
I'm an adulterer I went up to her she's
looking for friends I wonder up to first
I was like are you looking for me like
that and I felt his hand on my face like
I like are you serious oh my god but now
we're married with kids thank you very
much thank you very much
she's got a go for you got to go for it
they made me a a manager at one point it
made me a man and you heard my jokes I
made me a manager one time an employee
was a customer was yelling at one of my
employees and he was pissed and he was
like what the [ __ ]
kid what do you want drugs bring me your
manager then I walked out the customer
took one look at me he's like I'll [ __ ]
this [ __ ] but he still was pistol he's
yelling at me he's like dude your
employee he's on drugs I was like I know
I sold it no longer a manager I work at
Trader Joe's West Hollywood not the one
across the street down the way 8611
Santa Monica Boulevard come visit again
recognize me you recognized me from MTV
or from begging your [ __ ] groceries
probably the groceries I got that TJ
Fame baby but it straight does West
Hollywood Hollywood it's nuts there's so
many homeless dudes you know on this one
homeless guy keeps pooping in the
parking lot and they make me clean it up
but they're cool cuz when I clean it up
they give me a free lunch it makes me
happy but one day this homeless if he
stopped pooping in the parking lot
and I got real sad so I started pooping
in the
free lunch baby yeah yeah I attorneys
it's Hollywood it's crazy I just had to
go the bathroom at work to take a pee
pee and as homeless dude was in there
and he was smoking a cigarette in the
bathroom when he was washing his booty
in the scene and I walked in on that and
I didn't know what to do you know so I
was like sir you can't smoke in there he
was coolly put it down
finish washing this booty
[Laughter]
[Music]
you
[Music]
first of all you guys are awesome thank
you guys are so good-looking to a lot of
it last week's group on the group group
one crack is what they they were they
applied by hitting their arms you got
double the teeth and half the tattoos so
I am older than all you guys serving I'm
a little older you're my age and you
have a tattoo you were either really
drunk or in the military but you
Millennials you get a check in the mail
you're like let's go to the parlor let's
go tonight a year to wait for one of
them coming in the front door ripping
open their chair going dad look at my
tattoo I'll be in slow motion like Oh
son trust me in five years no one will
remember minecraft
fidget spinners I know look at the
tattoo of my beanie baby Mike Tyson you
know Mike Tyson had four hundred billion
dollars he had four hundred billion
dollars lost it God then he went and got
a tattoo on his face now he has children
hoes ain't gonna work out hey kids
makeup choices my sister-in-law was a
basketball player in college but she was
she wrote short so her nickname was
Tweety Bird right so she got a tattoo of
a Tweety Bird on your tummy bouncing a
basketball and now ten years and three
children later it's big bird in a
hot-air balloon
[Applause]
John's right in the cellar
I've been married 20 years now yes 20
years in a row of my life and let me
tell you something all you young guys
here you know when you when you get
married it's so easy at the beginning
because you get with you looks for
presents a year when you're married
birthday anniversary Christmas Valentine
at the beginning you get them the best
gifts bang bang good get bang good yeah
eight years in I ran out of ideas
I got hurt such lousy if she's so mad at
me she's like just give me cash get her
something really good I did not know
what to get her I asked her bestfriend
what should I get her and her best
friend said give her something she would
not get for herself and I said that's
how I have to think right get her
something she would not get for herself
so I got her a job
[Applause]
working for you guys in Afghanistan in
2006 and I couldn't say enough about
anyone who serves I just love you all
all my heart I keep your mouth
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
then everybody's off the ball mad about
tiger I can't people I hear people like
act like Titan was Superman negative
play golf act like he was Martin Luther
King is Tigers nothing to me he's just a
big joke I can't believe him to do that
Tiger Woods is a billionaire billionaire
nobody hit your city a billionaire you
know much as you can get with a billion
dollars
I know [ __ ] with $20 a pack of
Newports before the old neighborhood
like [ __ ] suck my D I got a pack of
Newports [ __ ] take it in the face [ __ ]
I got cigarettes take it in the face
take it in the face
that's my new slogan take it in the face
you can't just tell people taking the
face if you're making an acronym you
could trick people you like so do you
titl what's that tell you the face [ __ ]
a chicken that's the new lol the IPF all
outside the phrase out loud [ __ ] hey my
fate take it in the face
I went to Canada recently it was so much
fun it was Edmonton it was like the
Texas of Canada in the North America so
yeah you know it was fun anyway so I
went there and uh the mall only played
Bryan Adams and Celine Dion in routine I
swear to god they have like Canadian
park with our Canadian right kid Selenia
Bryan Adams and Bryan Adams okay I never
really listened to his music carefully
but did you know Bryan Adams has a song
it's called have you ever really loved a
woman yeah you know you know that song I
heard it yeah okay so the song goes like
this you all heard it on light rocks off
talk radio places yeah it goes when you
love 11 Taylor that she's really wanted
you know I never really listened to that
song all the way through except this one
time I heard it and there's a line in
that song you guys you're gonna die
you'll never hear that song the same way
again you see he's saying this line and
I just stopped in the mall floor I was
like what the [ __ ]
there's a real line in that song that
goes you know you really love a woman
when you see your unborn children in her
eyes
so I'm I'm like yo Brian if you see your
unborn children in her eyes
you must improve your aim she's got some
Visine
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
anybody driving you guys drive here you
just take all the stuff guys drive cool
so you guys know then you guys got cars
you guys yeah you get that oil change
got to get change every 3,000 miles or
your dad gets pissed right you kind of
do it you got to get a change I hate it
I hate getting the oil changed I've paid
20 extra dollars for an oil change if
they would just change my oil and not
say one goddamn word to me about
anything else with the car I don't want
to hear any suggestions or warnings I
don't want to know I don't because I
don't believe them and I also don't know
enough about cars to know if they're
lying to me so I just want my keys back
I just want my keys and they never do
they never just give you the keys they
act like they're going to then they
don't they're like you're all set you're
ready to go here's your keys oh wait we
just want to let you know about some
things we noticed under the hood while
we were already there and we looked and
you got a belt all the belts they're
gonna break soon you need a new filter
and there's a bomb strapped into your
floorboard their number there it's weird
I know but it's there and we're not
saying the bomb is gonna go off anytime
soon but you want to get
sooner than later you don't want to be
out on a back road have a bomb go off so
we're we're running a bomb special here
today it's about two million dollars
like everything else we offer here at
[ __ ] Jiffy Lube
I hate Jiffy Lube Jiffy Lube is like the
webmd of the automotive world they they
really blow everything out of proportion
you go you go there and you're like I
just need to want to change and they're
like well we're afraid a little more
serious I hate to tell you this sir but
your car has cancer that's what it's
like at Jiffy Lube I hate it
[Music]
hello micro so I dated a girl for a long
time I don't know seven years you know
she was a hippie she's coming out colors
better ways open my poetry night that's
what this I got the incense burning and
they're truly oils or you know there are
almost certainly ran the [ __ ] when
they read this [ __ ] I've never said what
they're talking about they see it as a
home spilling my soul out of the
universe intergalactic memory thinner
words Tom motionless raindrops drip drip
into my palm into my fault
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you know
[Laughter]
but in fact I've had so much on song but
I still be a country song R&B song but
it's the moon coochie damn girl why not
pull down your pants I was so damn
scared when I saw those curly pubes
creeping on both sides of your underwear
I said oh no how could this be
it was so alive and smelly that I could
not really
it's that wolf coochie I tried to
navigate through the bush but I could
not see that wolf coochie me and please
believe by trying to need which a boy
done lost is
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I think there's two types of people in
the world there's people who like cats
and then there's regular normal everyday
people who are going to heaven but cats
I hate him I'm allergic to him to make
me sneeze my eyes swell up [ __ ]
stupid you have a cat I'm sorry I hate
it but we live in Los Angeles I feel
like the most la thing you can do is
just complain to people about all [ __ ]
you're allergic to a San Texas guy at
the bar he's like oh I can't have the
peanuts cuz I have a peanut allergy and
I can't up the beers have a gluten
allergy and I came at the bottom because
it wasn't until then I can't have the
chicken wings whoo I'm a vegan it's like
do you also have low testosterone cuz
you sound like a little [ __ ] get your
life together
I hate picky eaters cuz I used to be a
cashier at Whole Foods worst job ever I
would get really pissed off and people
wanted to eat healthy because as a
cashier you can't scan the vegetables
for every single vegetable you buy the
cashier has to memorize a four to five
digit code corresponding with that
vegetable so people come through my line
I'd be like lettuce four zero six six
tomatoes 903 two organic baby bok choy
seven oh six six it got so bad I walk
into a restaurant see a salad bar I felt
like Rain Man like 9 83 84 85 86 88
seven eight nine eight three eight four
eight five eight nine Wapner ten minutes
five eight six eight two eight seven
eight nine eight three Mexican
restaurant Quatro yet they all say dosa
keeps a Couture say ms-13
don't clap for ms-13 they will kill you
Conan with jet thanks
I'm from Chicago born and raised I live
in that late now
I write for a TV show on Comedy Central
and the money's gone right so that's why
I'm here right now okay uh choose story
so I go tour in places I'm with the
candidate I got my passport no [ __ ]
Canada members I'm gonna tell you I'm
gonna tell you right now no wait you're
going before you go because I didn't do
the research so Canada usually you be a
the metric system for legal things and
they [ __ ] me up I'm in a grocery store
I'm high they got potato salad right and
there's 89 cents per 100 grams right and
I woke up to the counter said hey man
hey I'm Dave from Chicago I'm not a
scientist okay
how much potato salad should a 250-pound
black man buy because I don't know I
don't
look I bought a kilo
a potato salad right and here's the
thing about buying kilos love like in
America that's frowned upon right so I
feel weird buying a kilo anything but
but I watched narcos right so I'm gonna
do a TV show so I walk back up very calm
very polite I said a [ __ ] let me get a
key or they're white [ __ ] all right
she's like the potato sound I said yeah
that [ __ ] alright so she pulled back the
plastic I put my pinky in that
[ __ ] right
I'll rub it against my gloves
you say misstepped oh okay
it's a drug joke he looks [ __ ] up to
that they paid me seventy seventy cents
to the dollar in Canada and I didn't
know the the dollar was that low in
Canada so I became a feminist after
[Music]
I was just say yesterday at the 99-cent
store you ever been in this place
I love the 99-cent store you know what's
great about the 99-cent store you walk
in there and you and you feel good you
think I can buy anything I want I can
buy this whole store for $4 if I won let
me tell you no you're not doing well in
life if you return things to the 99-cent
store if you actually get back in your
car and return a can of peaches and you
always have stuff at the 99-cent store
that sounds like the original deal like
I like del Monte peaches so they try to
get you I'm looking at these beat it
says del monkey peaches I'm gonna give
it a shot it looks like the same thing
here just like the original item except
no flavor I put some shaving cream there
and you know I get home I shake the can
I go no shaving cream coming out just a
sound and I'm actually thinking that's
not bad for 99 cents I really love this
thing I've never seen anything like this
before and I walked her out so much fun
with the family like seven
fold your right you thought shaving no
not for $0.99 you're not going to put
shaving cream they lose money on the
deal you're going to back little letters
no shaving cream and clothes then they
had a bag of men's boxer shorts 99 cents
for 40 pair giant bag of this stuff 40
pair and my head's telling me mark don't
buy it
somehow they're ripping you on this one
don't do it now I'm going to get it so I
say here get six pair of it this is a
miracle so I get home I put a pair on
the fly is on the side right along the
right there one hole for both legs I'm
walking around and people see me 99
cents all right yeah yeah yeah the thing
fits nice it's good to stretch it out
and be good it will be very very good
so as you guys get out try anybody see
that Joker movie yet good you like it
good I'm waiting to see that one
I'm waiting because I'm scared to go see
you right away you know why you're
[ __ ] know why you know what yeah
someone's gonna shoot that [ __ ] up yeah
I don't want to [ __ ] see that movie
if I see a white guy buying a ticket for
that movie I'm out just why gotta yeah
I'm just here for it just pick it for
one alright I'll come back it's like
what you want to say that doesn't matter
nothing come back next week come back
next week I had you guys have that
annoying friend you're gonna move to see
movies with it's like [ __ ] is just
like no movies good enough anymore
the book was better the book doesn't
have CGI [ __ ] I have a spread I
can't see movies with him anymore I was
like dude movies are so good no that
Joker movie is good right
does Batman movies were good right I
know the Ben Affleck ones are okay but
let me tell you something you know what
I just watched the [ __ ] 90s Batman
and Robin movie oh my god we all Ben
Affleck an apology he wasn't that bad oh
my god remember that [ __ ] it is so bad
first of all for some reason they put
nipples on the Batman costume trunk even
in the 90s people like you what are
these [ __ ] nipples go back how's that
[ __ ] tactical is this like in case the
bad guy tries to get Batman a titty
twisters these are my nipples are
I thought he was cold cuz he was
fighting mr. freeze oh who did the
casting for that movie by the way
then Alicia Silverstone as Batgirl
that's sheriff for poulos what casting
director was at home like Washington she
think my ads after like all this [ __ ]
is fierce let's get her in here see what
she can do with the Batarang and
remember who mr. freeze was Arnold
Schwarzenegger oh my god that was so bad
go back to watch the movie they gave you
first of all first of all mr. Frese is a
scientist I'm so pleased [ __ ]
supposing that [ __ ] went to
college and they gave him all these
terrible lines that [ __ ] Leonardo
DiCaprio can pull off don't watch these
aren't this is actual dialogue for the
movie he goes okay everybody chill I'm
gonna cool down this is a real dotted
line from the movie he comes in the room
he's like what killed the dinosaurs
stop [ __ ] that's not [ __ ] dialogue
in a Batman movie that's like the the
[ __ ] riddles on those popsicles okay
what killed the dinosaurs oh the Ice Age
stupid stupid that joke is stupid too
like man did you reconsider the eating
ask if you eat the food here you if you
eat the food here you don't care what to
me sir I've had the [ __ ] [ __ ] working
every Friday brother
you can definitely eat some a screen
that's finished
[Applause]
[Music]
nobody's ever honest with you when when
you're about to have kids nobody wants
to blow your mind and scare the hell out
of ya you know what I mean I remember
when we first told everybody we were
pregnant with our first kid we're at a
barbecue and I was standing with a group
of guys like five guys that all had kids
you know and I was like guys tell me
what's it like man what can I expect you
know and uh when I have kids and they
went one by one down the line and it was
like they were brainwashed you know the
man that it's the greatest experience
he'll reform a blobby life were now all
send-up chambers of my heart
bah bah then there was one guy with a
beer and like a thousand-yard stare
going I don't know man I'm sorry what
was that guys don't get me wrong I love
my kids but I knew that what I know now
the worst part was that was my dad that
was my father
Danner right in front of you son of a
[ __ ]
is everyone being politically correct
are you all being politically correct no
no we're [ __ ] good people everyone
honestly I've spent a lot of time in
your country 99% of people are just good
people that want to get on with their
[ __ ] lives
and then there's 1% of [ __ ] and
everyone it runs going you can't do that
cuts hair they can't do this like no
one's that [ __ ] bad we're all good
people we just say [ __ ] sometimes that
we shouldn't that's all just it's
innocent stuff we're all just a little
bit politically incorrect and I know
because you do exactly the same thing as
me if you're driving along in your car
and you've got passengers in the car and
you answer a phone call and it goes on
speakerphone the first thing you say is
just letting you know that you're on
speaker and there's other people in the
car I think about that you may as well
say don't talk about the [ __ ] we usually
talk about there's other people here
they won't get our humor and they'll
judges we all do it I've got a I've got
an American girlfriend she's from
Florida they're weird in Florida you're
right they are good weed I like I like
weed it's funny but I realized like she
loved to get lover she's a gorgeous girl
lovely person terrible morning person
just from the hours of like 5:00 a.m.
until 9:00 a.m.
horrific if I get up before her I'm not
allowed to make a sound
not that I make a noise I I now get my
clothes I gather them up and I get
dressed in the kitchen
like a [ __ ] weed I'm in the dark
putting my pants on trying not to
breathe too heavily my fly's been undone
this whole time and no one said nothing
if she gets up before me it's [ __ ]
it's like an elephant getting ready for
work there's [ __ ] balls are slamming
she grabs her whole wardrobe and throws
it on the bed she's looking through [ __ ]
as she just hates me she looks at me and
just like him you having fun having fun
sleeping and she and she Huff's a lot
you guys having fun
I was getting up early for work last
week I was getting up at 5:00 a.m. every
morning and on Monday I got up 5:00 a.m.
and she was asleep and I leaned over and
I kissed her on the shoulder I went are
bye-bye
and she went oh what are you doing I
mean I was just saying goodbye and she
went oh just [ __ ] god I know I know
I'm sorry sorry go back to sleep sorry I
snuck yep and then Tuesday 5:00 a.m. I
woke up and she was sleeping and I
thought I'll let her sleep I won't
disturb it and I went off to work and
then at 9:00 a.m. I got a text message
from her that's it heck I'm you're left
without saying goodbye
what the [ __ ] am I meant to do in this
situation
so Wednesday 5:00 a.m. I woke up and I'm
just standing at the end of the bed
staring at her I didn't know what to do
I'm looking around for assistance but
there's no help and I'm going should I
say goodbye so they go what do I do and
I was kind of hovering above her like
this and she opened an eye up and saw me
and went what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
I don't know what I'm doing help a guy
who knows what you Franklin enjoy the
rest unite thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
when I show you guys a new bit okay this
is the great cigar box routine that was
originated by fields years ago by
applause how many people here are old
enough to remember WC pxy but my
applause how many people here are too
old to remember WC Fields it's usually
the same people he invented this routine
way way back back in the vaudeville days
I'm gonna take it a little bit further
than WC Fields ever did there's no
magnet strings or mirrors in these boxes
this is all real stuff you guys like it
here we go broken yet no it gets better
but not much what I'm going to do spin
the inbox around like this he'll work
this up off the edge of the stage learn
how to do the other end so get back in
the middle start doing both boxes just
like that spin the center box with those
two boxes then I'm going to take them
out of the center as fast as humanly
possible then we're going to go from one
side just like that to the other just
like behind that back
bison at the same time over the
guttering mother
around the center we're going left
where's moe fumble oh here we go
there's one there's two there's not a
chance in hell
you
I've been doing this comedy thing for a
long time too and I realize I'm really
really thankful to have a wife that
understands trying to get some play
tonight oh when you're married you gotta
schedule sex every that's the hot top of
that I getting a special thing it's my
birthday of his beautiful banshees oh
yeah she's smart beautiful she's an
attorney full package she's the Asian
girl with the booties like a unicorn you
don't say like this asian girls I hiked
that flat I was a just finger York
redwood well we're just working our ass
off we have three kids we're just four
four four boys work we're just trying to
work you know I had a day job MC deejay
weddings on the weekend you stand up at
night I'm selling weed after the show
medicinal all right don't judge to show
your card whatever it takes man for the
kids you just like just getting by
whatever it takes you know that's why I
have a part-time job I'm a I'm a
stripper I'm a male stripper it's hard
being a Christian stripper you know see
I have tattoos on me and you know what I
take my clothes off I have a Bible verse
it says Leviticus 19:28 any any Bible
scholars here know what that says all
pagans I guess all pagans here Leviticus
19:28 says thou shalt not have tattoos
says the Lord
has a picture of Alanis Morrisette right
there this is isn't it ironic don't you
think a little too my money it's like
rain your wedding day
I have a girlfriend and we we get brunch
I've never done this brunch thing man
this is fun I like it
deconstructing pop-tarts and [ __ ] amen
amen
i order then I get real high then I come
back and I'm like this is fabulous this
is amazing I go get the chef and bring
them over here this is amazing I love it
what we do you get it
[Applause]
who's that drunk aunt in the back
[ __ ] [ __ ] up [ __ ] yeah drunk and
you're [ __ ] crazy I like you yeah
like jerked off 85 Bears back of the day
I like here you can see some good [ __ ]
stories I know Mike Singletary anyway we
go get brunch and then we go to the sex
toy shop it's my favorite one-two punch
you know you guys never go to the sex
toy shop together all the time [ __ ] yeah
don't be afraid of that stuff right we
just bought a sex swing me and my old
lady right it's great just sitting there
when we first got it we used it all the
time right every day I was like getting
that sex swing but now it's like hey
like I throw my pants on it when I get
home
I'm afraid someday she'll break up with
me and I'll just be sitting in the
Select swing like where did it all go
wrong
I play [ __ ] call of duty in the sex
swing maybe this is why I don't know but
I know I'm immature coz when we go to
the sex toy shop I always grab the
biggest floppiest dildo and I dun chuck
it around right and I know that's
immature but I don't care right I'm just
like I throw it over my shoulder and I
just walk around like a like a hotshot
cop walking the beat you know I mean the
other day I look down and on the on the
the side of the dildo or the shaft if
you will it's it made in the USA and I
had a sense of pride in this country I
hadn't had in a long time then I imagine
in my head there's some like dildo
warehouse in like Memphis Tennessee you
don't I mean there's some guy there was
like goddamn when the mills closed down
we thought this town was gonna go
belly-up but well [ __ ] this dildo
factory done save the day and we take
pride in our work here yes we do we may
do those for the American woman or man
learned that in the seminar we're proud
of what we do that NPR hears about it
they do a story you know it was like
there's a small dildo manufacturer in
Memphis Tennessee that's making America
come again and that's when I had the
dildo what I'm doing is I'm just kind of
walking around a little bit I let my
girlfriend walk around and she talks to
the people that work there and what I'm
hoping for this is like my dream this
would be my dream come true if a guy
comes down with a gun and he's like give
me all your money
right
and then I come out from the shadows and
I'm just like oh you picked the wrong
Pleasure Chest to [ __ ] with right and
then I not come out with the day though
the cops hear about it they're like
you're a hero yeah I mean and then they
tell the newspaper and then next thing
you know I'm on the front page of the
Tribune holding like the double-sided
dildo and the headline is just like
local hero isn't toying around with
crying
[Applause]
[Music]
that's part about teenagers is so easy
to embarrass them thinking embarrassed
easy to [ __ ] too late like as a parent
you just walk in the room that I call
devastated are you doing I'm walking but
you're we're doing on my feet I'm on my
feet were my special they think
everyone's looking at him that's where
the wear their hair [ __ ] weird in
here it's like I really let's look all
[ __ ] we're still looking at all right
bears the [ __ ] out of him I'm good at it
I embarrass my kids on purpose my son
one time I brought a buddy home with him
from school to help with a homework
project him and his buddy walk in the
door first thing I said I went you know
what's on your right he is cute all
right see you later
music his brother when he was a senior
in high school my oldest I Drive him to
school now when you drive a kid to
school in high school you got to pull
right into the front of the school
because that's where all the cool shit's
happening right and there's cheerleaders
doing a pyramid there's a kid in a
wheelchair it's like an episode of Glee
or some [ __ ] right so we pulled right
into the front of the school for my
sunny Italian nose he's like dad don't
do anything weird also I really don't
know if I was to explain you today you
know Mike shut the [ __ ] up get out of
the car go to class right I'm not going
to do anything I'm wearing pajamas
anyways so he gets out of the car goes
running up towards his buddies no [ __ ] I
popped out of the sunroof a Python see
ya toodles gorgeous listen me and your
other father will be here at 3:30 with
bells on I love you make good decisions
that's the best accent on the planet I
don't care you guys saying hi guys
double of that [ __ ]
I'm straight I'm not gay but I'm not one
of those straight guys it's like hey gay
dude keep it out of my butt I don't
think that first of all I don't think
that's how it works
I don't really I don't think they're
like Jehovah's Witnesses where they're
trying to get new members all the time
and [ __ ] imagine that knock on the door
Saturday morning right hi have you been
saved here's a pamphlet there's so much
to learn
we're having a bake sale this Sunday
bring your goodies
I would never commit suicide I was
thinking about this the other day but if
I did I want to do it in front of a
group of people and then yell something
really weird right before I did it just
to mess with all the people that saw it
happen like going from a group of people
with a gun and just be like Oh [ __ ]
farted did how confuse with those people
be for the rest of their lives
can you imagine witnessing that they
would have no idea what that man why
that happened
forever for the rest of their lives
they'd be so confused
can you imagine seeing that it's mom oh
my god what I gotta say I'm [ __ ]
farted oh my god got it so many funny
guys blow your nose I can [ __ ] kill
himself who farted that was some of the
worst part ever holy [ __ ] love your dos
brothers I fart that is taking lives
plug your nose with that smell like
broccoli and eggs and pure evil oh my
god
man you know what [ __ ] button you
know what bugs me man you know what
really bugs me dude uh Denny's bro they
gotta shut this place down
man I'm Sanada I wish people would quit
shooting up movie theaters and shoot up
a [ __ ] Denny's bro
cuz if you get gunned down at a Denny's
that's on you Playboy okay
have some respect and take your family
to IHOP like a real man
teni sucks but everything in there taste
like eggs and onions
everything the air the pie even the
silverware if you just run in there and
lick them and what do they click what do
they clean the tables with syrup okay
once you sit down you can't even get up
I'm trapped I guess we're staying for
lunch and all the waitresses look like
[ __ ] at every location how do they do it
they even have a job application or they
just have like a special mirror and if
you look like a [ __ ] then you're all
staffs Cynthia but you gotta wear a hat
cuz nothing looks better than [ __ ] in a
hat put on your hat [ __ ] it waffle up
look at hate Denny's brother and half
the waitresses got whiskers man you
notice that Shay shave your ladies Denny
shave your ladies for you put them on
the dance floor lady look like a damn
cat sorry for the bad service I just
gave birth to a bunch of babies in a
cardboard box in the kitchen lady will
take your orders she's combing her neck
by the kitchen they got that neck hair
they want a double they want a nine with
a milk my god hey Dennis man hey tennis
bro
I hate Dennis and I keep going back
there do I keep going back this is me
every time I leave Denny's man [ __ ] this
place
a week later yes ma'am table for one
please yeah yeah by the window cases a
drive-by go down with this [ __ ]
no coffee I don't want to be awake while
I'm here [ __ ] hate daddies man hate
me no offense if you won't work at
Denny's
I knew this girl in high school used to
[ __ ] three four guys at a clip I think
that was at the bite was that same kind
of mentality that big-titty mentality
you know I was like I would say that I
was like what's wrong what are you doing
and she would she was so lost she would
just say oh I like sex other cool I like
coffee tell me they're gonna fly to
Columbia and bathe I mean what do you
mean you like says what you're doing is
not about sex and I was so lonely and
unloved and fractured I ended up asking
her on a date Dave and we went out and
we went to dinner and I dropped my fork
and she was sweet she just handed me her
fork I'm kidding I brought on my
friend's house and we [ __ ] him but I
got us something to eat afterwards we
talked about it I just don't understand
that girl that mentality especially and
often times you feel like it's busy in
LA I was jealousy girls in LA when
you're single I try I go to the bar and
I don't like bars and you walk you try
and get a girl to talk and oftentimes
when girls are with friends they can't
leave their friends it's like a Black
Hawk Down no man left behind Navy SEAL
kind of thing and I'll say can we just
walk over there and she's like I can't
you know I'm with friends you understand
I was like no I don't understand man I'm
with friends I walk the [ __ ] out of here
right now and I drove you know I let
and that tall dude left his asthma pump
in my glove box that's how committed I
am to get in between you and your
[ __ ] jeans and then she's with all
the friends and they're taking pictures
why do girls take pictures of each other
all the time
I'm not talking about girls from Paris
I'm talking about girls live three
blocks from the [ __ ] bar they're
standing it and they're like Lisa and
Lisa spins around holding a beer like
it's a winning lotto ticket and I got
yeah yeah and the flashes are going off
I'm like [ __ ] relax you just left
work not North Korea calm the [ __ ] down
I want to see a picture what happens at
the end of the night Dave
Lisa's in the backseat of a Camaro
getting fingered by some guy who's never
gonna call her again cuz she threw up
while she came I don't know where I'm
going with this you understand what I
mean
you
here's the thing though all right I
don't expect everyone know everything
all right but definitely Americans are
ignorant because like a couple times
after a show after a comedy show that
you know people come up to me hey I
gotta tell you something are you uh
North Korean or South Korean am i am i a
north korean comedian bruh I'm like okay
honestly there's there's millions of
people starving to death in North Korea
they don't allow anybody to escape if
you do escape into China and they
capture you'll to take it back and
torture you and sometimes your entire
family I was thinking what would it take
for someone escape North Korea to China
somehow learn English through Google
come here and become a stand-up comedian
he'd be the most ambitious comedian on
earth to get his own HBO special right I
don't care about food I don't care about
clothing must stare joke I must touch
all the house the north korean comedian
gonna be like man hello everybody i am a
medic anybody have food today
yeah i tried for two days in a row
amazing it's a serious situation that's
why i want to get a tattoo that raise
awareness like a lot of women they get
tattoos of butterflies above their ass
they're raising work
now they're raising awareness for
butterflies a butterflies are becoming
extinct
and every year the wings get bigger and
bigger and bigger I wanted to get a
meaningful tattoo so I got a tattoo of
North and South Korea on my ass / my
crack and why you guys laughing why you
guys laughing every time I use a
restroom I feel the pain of my divided
country and you guys are laughing that's
messed up
I asked my boy you know Walter I'm like
yo what if the North Korean leader North
Korean leader he said that he would
release North Korean refugees into
America if you took it up the ass from
him he owes I all man dude why you ask
me these questions man he's like I'll do
for a million a million refugee that you
would have to do a familiar right you
would have to do it you would have to
take it up the ass if a million starving
women and children the video released
into freedom you'd be a hero man but
you'd be a different kind of hero
the rest you're alive I was like do
that's the person you know I released
the refugees in the light but you know
what a statue looks like right the
statues like it go go go
man you guys here's a seamless Segway
Greyhound dogs let's get into it they
creep me out a lot I love dogs I love
all dogs except for those pointy
creeps I don't trust him they make me
nervous I like to me looks like aliens
showed up on earth and they forgot their
dog and now we just have gray hunts take
some psychos at a pet shop or a breeder
it was like ah yes good day
good morrow I like a dog but do you guys
have any dogs that's more like a lizard
than a dog I want to look like if a
lizard put on a dog outfit and stretched
it back really tight but still had the
pointy lizard face also okay kitty their
Flags like stilts at far too tall for
the animal yours in also ah don't be too
picky but should I throw it out there
I'm gonna throw it out there
can it be as fast as a cheetah okay so
like a lizard face weird snake-like body
still like treated fat you got one back
there
 yeah I'll take that one thank you
you guys like they look like they have
to be refrigerated you have me very
unsettling you're a popular breed a lot
of people have them most people are like
we rescued it from the race place it's
like okay well just rescue a different
one
honey labs and retrievers out there
looking for a good home give one of
those Rascals a squeeze I'm trying to
talk my buddy there today he has a
greyhound I was like well you know first
of all you and your rear dog I
wasn't giving honest discussion with him
just trying to understand I was like
okay sure yeah I guess I get it
sure great hunts there was a love coming
home after a long day at work and
cuddling up with your dog that's only
balls it's pretty dope it's like all
points it's like snuggling up with like
a stack of CD cases that aren't aligned
properly oh jagged Barney boys so you
had to snuggle this pillow case full of
Rubik's cubes it's just like a dog get
in there
TIFF it is squeeze everyone's not like a
dog hater
I can love dogs like I'll stop
stranger in the street sometimes and
just to pet the epic I'm so sorry to
bother you can just buy your dog real
quick that's such a great look at let me
guess really quick lab Shepherd mix I
 knew it
that's a kid boy greyhounds are like I'm
so sorry to bother you yeah can you sell
your greyhound did not even look
at me I would love that
well no like I already saw it and then I
turned my back on it just to get him out
of my field of perception and then I
felt ice in my spine so I'm quite
certain that your hellhound is gazing
upon my back ya know if you guys do
off all the way out of my life entirely
forever thank you so much I really
appreciate it
enjoy the rest of this Roscoe build a
street festival right right now I've
been blacking out since noon and it is a
tree dude if a pedigree hung for the
first time it was like cold and slippery
like a walrus it just crawled from the
sea it's like a I'd like that's what I
 thought about forever Greyhound
pass
[Music]
I am a new dad my daughter is a month
old yesterday so yeah thank you see
that's an appropriate response I
appreciate that because that's a happy
moment I know it's it's not TV I can
hear you please don't do that I have a
TD somebody talks I'm just like [ __ ] no
but I was an appropriate response
you know you guys showed like some love
that I'm happy you know and I've
realized now that I have the woman I
want to spend the rest of my life with
and I have a family that I've started
I've realized I have no tolerance for
lonely people anymore like I don't like
their behavior and [ __ ] it's just not I
don't tolerate it I'll give you an
example I went into a club that's run by
a female and I hadn't been in this club
for a while because I've been out on the
road and I walk in and I'm walking on
sunshine I'm happy life is good and
she's just like hey mr. Riley how's life
been treating you and I go I'm good I
was like the baby's good my wife is good
I'm feeling really blessed right now and
she goes oh good luck with that and the
hate just came out of my face I was like
well [ __ ] you you lonely [ __ ] and my
buddy knows that I'm not a very
aggressive guy he almost blew beer out
of his nose he was like what the [ __ ]
was I was like I don't think I liked her
I think I like her very much I just
don't have a whole lot of tolerance for
stuff right now this is what I'm
realizing that really bugs me about
being a new dad it's made me accept
things that no man wants to accept I'm
sensitive you know no man wants to admit
that he's sensitive you know especially
when right now the cool [ __ ] is
allocable book I give all the [ __ ]
I've been arrested a bunch of times you
might have guessed that one to uh
the last time I was arrested I was
minding my own business might not
firecrackers and here most of Beach Boys
July and I threw them underneath some
horses with sheriffs on top of that I'm
a patriot
we don't [ __ ] and made three local
newspapers and my mom cry just google my
name Google Craig Conant Hermosa Beach
fireworks there's an article titled
deputies lasso Lomita man I was the meat
of man baby yeah but the cows there it
is they're like why were you running cuz
you're [ __ ] chasing me on the horses
have you guys ever been galloped after
by a posse of sheriffs on horses you
feel alive you know and then they're
like where the drugs at where they at
hippie and I was like in my body you too
late piggy I [ __ ] bid on yeah that
joke cost me $12,000
what's all good that planted the seed to
get me sober it took me a long [ __ ]
time and some trips to rehab but I'll
finally sober now everybody I'll be back
I'll be back the weirdest part about
being sober is I still look like this
you know and I still sound like this I
did some wise man one time I a mushrooms
five days in a row and on the fifth day
I thought I went [ __ ] I think I did
I convinced myself so much so I called
my mom I was like hey mom I'm [ __ ]
now and she goes oh honey I know and now
that was over it's hard hitting on women
I work at Trader Joe's that's not a joke
and this cute girl was coming through my
line and she was purchasing milk
chocolate covered peanut butter filled
pretzel new kids the 3:29 they're
[ __ ] delicious man
go pee Adam what she held her mom she's
like you know what I'll be doing tonight
and I was like what getting diarrhea he
got weird man
and then another cute girl is coming
through my light at night I'm a comedian
working at a grocery store so I'm always
pushing the envelope with what to say
you know and this girl was purchasing
toilet paper and I just like that it'll
they are gonna wipe that ass tonight huh
you got weird again dude
[Music]
I actually tell everybody every show
that I do that I that I stutter because
people will look at me like this does he
know we should we should tell him this
is actually because this is surprise the
number of times people people people
come up and know that the after shows
and I'll say like all that's that's not
your real voice
you're just you're faking that you're
you're putting that on right so lately
what I've been doing is just never
mentioning it's my stutter so when
someone tells me I do I I react like I
like I didn't know and there's a guy
came up he was like hey hey hey man you
were sisters yours you were stuttering
up there I was like what
how bad is it
[Applause]
it was eight he was like it that's
pretty bad I said this is this is just
the worst news the part of Cara's hearts
hard enough being black and music it was
like it was like yours it was like
you're not you're not you're you're not
black oh okay I was like what how much
how bad is it
[Music]
it's unbelievable what's coming out of
Hollywood these days and anybody see
John wick did you see two as well these
these films start an actor by the name
of Keano
the honoree is why believes the best
actor on the planet Jupiter I'm gonna go
Jupiter on in these films and of course
there's other big movies The Matrix
films everything is kind of similar as
far as what's going on is gratuitous
violence everybody's kind of running
around either in super fast motion or
super slow motion sound is magnified 100
times you see a guy come burning out
with the big shotgun you can see the
bullets sarcasm you can see the bullets
going through the air we shall be
hitting the bad guy then it takes me a
second to figure it out it isn't
realized he's shot right away
[Laughter]
lady runs towards the guy who shot
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
all right
[Applause]
[Music]
I do like like couple activities I think
couple activities they're finally
brushing my teeth miss Ellen I was like
like that that's kind of fun you guys
alright you brush your teeth with your
partner you get the mirror together you
know going to like cute looks like it's
fun for 15 it's the only way to have my
two brushes I guess anyway well I happen
to be is I'll find out I don't brush my
teeth long enough that's the only that's
when you find that out you're like oh
brush your teeth yeah I go is fun very
good okay oh you're still going all
right guess I'll do them again the
tongue really okay no my gums always
bleed like this this is normal for me
this amount of blood is fine fine what a
bathroom humor
I said I'm bringing tonight I don't know
I guess I like because I feel like that
we do so much stuff alone in there and
they like never talked about it
I guess not I don't know them I mean I
think I should take a poll before I tell
you what I'm gonna tell you like because
I don't think I would wipe it wiping
right the S be open and honest with me
I'll take a quick fall have you stand up
when you wipe make some noise time time
do you stand up the people who clapped
did you hear that that was not most of
the people
make some noise that was more but I feel
like there's I'm still within everybody
is there like a third option I don't
know about wasn't like too is that I'm a
stander but like more people sit right
it sounded like more people are sitting
I had no idea my whole life I've had
sand in I'll show you what I do I I need
two hands
is that a sign I'm doing it wrong from
only I'll kind of like okay so I go I
sit down for the poop everyone's sitting
down for that part of it I know I stand
up I like drape one hand like gonna run
my belly like this I think it just makes
me feel safe I got like pop a hip out
and do like a little curtsy anyone with
me on this I feel I thought this was
right my whole life it sounds like a
facial I feel I got a regal you know
like you're like bowing down like that
sound like you greet like on a distant
alien planet that's how they greet their
leader maybe maybe like a largely boob
greeting right give it to him or
something
[Music]
so we had the drinkers that we treated
you've got cranberry and something would
you go cranberry and just the cranberry
cranberry and schnapps what are you 16
in the basement since you couldn't have
the gin rummy the gin
no no yeah are you reading the label on
the medication man Danny wise are you
legally are you about to watch her yeah
you bought the trap yeah I have a coupon
you will drink what I give you
berries knobs bar to the side yeah do we
even have [ __ ] [ __ ] you mind just
taking a peppermint stick and Burton is
putting it in there I don't care I'm
getting lit tonight my farts of them
smell like fairies
like very nothing here where you from
you you you here to be from I'm looking
at your complexion so you're somewhere
where there is no Sun where are you from
Albania yes we make our own schnapps in
the basement by the barn it's wonderful
I don't really hang out with the Amish
[Music]
my going through life as a doctor I you
look at things a little bit differently
you know and let me ask you guys a
question right who who who gets who has
a lot more expectations placed on them
in love and relationships men or women
make some noise man exactly that's the
right answer ladies okay because of
seven years ago on YouTube right there
was this a very famous Korean music
video on YouTube right and this Korean
music video it taught a very tragic
romantic story right this is how the
story went okay now the guy is a
photographer this detail is important
right the guy is a photographer he falls
in love with the girl the girl falls in
the feet of photographer so far so good
the photographer proposes marriage to
the girl the girl says no because plot
twist the girl is blind in both eyes
very tragic and the girl says I will
only say yes to marriage when I can look
upon my husband so said cut see now that
the girl is at hospital she just went
for an operation the doctor
unwraps the towel from her eyes and now
she can see with both eyes because
someone has donated two eyes to the lady
brilliant she rushes home to tell the
boyfriend she turns she the boyfriend
seated on the chair she turns the chair
around and guess what the boyfriend is
not now has no eyes because in an act of
love and sacrifice the boy the guy the
photographer has donated both his eyes
to the girl and all the girls watching
these videos that oh my god that is so
sad that guy is so romantic
as a doctor I watched a video later oh
my god that guy's an idiot
I know your girlfriend is blind you want
her to see that is so noble that is good
my question is why did you have to
donate both your eyes you donate one I
keep the other eye and then after the
operation you can both go and I don't
know watch a movie it may not be a 3d
movie but still and check this out that
guy is a photographer he's going to
close one eye anyway
I get the drunk munchies so bad do it I
went to McDonald's one time I tried to
get a 20-piece nugget that was it the
dude was like he's gonna do 50 for 10
bucks and I'm like are you a cop or
something it's like way too cheap for
Nuggets bro like I'm drunk but I know it
would be when I see it all right I look
at my wallet I have a $20 bill I'm like
oh my god let me get a hundred okay
a hundred nuggets man hey listen he's
like that's going to take a while and
I'm like I just sorted a hundred nuggets
you think I have [ __ ] to do
no I know I I'm not on my way to a
business meeting all right don't you
guys don't know what waiting is until
you've waited for McDonald's employee to
count to a hundred man don't make any
plans you can south and he officially
like handed me a bag of McDonald's bag
of Nuggets just filled to the top like
you can tell he was like this was like a
hundred and I'm like this is a thousand
Nuggets this is this is the most Nuggets
I've ever seen in my life and he's
handling to me and they're falling off
and hitting the ground and we just look
at each other like oh well man you guys
like to have a nugget in the floor and
not even care it's so [ __ ] weird you
see it I
I've got 99 problems but a nuggets not
one I got a shitload of nuggets man you
don't know the power you have with that
money nuggets Tiffin I would see
homeless people I felt like a king I was
like I take it I get you peasant feed
your families for these nuggets
looking for you nugget hi y'all I was
like Oprah like you get a nugget you get
a nugget you get it okay you get it
again everybody gets it knock again 100
NOK is three barbecue sauce is really
McDonald's and serious dick move man I
can't go back to a six-piece nugget
after that obviously who ordered six
Nuggets what anorexic [ __ ] is
this skin the ten you know six nuggets
you ever have six nuggets and a friend
to ask you for one like you son of a
[ __ ] bro you're like asking for a sixth
of my nuggets right now would you like a
kidney as well I have two of those you
know smashed up I get mad at the
drive-thru man I'll order it like it
sucks when I'm even putting like fast
food timeout or they're like just pull
forward like you were supposed to make
my food though I'm just gonna [ __ ] out
of here bags go to that shitty not real
space but kind of a space it's like
you're going to honk at you and [ __ ] for
blocking traffic and everyone passes you
with their food they're like what did
that guy to
you must have ordered a brisket or
something what then I'm just waiting
there sitting I don't know this dude's
coming back I got [ __ ] abandonment
issues man I'm always coming down don't
we start a new family in Tijuana or some
[ __ ] dude
I know I gotta stop with a fast food bad
I had a crazy weekend my boy Carl just
came out of a closet to me yeah they
know they know you guys have happened
hasn't happened so my boy Carl he didn't
come out and tell him he was gay like in
a typical way and saying I'm gay which
I'd have been cool with I'm assuming my
boys gauge he tried to FaceTime me
here's the thing if you're a man and you
FaceTime another man money off gay
that's how that math works out that's
I'm sorry because what you're saying is
like his voice is not enough for you you
saying you need more you're like yo Dawg
don't get me wrong I love the sound of
your voice but I just gotta be your face
that's okay here's the thing that made
him a suspect though he was on the
stomach you decided face I mean I was
like [ __ ] are you thought oh ankles in
the back room bro if you don't get off
your goddamn son on a FaceTime
[Music]
and my wife comes out to me last week
just look at these pictures of
pornography your 15 year olds been
printing off the internet I'm like that
son of a [ __ ] he's using all my eat
that's all you care about $25 a
guardroom what are you gonna say to him
bring black and white now yes
ass he supposed to reprimand him put the
round of controls on there this is good
stuff this is better than my [ __ ] you
know you know he's just gonna go his
buddies and watch it over there you know
but it is messed up if you see things
before your time I remember when I was
16 I saw a documentary of a baby being
born and that messed up me for a long
time I'm thinking how am I gonna please
a woman I just saw eight pounds come out
of that lady be like throwing a hot dog
down a hallway can you feel anything
am I getting close to anything give me
something to hang on you throw me a
booyah give me a life vest or something
I hate Home Depot I hate Home Depot if
you ever want to see just Paxton lost me
and walking around lost going Home Depot
these guys just walking around like I'm
gonna shoot him somewhere no thanks cuz
women y'all walking Home Depot y'all
expert [ __ ] y'all lookin for a five
minutes y'all and it out guys you're
walking and I saw does it I knows we
like about to fix some [ __ ] yeah I'm
about to fix it [ __ ]
we walking it you need help no no no I
figured out we just walked off right I
figured out working the grocery store
right cuz the grocery store changed from
how to out every aisle is just some
different but every aisle and the
[ __ ] Home Depot it look exactly the
same and it's two blocks long you going
to like I'm get a plunger you walk in
there like okay plumbing punch it
alright that makes sense you walk into
plumbing house just pipes of [ __ ] [ __ ]
you start walking around you looking at
at some point why you lost
you say this is yourself as a man if I
was a plunger
that's thought that's the number one
sign that the man is lost when he put
his self in a place that should be
looking for represent do like a
brokedown car looking overhead if I was
a [ __ ] fascist star in the bedroom if
I was it the litoris I got get out of
here a lot of times when comics leave
you'd like to leave like on a big laughs
everybody cherish it and on that's hard
for me to do because my job is good this
is what I'm saying
so I'm gonna say this let me get out of
here
[Music]
[Applause]
I went to Disney I went to Disney World
now Disney Land is here Disney World is
in Florida you can't get the two mixed
up or people get very upset I was in
Disney World and I said this is crate
Disneyland's crate and someone went to
[ __ ] world [ __ ] okay I was like
alright don't swear in the Magic Kingdom
he was very aggressive that was a weird
place like we went for three days we
went to two different parks we stated
the Disney Resort
they put this wristband on me at the
start of the trip and that's all I used
the whole time you get you get a drink
and just blip it's on the wristband you
get some lunch
flip you go into one other parks flip
everything is on this wristband and then
you go to checkout you've spent
seventeen and a half thousand dollars
and you're like no what the [ __ ] are you
talking about wanted to give me a
wristband you know I'm an idiot why
would you why would you give me that
kind of power it wasn't real it was
meant to be magical world having a fun
time oh wait it was a master [ __ ] sake I
didn't think anything was real I'm not
playing if you know that and then you
get [ __ ] you go give me the bill give
the cheque you start looking through it
and you just go silent cuz everything
checks out you're like no [ __ ] I did all
of that and
yep the Minnie Mouse package yeah I did
that I don't know if that's a thief the
Minnie Mouse package it sounds creepy
[Music]
and then yeah and then you have to hand
you credit card I've give it to that and
you smile and go you going I can eat for
months
don't show anyone that you pull these
neat Disney's a weird place it's just a
bunch of people walking around looking
for snacks that's all that's going on
this snacks there they got snacks
well they got slacks I got I haven't
eaten in an hour I'm starving
you're not starving you don't have to
eat every hour you're gonna be alright
we had some snacks for the hike to the
car trip so they get trail mix for them
you don't need food all the time you're
really done just stop eating
you don't need snacks on a flight from
LA to San Francisco it's like 80 minutes
you don't need to get your snacks ready
sitting there like I'm gonna make it I'm
gonna make it you're probably going to
make it anyway you don't need [ __ ]
protein do any Clif bars for the [ __ ]
well let's get three in case alright so
always what if stop [ __ ] E yep I go to
this cinemas and then people have [ __ ]
popcorn like massive things of popcorn
and a coke the size of a bathtub there's
[ __ ] sitting there don't tell me it's
to enhance the movie-going experience
because you wolf the whole thing down
before the movie even starts
you just want a dark place to eat food
that's all it is soon as the lights go
Daniel no one can see me eight
[Applause]
oh good
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah keep it going for Josh mccoon uh
but I love the ladies I really do I am a
big fan but what I'm not a big fan of is
this whole bang ability scale you know
one the ten you know I'm talking about
right every God uses it right like what
do you consider yourself
nobody would ever answer and don't you
answer I already talk about awkward
situations we don't want to go there
okay it's getting really confusing like
dude she had a nine body six face decent
person at like a five and a half my
Davidge too like a six and a half dude
ten body seven face kind of seemed like
the devil average at around seven
dude I'm talking like five body five
face love sports eight personality six
listen if you have to put together a
scattergram to figure out if you're
gonna bang this girl just stop okay and
go on my skill okay I work off a binary
scale she's either a 1 or she's a zero
it's really easy okay zeros okay but if
you would bang her anytime anywhere
she's a 1 if you wouldn't g0
you
you guys like binge watch do binge watch
say you have a binge watch like for
eight nine hours old
hey you you realize it you just [ __ ]
up your whole day doing that right do
you ever do that like binge watching a
[ __ ] your life up man I gained 50 pounds
ever since Netflix came out man I got
that fighter sticking out with the
Kodiak I don't get no sleep man
fruit cuz you you [ __ ] up in binge
watch like did you you're like you know
what let me watch one episode
everybody's talking about this [ __ ]
then eight hours later like goddamn I
haven't slept and [ __ ] cuz you can't say
I'm serious I started watch I watched
two seasons of [ __ ] narcos and one
night first I was like you know what let
me see what's up with narcos I turned it
out under Tuesday it's 7:00 in the
morning on Wednesday I forgot I had to
take the kids at school every guy had to
go to work for him I want to say
anything oh [ __ ] you got to go to work
I'm like one more episode I could do
this I could do this I don't care - it
comes from
I think Netflix sent me that cocaine so
I can stay up all night watching this
now you ever dream about it you watch
the show and you fall asleep when you
dream about the [ __ ] show then really
it [ __ ] your mind up man like where the
game of Thrones fans at what are you
[ __ ] nerds up buying in right I gave
in
finally I watched all seven seasons in
two [ __ ] weeks when I cuz I was on
the road right and every every night I
would just go back to the hotel watch
three four episodes and I was like going
to sleep dreaming about that [ __ ] man
for real like I felt I'm not gonna I
fell in love with that with the dragon
lady with Denari I fell over her
she's bad you're like after two seasons
I was dreaming about her and [ __ ] but I
had to snap out of it cuz I was dreaming
about her I had a little half Mexican
dragon babies running around the house
and [ __ ] I'm like no let's stop drinking
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
Marilyn that's why I like walking dead
[ __ ] walking dead I hate that show i
watch one season I was done cuz I ain't
trying to dream about zombies man [ __ ]
that I live in West Englewood you guys
ever heard of that area that's a bad
area there's a lot of winos and
crackheads in my neighborhood don't
watch Walking Dead till 4:00 in the
morning and then walk your [ __ ] dog
don't do that [ __ ] [ __ ] me up man
Ricky I'm thinking about zombies all
night right I just watched eight hours
of zombies it's for the morning my dogs
looking at me like yo I gotta take a
[ __ ] you've been watching zombie for
eight hours so I took my dog out I'm
like I took my little pistol with me cuz
the bad neighborhood is [ __ ] right I
don't want to die walking my dog so I'm
thinking about zombies walking a dog and
one of my neighbors comes out of the
game willing and joy but oh you got a
cigarette and I freaked the [ __ ] I'm
gonna back up zombie back up and then
like the light hit his face I'm like oh
[ __ ] that's Ernie I'm gonna shot Ernie
man like I've known you for 25 years man
was shot Ernie
cuz the [ __ ] walking dead man
[Music]
I grew up in a strict household my dad
was real strict my parents came here
with a few hundred dollars raised five
of us my dad disciplined us you guys
know you know something yeah it hurts me
more than it hurts you then why are you
using a stick ah I think it hurts me
more uh-huh so he ruled us with an iron
fist so I'm the last to file all my
older brothers and sisters have two
older brothers two other sisters they
were all virgins till marriage we never
had a drink we never had a smoke
we never cursed like it was like
strictly I was the kid at school
everyone would curse I'd be like shut
the front door you [ __ ] piece
of [ __ ] kabob I flip them off with my
ring finger you know all the kids are
like oh I'm like no it's not remember
that but I was like all my life cuz I'm
the last to file all my older brothers
sisters were virgins till married were
they know so I thought I'm gonna say yes
both my older sisters lost their
virginity to their husbands like their
first kisses with their husbands I know
it's hard for the horse to understand in
this round alright
what are they Asian unicorns that is not
true
that is not possible yes so I'm all my
life cuz uh you know I had all this
guilt from [ __ ] I'm gonna save it till
marriage save it to marry saving to
Marionnaud when I was 20 oh my girl we
didn't plan to but one night oh it was
over that quick oh and all my friends
celebrated when they lost the virginity
but me I remember Lanie I was like oh my
god
what does aids look like I have AIDS
he will punish you
but tropical I like how I come across to
you guys you know like I figure out like
the vibe that I give off is like a black
Christian rapper amen my friend
Christina said I'd make a really good my
first black boyfriend which is kind of
true cuz I'm like an easy transition
like a gateway drug to a thug one of my
friends called me an Oreo cookie which I
thought was like a compliment because
I'm a sweet guy and I love threesomes
but what he meant was that I'm a white
guy trapped inside a black guy's body
which is an insult to the white guy
inside of there cuz I would at least
like top the perks of being a white guy
trapped inside a black guy's body you
know like being able to go sailing are
getting frosted tips and having a fair
trial when my friends uh he said I was
the black guy in the phrase some of my
best friends are black like you guys are
heard about my white friend Chad always
wants me to do something black cuz
apparently my skin isn't proof so I did
what a black guy was supposed to do in
this situation I robbed him and [ __ ]
his sister and I was like
is that black enough for you J like that
never works the other way around I could
never like brag about how many white
people I know right
I could never be like yeah trust me I
know tons of white people I once went to
a Dave Matthews concert here but I think
I figure I'll I gotta become like little
more urban and that's to get a pit bull
cuz like every hardcore black dude needs
to own a pit bull but I've always been
afraid of them and pit bulls I've always
been afraid of pebbles like pit bulls
have a bad reputation because all the
mines are stuff like that right but
learn some things are important I think
you guys agree with me on this that it's
not the dog right it's how they're
raised okay yeah and then remember what
my mom told me she said dogs are exactly
like kids right like they'll try out
much better if they're raised in a safe
environment they're carrying home right
yeah by white people you guys ever seen
a white person's pit bull it's named
Frank and Frank trestle was a lobster
for Halloween
[Music]
you
[Music]
are their parents in the crowd yeah so
the parents in the crowd I want to make
sure you know this you're not special
and I'm tired of your [ __ ] because
parents walk around like having a kid
makes you special that's not true
raising a good kid that makes you
special yeah
statistically too many of you are
applauding up but having a kid just
simply having a kid that doesn't make
you special raccoons do that all the
time he has a very pro life as a species
I don't know if you know that a raccoon
has never got an abortion not even one
time I know I shouldn't have told him
abortion joke in the middle of that that
was a weird to do but I had to tell it
once you conceive of that joke if you
don't tell it then it's murder
but the silly joke you don't have to
laugh you know if you're right to choose
whether or not you laugh my point is
it's a right it was a second trimester
my step my point is that it doesn't make
you special to have a child it doesn't
like it takes more effort to order a
pizza it doesn't have a child yeah
no one's ever ordered a piece of my
accident once that ever happened just
open the door oh I was hoping God with
stuff to pieces
problem is of course I don't have any
kids the parents get mad at me want to
talk about them myself I see you guys
talking yeah I'm I'm the wrong person to
[ __ ] with during his death by the way um
yeah because you think it's probably
it's wrong with me to talk about this
because I don't have any kids I've been
through labor that's but that wouldn't
happen no matter what
[Laughter]
look I don't know where you're from but
where I'm from Junior with a fictional
movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger a long
time ago and a really shitty one and
that's the only time a comedian is ever
going to reference that movie in a set
ever or any human being because no one
ever saw that movie but the point is men
don't get pregnant we all on the same
page now okay because there was some
confusion there what happened what about
men with vaginas what the [ __ ] just
happened this got so [ __ ] weird and
by the way the people who started this
[ __ ] or now just talking amongst
themselves they're like we started this
but we're not going to pay attention to
how it works out we sent it down a weird
dark path but we're going to order
another martini hey if you enjoyed that
clip and you want to see more of my
stuff I am hosting a new blog channel
right here at the Laugh Factory
it's called cut of thought you check it
out youtube.com slash cut of thoughts
URLs probably over here somewhere I
think probably a lot of fun stuff one of
the clips is about when they found the
Nazi in Minnesota yeah that's just
happen check out the story
get ready edible little weed marijuana
gummies you have really oh look at you
all right I'm a cool dad all right
Oh a long time ago they changed a lot
sir you just sprinkled a blunt in the
cinnamon roll and you're like attaboy
you can go to the store and buy them now
it's weird cuz like you don't know when
an edibles gonna hit you or how long
it's gonna last like you can either edit
blow and be a Walmart like two weeks
later like [ __ ] okay okay I gotta live
here now I gotta live here
I don't like frozen foods this is what I
got to do now I got to do it see what's
funny is in Vegas you can go to a store
you can buy a little package and got the
nutritional facts the THC all that stuff
but my buddy makes them okay and he has
no idea what he's doing okay but they're
free and I'm all for a bargain you know
so he'll ham and edible he like this is
ten milligrams and I'm like how do you
know that he's like well I got a hundred
milligrams now chopped up ten pieces I'm
like that's not it's not how that works
at all Jeff all right so one day I ate
an edible when I went to a petting zoo
and that would best damn day of my life
okay I am high as hell holding a koala
bear night it's talking to me it's like
get me out of here I'm like I promise I
will I will
you're like a wide squirrel I love it as
I'm starting to leave the petting zoo
the zoo keeper goes hey mr. Davis I
heard you're a huge fan of penguin so we
decided to bring out Robbie the penguin
and I started losing my mom because I'll
be honest I was high and I didn't know
penguins are real okay
I know it sounds dumb but CGI is great
you know right this little penguin comes
wobbling out it is full 4d okay I'm
losing my mind I'm like dude can I touch
it
and he goes actually if you sit down
Robbie will come run and jump into your
lap I'm like no the hell he won't okay
sock crisscross applesauce immediately
right I swear to God the penguin sees me
sit down lights up with joy locks eyes
with me runs over there jumps into my
lap but then he starts humping my life
and I'm like what this ain't how it
happened on happy feet so this is
discovery after dark I don't know what
this is I looked at the guy like what's
going on with your ping when he goes I
don't know it's fine it just means
Robbie really likes you that's not an
excuse here or in court sir okay I
assumed he liked Matt and think I was
being hate [ __ ] by a penguin right now
you know has it been a hard week at the
zoo he's letting off some steam then he
goes we know man you're wearing shorts
you were kind of asked oh this is my
fault now okay I didn't mean it rips too
[ __ ] at the zoo I apologize by the way
the whole time we're talking the ping
was just humping away and I'm like dude
can you get him off he goes he'll get
himself off in a minute I'm like not
funny it's not funny but he got up you
know he finished it was a gooey little
cigarette was chilling you know the cool
thing I was so messed up though because
I was like dude are all penguins like
this right are they all little perverse
is the [ __ ] we don't see you know and he
goes no Robbie's probably a little ants
he's been in lockup for two weeks and I
was like what is lockup he's like you
know I'm like I haven't give me a
thousand guesses I won't guess what
lockup is for a penguin he goes okay
well Robbie got into a little scuffle
okay he bit another penguins eye out and
ate it so we had to lock him in a cage
this is his first day out in two weeks
and I'm like oh thank you you gave me
the Ted Bundy of penguins I appreciate
that
he's a convicted felon Amaya's parole
officer you know he's been in a cage
doing push-ups for two weeks thinking
about his day out when I get out of this
cage I'm [ __ ] the first person I see
and they better not be wearing shorts
like I will say though even though I was
technical being molested by a penguin
they're some of the cutest animals you
will ever see because if you close your
eyes and imagine how a penguin humps
that's exactly how a penguin I'm it's
like a cartoon okay they get their feet
pull them sideways like this wrap around
your leg lock in okay
then to generate power in their hips and
trust me they generate power in their
hips they wave their arms like this I
swear to God okay how cute is the head
that's how I have sex from here on out
okay my girlfriend's like I'm coming
with ya
that's my move you up in and I'll steal
that [ __ ] all right
[Music]
you
[Music]
I wish it in like pretty girls life
would be a lot easier if I didn't like
women that were out of my league it's a
big problem for me like if I just liked
horrible shapes just terrible looking
alley cats just like under the bridge
just like shadow creatures you can't
even make them out like I'm in the city
at night with my friends we pass a dark
alley all I hear is like hang out boys I
think I hear a princess how'd you get
all the way up there what are you doing
pull-ups uh-uh
that is a beautiful language you got
beautiful red eyes it would be better it
would and here's why because I like
women out of my league and then I got a
hit on you but then you girls could be
mean like you're very mean to God don't
be so mean like women will turn you down
right away and then say things you
didn't need to know about yourself like
just say no you already want like a bit
a bar I finally get that confidence I'm
like hey how you doing she's like oh
you're weird you have a horrible body
like you have a terrible body
you're really gonna touch me like your
body pushes and you know your body
pushes in and stays pushed in you have
like a tempurpedic body you know that
right no it's good to know just stay
here for a second my friends need to see
this a man dad David he's gay don't
worry Oh Kristin come here please no
bring your drinks look at this pushing
the body everybody pushing the body
stays pushed in it's crazy it's like a
pillow look at that you have a pillow
tempur-pedic body your pillow body
that's what you are now go drink and see
what happens
so I hated a diner this week because
things are going well and uh if you have
the money you should treat yourself you
know what I mean
diners are my favorite restaurants
because they have everything you could
ever want no matter what you know what I
mean diner risk diner menus have like
180 items on the menu and they're all
ready immediately which is not how food
works diners are the only restaurants
that have lobster and pancakes on the
same page of a menu and even if they get
your order wrong the right one is still
ready they're like here's your pancakes
you're like oh dude lobster really oh
sorry
here's your lobster you're like I don't
want that lobster that was in your apron
diners run by Greek people or Turkish
people those are the only countries in
the world that have the ancient secret
of how to store 180 food items in one
kitchen that are ready right now but I
was in a diner in Indiana one time run
by Chinese people I had never seen that
before
Chinese is running a diner sorry uh
[ __ ] these Chinamen are running a
diner I don't know why that's a slur
that's the dumbest insult ever it's just
the country you're from and man China
man if you called me America man I'd be
like [ __ ] yeah Toby Keith
so the waiter comes over he's like what
can I get you and I was like you should
call this place to China and he was like
what I was like we're having fun
so I get up to go to the bathroom right
in the door to the bathroom not only is
it not locked it's open a crack so I
just swung the door open and my second
biggest fear happened guy right there
ten inches away taking a dump I contact
boom I say my second biggest fear
because my first biggest fear is
obviously being that guy that's the
worst thing that can happen anybody at a
shiner here's how normal people react if
someone walks in on them in a public
bathroom because they forgot to lock the
door ready it's um this guy looked me
dead the eye and didn't blink he goes
give me a minute chief
I didn't know you could do that I didn't
know you could be the confident one and
a conversation with a stranger when your
pants are around your ankles I thought I
was dreaming I was like am i completely
naked how the [ __ ] are you in charge
right now your parents are still
together aren't they that's too much
self-esteem for one person
but the way I'm here with a visa I mean
I'm legal
I'm a legal immigrant you know some of
you guys are worried about this someone
from Texas sorry which burn fixes are
you Dallas
oh that's the worst one no that's really
a lot of worse than that I we do for a
living
oh that was that was bad that's it
were you really Oh doing something for
Lizzie what the hell is that concept
gonna remember your job your nanny okay
did your fruity where are the kids like
you're you're never good at this you're
like I think I'm I'm a doctor that's
Dallas it's before yeah I I'm a legal
immigrant I'm a legal immigrant and this
is true I have a visa that is cold
Oh one visa for an extraordinary talent
that's the name of my visa yes yes
according to the government the show
that you're watching right now is
extraordinary
thank you I appreciate that sound sir
but it's up to you you know they already
decided this
they had a meeting it was Kobe Bryan
Oprah and I think a Burin Lincoln
probably was there and then we're like
yeah this guy is just extraordinary
there's people crossing the border with
her kids suffering that's not quite
extraordinary
like the sign so impression of that guy
we need more of that in this country
[Applause]
[Music]
everything here is a buffet everything
in Las Vegas is a buffet breakfast
buffet lunch buffet dinner buffet that's
dangerous yeah I came here on Monday
weigh-in 174 pounds and we got to be
careful listen folks I don't care what
your politics are I don't care if you're
Republican Democrat independent I'll
give your conservative or liberal I just
know that my health insurance has gotten
up three times more than that one I was
paying before I'm not better
I'm just saying and I got a friend of my
cheese 4 foot 11 97 pounds and she's
going you gotta eat better you gotta eat
smarter
you gotta eat healthier and I'm looking
at her thinking you gotta [ __ ] eat a
sandwich for god sakes
can you guys stop googling things about
your body to find out about your body
you got a google thing I started
googling [ __ ] about my body I went to
WebMD I'm putting turn one bindi and
that's when I found out then I'm I'm
seven months pregnant
[Laughter]
with twins I'm gonna be on the Maury
Povich Show next week we'll find out who
the baby daddy is I think we got him
this time
you guys getting sick matter of fact you
gotta get yourself up sick bit get 50
does anyone in your own a Fitbit if you
put it put your head up your own Fitbit
Amir sit there you go brother Fitbit
it's all right
it measures your steps right tell you
how many steps you that's all she told
you you gotta do 10,000 steps if you do
10,000 steps every day that's all you
know and it just measures the steps
10,000 step do 10,000 stepping you're
gonna be fine 10,000 steps walking out
I'm done yeah I set my hotel room and I
watched porn put 75,000 steps on that
son of a [ __ ]
[Applause]
because I'm a health nut that's why see
sender told me things you guys know to
guide you if you lose some weight you
won't feel better try the rice diet and
that's all I ate was rice for three
weeks right rice in the morning
afternoon to nuuma onion right sunday
right Cerrone well I dress like a bride
and groom it was a long train to just
father you women have taken that thing
to a whole new level ladies be happy to
where you are something it came up that
phrase perfect sizing y'all bit into
that [ __ ] believing there's a
perfect size there isn't the way you are
right now as long as you're healthy as
long as you're happy you are the perfect
size and personally yes yeah and
personally I love women who got some
meat on to me one thing when I'm making
love when a grandma and there's not one
of them
right I don't wanna make love and go
doing my pelvic noise on the women
finished my pinky bitching about losing
single-digit pounds at least when
they're like my imitation of a [ __ ]
woman pounds
what pound it with a dress you love
making your buttons won't be point four
pounds like I should forfeit I fart
about a half and the diet programs my
god I was gonna play you guys were here
Wilmington North Carolina okay I was
doing a movie project there while I was
there I take a couple days off and I go
to a yard sale right because that's kind
of money i rolling so at the yard woman
who had had me close to 500 pounds but
she had this beautiful angelic face and
that her yard sale she was selling the
Richard Simmons deal-a-meal mirror that
diet program the deal it's a deck of
playing cards it tells what you could
eat well mam a buck fifty why so cheap
she got pissed up because that work once
you get a bad hand what the hell
happened
you got pot roast
Go Fish
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I like mixed-race girls are you mixed up
said that occasion chick
what do you mix with German alright I've
got nothing to add to that she's just
the agent chick half German half Asian
cute mixed face girls are always fine it
don't matter who the parents are could
be the two ugliest people from each race
they will have to find us daughters you
don't say they would combine their
unfortunate looking powers together and
have to find us daughters like every
time you see a mixed-race girl you'd be
looking at them and disbelief like oh my
gosh shorty you are off the chain you
mean to tell me that little Wayne and
Susan Boyle
are your parents
this your homegirl Wow
you're a dime for real for real you mean
to tell me that I go from the Lord of
the Rings and the woman who shot Selina
are your parents salmon you got to be
the baddest one of them all you're so
fine you are preposterous lis fine you
need to tell me that the ShamWow guy and
the girl from the movie precious it goes
all ladies oh man did we all not see the
same movie it's a movie I saw she look
like a dude from The Blind Side
President Trump out here
Harvey Weinstein out here everybody's
out here I'm just saying what watch out
Harvey Weinstein making the president
look like mr. Rogers right you know
Trump was he was happy when that news
broke you know
disgusted disgusting individual
repulsive repulsive okay folks I'm in
the locker room locker room talk Harvey
Weinstein's out on the field put up
numbers like a goddamn MVP I'm in the
locker room just talking I love the way
Trump tweets
he's so efficient right you guys heard
the expanded Twitter from 140 characters
to 280 characters you heard this
Millennials
you didn't hear this you ain't 24
president truck he's so efficient he
always he states a fact and he has an
opinion right school shooting children's
lives lost tragic Pokemon
they're everywhere hard to catch elusive
very elusive
he doesn't need 140 though he get he
could do the whole [ __ ] he he's so
efficient he only needs 30 characters
right to say what happened and and you
get his whole how he feels about it he
could just be like Kim Jung
unpredictable Kim Jung uncooperative Kim
Jung under five foot six he's not that
tough folks cute little Chinese men
adorable for my money
I just think Obama was the [ __ ] you know
yeah let him know let him know he could
do anything you just come up into the
Laugh Factory right thank you thank you
thank you
thank you thank you come on sit down
let's sit down let's get this show
started
Michelle's out Michelle's got girls
night out
Barack's got a free pass what the hell
is that
well the holes in the building you could
tell what kind of mood he's in depending
on the pitch and the tone of his voice
right well bent down here it's it's a
little more serious let me guess up here
it's a little more playful at me
[Applause]
terrorists attack us just occurred
absolutely tragic these events continue
to transpire that's uh I'll tell you one
thing I [ __ ] with Kendrick Lamar okay
that boy got bars am i right
[ __ ] Swift that means I like him right
and it sounds a little inappropriate
it's not what the kids would eat that's
my favorite Obama Obama trying to be
cool but he's not teach me how to dougie
I know Dougie fresh that's my time guys
I'm Derek me okay you guys so much for
coming out
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I'm comedian man I'm used to racism man
I did with the dolls in time and [ __ ]
racism this whole [ __ ] I was doing the
show in Cedar Lake India sounds racist
the whole time I was there they kept
asking me you wanted you wanna see the
lake
I was in Cedar Lake Indiana for four
days I finally got up enough courage to
lead a hotel I was hungry
walked in this diner you could you could
smell the bigotry in their [ __ ] place
they look at you walked into the counter
before I'd open my mouth to do their
come on now homeboy I walk the [ __ ]
evening to do now we all want no trouble
with your money's no [ __ ] he was
right ahead in pocket full of fake $20
bills
no psychic races so a lot of things been
pissing me off I just never said nothing
about it and I feel like tonight it's a
good night
I get pissed off somebody take too long
to tell me a story and then at the end
of the story they've got the nerve to
say them to make a long story short
meaning Tillman is a shorter version of
this guy
I hate when I see things and they don't
make sense I hate when I meet an
overweight person it doesn't know how
I'm like how did you do this you
stretched your skin to the point of no
return but not at least one good recipe
to show that you like a fat ass Jesus
it's my life I was in Cedar Lake in the
police pull me over I'm like damn it but
I had to think fast cops pulled me about
with speed I'm not safe okay sure you
put me over the edge before driver's
license my insurance look at the picture
he says sir why your eyes bloodshot red
I had to say officer I'm suffering from
an allergic reaction to marijuana
[Music]
he's like you know what I never heard of
[ __ ] like that man going on smoke your
[ __ ] weed at home
[Music]
it's not food it's not good place to
date at all la is not won in places man
you gotta have your money right like I
really have Ebola and eight broken their
legs we don't treat you right
cuz bones you don't realize how broke
your until you add a woman to your life
bro think about it ladies the Olympic
macho man you first met him and how his
house look you see a single man home to
single man we do broke well we don't
even know we living in poverty until
y'all show up single man live like
Katrina victims we have no clue that we
live in terrible we don't know give us
to go to single my house he has no extra
nothing here no extra towels no area hey
I want everything one towel one pot one
plate like hey when you're done eating
can I borrow your place I wanna I don't
wanna eat my rice out my hand and burn
it can I just borrow yup you got one
spoon - whenever you're done that just
so you'll me and II got no furniture you
invoice house you know we have like
entertainment centers use a TV sitting
on the floor like a homeless man
every single warehouse with the exact
same we got the cheap load touch lamp
little IKEA lamp not the go from Target
to stand up straight is too cheap when
the you want Delaney Oh citizen recorder
with a smooth criminal lien like your
lamp like saying you might want to spit
you touch it
your lamb looks a bro takes your lamb
so I'm Asian I live with my mom for a
long time because I'm Asian I'm a comic
right I just milk that free rent [ __ ]
anybody that [ __ ] right there
like I'm gonna [ __ ] live with my mom
long enough like if I could like buy a
brand new Honda or somebody I don't know
but then I won Last Comic Standing and
then I moved out because I need to get
some depressed white [ __ ] and I'm
saying this is the church group I just
lost you guys on white [ __ ] this guy's
a traitor but I moved out and
unfortunately my mother moved in with me
that's what I want people like what you
win from Last Comic Standing is I don't
want to be a nice mother [ __ ] blocker in
the kitchen that's what I want anybody
tried living with Asian parents of
course you guys you guys it's the worst
man you can bring anybody home just
waiting at home with a visor on her face
she's gotta [ __ ] napkins she stole
from McDonald's you can't hang around
with any other race and be cool and your
parents are stealing napkins for
McDonald's and I mean what thousand
nothing here what thousand up here we
win I'm gonna have it my way back from
Hank I discover she's I come wishes
Advisor she's done that seriously I try
to bring my white friends home she's
chopping chicken on the floor because I
see your pants do that wait on sup sup a
[ __ ] Anthony Bourdain special or some
like that [ __ ] third-world country
just like a counter right next to her
it's chopping chicken on the floor like
we're in [ __ ] Vietnam with dirt on
the floor
[Music]
where's my freest drivers man where's my
yeah there we go we got some virgins in
the house I love the attitude on the
Prius drivers along so right the Prius
drivers obviously in the Prius drivers
with their attitude they're like I Drive
a Prius oh I get to drive in the carpool
lane whoo I get home 25 minutes early
to nobody but that little tree that's
probably the first car joke ever in 3d
how about that folks a lot of cars man
holy God everywhere you looked a smart
car anybody driving the smart car huh
does still qualify as a smart car if you
look like a dumbass driving it
oh man we love our electronics people
meeting each other now dating online you
ever do that flapjack ass huh date
online I read an article in a magazine
the other day this is for all the single
guys read an article the other day said
that the ladies are back into the cute
stuff again right article went on to say
that the ladies are back into the
chocolates and the Mickey Mouse's and
the flowers right so here I am at a club
the other night I see some hottie
standing up against the wall right I
walk right up to her I'm thinking okay
I'll try the cute approach a looker
right in the eyes and I say hey how's it
going
[Applause]
Oh golly can I buy you a drink or
something she just looked right back at
me she's like
[Applause]
[Music]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome the
current Commissioner of Comedy
mr. Jerry Seinfeld
thank you very much thank you I am the
Commissioner of comedy I have been
working in comedy clubs for 14 years you
know you hear these old comedians on
talk shows talking about you know Johnny
it's too bad there's no place for the
young comedians to be bad anymore thanks
to places like this there are places to
be bad places where you can sit in the
audience and go you know this is really
bad I am so glad there's a place for it
but I am going to throw out the first
joke and here it is man's working at a
security guard at a museum
guarding a dinosaur
that's not the funny part man walks up
to him and says excuse me how old is
this dinosaur and the guy says this
dinosaur is 2 billion and 4 years so
that's amazing how can you pinpoint that
so accurately as well I started working
here four years ago and he was two
billion that is the first joke thank you
very much congratulations
I love that you're drinking white wine
that's so classy you are a classy yeah
you just look you exude class likely
that I don't like a girl who drinks a
lot of vodka cranberries cuz that just
means that she's an alcoholic trying to
get rid of a urinary tract infection
girls clapping that's what he's drinking
I don't drink I had to quit drinking
because I kept drunk dialing people
she's like the worst thing ever like
have you ever been so drunk you tried to
text message someone from a payphone do
you guys know what pay phones sorry
2012 one time I got so drunk I prank
called the Navy and they will call you
right back going hello this is the
United States Navy I was like b6 and
then I hung up they call me back five
seconds later it's a federal offense to
prank call the Navy and you sunk our
battleship you owe us 200 Clegg I'm
talking to you anymore
I love Las Vegas I'm here all the time
but these hotels [ __ ] you on the prices
they [ __ ] you so bad I'm staying at
Circus Circus I'm not trying to brag the
[ __ ] was $70 on Priceline I check in
this [ __ ] behind the front desk he's
like well Eric we need to authorize your
credit card an extra $65 for incidentals
I'm like I don't know what that means
he's like well that's in case you damage
the room we charge you $65 I'm like it's
only $65 to trash this room I'll throw
the [ __ ] TV out the window are you
serious I'll burn this [ __ ] to the
ground
[Laughter]
$65 that's the cheapest thing to do in
Vegas David Copperfield's a hundred
bucks I'll make [ __ ] disappear myself
where's the coffee machine abracadabra
then they're like it's an extra $25 for
the resort fee of the resort resort I'm
sorry is this sandals in Jamaica or
Circus Circus
where's the [ __ ] beach by the trapeze
or the clown car this is a goddamn motel
6 with a [ __ ] clown on the walls what
is this piece of [ __ ] resort thing but
oh that's to use the phone in your room
oh well thank Jesus there's a phone in
my room I don't have a cell phone you
[ __ ] idiot it's only 2017 I've been
waiting to use the circus circus Layla
I've been trying to call the bearded
lady for markzware tell her to shave and
meet me at the bull fat I am so horny
right now like no you can call all the
rooms in the hotel I don't know anyone
[ __ ] staying at Circus Circus
you think I rented this [ __ ] out for a
family reunion grabbing Nana's birthday
under the big top this year who
decorated this hotel Satan dark creepy
ass clarion call over the walls I'm
terrified of this [ __ ] give me money
get me $25 for therapy cuz someone
painted [ __ ] Stephen King's it behind
my back I just [ __ ] in my pajamas they
had the nerve to have souvenirs like I
want people to know I stayed at Circus
Circus I got walk around in a [ __ ]
circus shirt
roommate a Dimi instructor says the
bellagio they should sell that in the
lobby then we go on like flapjacks
give me a hat that says I didn't stay at
Circus Circus
give me the [ __ ] circus circus' koozie
give me three of those even the slot
machine sucks you hit the jackpot you
get to go to another hotel that's the
problem you're going to Hooters thank
you Jesus Jesus has blessed us with
tired of it and these gift shops in this
hotel this is an atrocity
I know prices are jacked up cuz it's
Vegas but it's a Sierra Mist is seven
dollars you people should burn in hell
for this how much is a sprite a million
dollar I'm playing craps look what are
you trying to win a [ __ ] bag of chips
I'm start getting some Doritos Oh Nate
please God I'm getting rude with real
chairs put the ruffles on the field
I need more chips
[Music]
I asked my grandmother ha she stayed
married to my grandpa for so long 57
years before my grandpa you know shot
himself the line nobody knows how my
grandpa died he died at home standing up
in his living room looking out his
livingroom window as he did every day
watching the world devolve and by the
way if there's anybody here between the
ages of 21 and 30
you killed my grandpa Millennials killed
my grandpa he saw the world every day
devolve and become more sensitive and
complaining and fragile abuzer
and finally his body said look it he
died there's only so much you can take
of seeing the world and like oh my god
their clothing their pets but leashing
their children but why they're
artificially darkening their skin but
they're bleaching their anuses
[Music]
I feel like my grandpa and this room
full of young people how old are you 20
you're walking feeded all right what
exactly when I was in school all the
kids in my class had parents that drank
and smoked when they were pregnant with
us and guess what we never had in my
whole school of [ __ ] peanut allergy
parents these days are busy eating
holistic organic vegan Fairtrade food
and their babies are allergic to bread
right I get it baby
that's a civilization started with
thousands on readers because of the
ability of humans who make and eat bread
but now you're telling me somehow
mysteriously we're like is that a true
time you're supposed to drink and smoke
when you're pregnant that way the
nicotine and the alcohol molecules bond
with your double helix and when
allergies combine your body's like
Fogell
there's a better time back in the day
you didn't have food allergies or
attention deficit you were itching and
stupid you don't even notice that 20
years old look back in the day when you
check into a hotel they gave you a key
I'm talking about a key a metal shard
with jagged edges only on one side so
you knew which way was up and you put it
incorrectly buttersworth dry how about
that now they gave you that credit card
shaped piece of [ __ ] plastics and
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
maybe it's your fault maybe it's this
thing fault nobody knows like a dumb
answer at your door for a half an hour
trying to 72 different permutations of
hard in the hole you can shake it for
some reason look it's a ballpoint pen
and you're trying to get all the
information to one end of the card or
I've seen people do this because they're
geniuses they rub it
clearly for negative ions I'll rectify
the Magnificat Newman you still doesn't
work you go talk to the mouse breeding
in the minimum wage here at the front
desk
hey Mikey doesn't work and they taught
you oh don't tell me you put it in your
wallet of course I did
well that damag denies it oh well how
about don't make a shape like the things
that go in a [ __ ] wallet
[Applause]
my grandpa ate gluten three times a day
young lady you know he was intolerant of
[ __ ] hunger how about that
everybody thinks uber and lyft these
days I feel sorry for cab drivers I bet
they're trying to trick people like no
does yeah
why is your car yellow [ __ ] don't
worry about it get then everybody takes
over and lifts because it's slightly
cheaper than a cab but what you saving
money you pay for in conversation with
the driver right nothing is free you'll
be halfway through your trip and be like
you know I guess I never really did get
over my parents divorce you you can let
me out here I have a lot of thinking to
do
the crazy thing is like people will talk
to the lyft driver all day like up and
down they'll talk about but if your cab
driver was like what do you do for work
you'd like enough with the chitchat
Achmed
try to get some work done it's a double
standard talk to awesome Eddie's at an
interesting life you might learn a thing
or two you know it'd be like you know
you're able to escape up to Pakistan I
evaded gunfire I lived in a ditch for
six months surviving on beetles you know
that's like some bear grylls you're like
oh I had no idea man that's crazy like I
cannot Beatles they freak me out now I
cannot eat any more beetles I get it man
I get it you talked to your lyft driver
he's like then the band had creative
differences
that sounds really difficult chat it was
just Dylan wanna go solo he was the
heart of the band did you ever think
that one day your cab drivers would just
be random people with free time on their
hands never how do you not know that one
day your house won't be on fire and some
21 year old kill the smartphone will
show up like hey what's up I'm your
firefighter almost the closest one to
the blaze
don't worry stand back I brought a super
soaker everything's under control
getting a lot of pressure this is good I
will be honest the fire's a lot bigger
than I thought it would be oh [ __ ] it's
Dylan the band's getting back together
sweet good luck with the fire bro the
problem the biggest problem I think with
uber and lyft is that it's made getting
into random cars so commonplace right
you'll get into a truck you'll get into
an SUV you'll get into a smart car when
you got into a cab you knew you were
getting into a cab like people don't
even look for the mustache anymore like
I could take my car tonight just go to a
bar at 2:00 a.m. spill okay somebody get
an uber her
some drunk I'd be like I'll catch you
guys later to you here yeah take me I
can just drive to the woods and murder
this guy he was being his phone the
whole time
wait this isn't West Hollywood
my kids are that age where they stare
you know I mean if I see somebody it
looks a little different too big too
small they point Oh put your hands down
Danny look they start giggling you know
my son is polite he'll say like the
scientific term we saw a little
personally you like look dad dwarf is
amorphous I've read about them my
daughter she walks right up to dude
what's wrong with you why you got a head
like a man dude for a boy man or
whatever you is all right what's your
name
Oh your hands is soft daddy why is he
like a little pillow you ever touch this
hey can I get an autograph you will open
loop all right
what time I got us a trouble we're at a
subway in New York and it's crazy
looking derelict came on the subway and
it was you know bother people I was I go
everybody be quiet just you know just
relax
my daughter was looking at me what's
wrong with his eye I think fast I was
like same thing wrong with your eye
[Applause]
I'm shallow dog I'm like really shallow
I like that like a like my brother
called me from jail and I he called me
from jail and he he was like yo Jamar it
happened to me dog
what do you mean [ __ ] got raped and I
said but you ain't got no ass convicts
don't got no type of standards you want
a [ __ ] to cellblock with a fatter
asking you though oh I meant yeah man
that's messed up the whole family was
shocked
except for my son from my uncle dawg
he's like 300 pounds but he's been to
jail and he was into like that ain't
that ain't nothing I got titty [ __ ]
prison like what yeah I got titty [ __ ]
you can put his dick right here on my
chest I got our pretty easy didn't not
like no you didn't get off easy a man
put his penis in between your chest
that's disgusting
I don't care yeah I go to jail you rape
me with some respect you turn me around
like you did everybody else you know I
got real when he had to go
that's what a tears start flowing
I have a huge and multiracial family
actually have 11 brothers and here's how
that happened so my parents got divorced
when I was two my mom and stepdad have
been together since I was four and my
Santa is black I have two black step
brothers for adopted brothers were black
two Vietnamese brothers a Chinese
brother and two white brothers and I'm
right in the middle
age-wise like picture a college brochure
it's pretty much what it looks like now
you see my family photo your first
thoughts I yeah go there good school
state school affordable okay this is we
grew up together I no one has any racial
stereotypes so it takes me a minute to
get them yeah
and what time a guy told me a racist
joke I saw you two asking me an earnest
question because there's a black guy
Hispanic guy in the Asian guy in the
back of a car who's driving I was like
my mom I don't know
you got to give me more information man
when was this like Tuesday's or soccer
practices now this is all like you need
a ride just say you need a ride man
would it be riddles also when I wrapped
the guest stereotypes I'm always off
because I just based them all my
brother's behavior like what I'm a
common friend of mine I was writing a
joke he's like dude I need a Chinese
stereotype you have a Chinese brother
right I like it man
Chinese people eat all the deviled eggs
and Thanksgiving it's like that might be
too specific
I'm not sure pheasant across-the-board
Chinese thing I'm like Oh trust me
they're all doing it from what I've seen
okay so I was like a weird questions
from people I found my family breakdown
what my favorite dumped poison I ever
got I bet at least five people have
asthma so what was the racial dynamic
like in a house with so many different
races are you talking about the family
not a spike Lee movie like there's no
racial dynamic like you think I'm going
around accusing my stepdad of stealing
all the good white women or something
also I grew up in a predominantly black
neighborhood
it wasn't till like I really don't have
any white friends at all so I got to
college so it was until I was like 17
that I found out everyone doesn't
slather their bodies in lotion to three
times a day so that's how I was raised
my mentality was like we might not agree
on everything but we're all fighting the
war on nationís right
it's the one thing we have as Americans
my freshman year of college
in my dorm room it's me and five other
white guys I just met we're playing
Madden and I pause the game to put cocoa
butter on my elbows as soon as I hit the
pump on the cocoa butter they just look
at me like it's a bunch of jackoff right
now I love defense too but I'm not in
love with defense and I can tell they're
looking at me weird but I don't know why
so I offer them some good I know is that
kind of party
then I start rubbing it on my elbows and
they're like you can put dick sauce on
your arms and we all learned something
that day
all right things like guys
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
anyone been to destination wedding if
you don't know what it is it's a wedding
you get invited to where you have to go
somewhere really far away exotic and
super [ __ ] expensive and if you don't
go you're not their friend anymore
that's that's pretty much how it works
and you know you usually can't do it
because because you're working a job and
they're like whoo I thought we were
friends so then you have to quit your
job which is a play in northern New
Jersey I'm Chyna real [ __ ] job dad
and then you're like cool I'm gonna go
to this wedding and then you realize
that your ex-girlfriend is in a wedding
party so they need intensive therapy for
two months just in order to handle that
[ __ ] debacle right and that clears
out your checking account so then you
have to go into your savings account and
that covers the taxi to the airport and
then and then you got to get a flight to
beautiful Hawaii right so that's just a
simple matter of going back to your bank
and taking out a small home equity loan
so you can forward to go to why so you
can fly a [ __ ] spirit airline in this
zone five and then um and then you get
there right put your paradise right
buddy high-five there it is us amazing
your friends at awesome man
what hotel are you staying at and then
you're like [ __ ] I gotta get a hotel
I didn't know that so then you try to
find like a really hot young who's
brought bride bridesmaid my friend's
sister and stay with her does a joke
Mike and she's and she thinks you're old
she's like no thanks mister so uh then
you got to have your other friend offer
you a [ __ ] rollaway army cot so you
can sleep in this bathroom but listen
it's totally worth it right it's totally
worth it there you are these resorts are
amazing I made their these huge lavish
extravagant buffets totally free all you
got to do is write down your
ex-girlfriends room number and you don't
have to pay for [ __ ] I don't do that
totally worth it beautiful beautiful
weddings I'm so glad you came they're so
happy that makes it worth it like what
did you get me for a wedding gift and
then you're like [ __ ] I didn't get away
gift and like it's okay we're ready to
start at Tesla so uh so then I go to a
bank in Hawaii and [ __ ] rob it but
it's totally worth it Sarah mines
awesome and it's time to go home
everyone's going like what flaky take
back and you're like [ __ ] I gotta
so I'm guessing you guys don't have a
job that's why you're here on Monday
all right all you're a-peein staying in
the youth hostel what's my god
all right good talk so far thanks for
wearing a shawl we're cool
soon as I said it I was like please let
her have arms soon as I said the way
you're wearing about she's gonna find
out no arms and then she didn't clap
let's [ __ ] it all up
the furs around her neck somebody has to
get the money for her and paint
something with her feet afterwards it's
been a fantastic turned out getting arms
you just playing with your teeth that's
why masturbatory night at the front of
the [ __ ] room of the lat hi Frank
good for you I know this armless [ __ ]
pervert sure ain't
Tommy sorry it's always a relative it's
always a relative that takes you out
mm-hmm is she cold everywhere is it just
here don't wear a t-shirt but I'm
bringing a sweater [ __ ] in to put
over my hands
thanks guys thanks for that
well you got a [ __ ] scarf Jesus
October in [ __ ] Los Angeles and you're
calling me [ __ ] pansy get my sweater
miked up down to [ __ ] 70 tonight my
chances did you have a baby here's my
own you gave him away for adoption
tonight I found him
because it seems cold and he seems like
he might be your child to tell me why
yeah mother as soon as I said it was
like please don't let his mom be dead or
armless welcome
[Applause]
[Music]
my wife has jobs the she's in charge oh
she's in charge of all the shopping all
the [ __ ] shopping she's in charge of
that [ __ ] she put this outfit together
had a sticky note that said Monday I'm
like her personal little build-a-bear
she bothers it she buys it she brings it
I don't [ __ ] shop
sometimes I shop I go in there to Macy's
or might you know where I fit where the
mannequins are like a [ __ ] man I sit
there and I protect her [ __ ] I protect
it and my wife shops and big shops and
gathers she gathered and I watch her she
grabbed [ __ ] puts it on her arm she
grabs hook putting her arm she'll have a
sack this [ __ ] higher I go we're not
buying all that are we no but I don't
want some other [ __ ] to get it and I
just sit there with the mannequins
hungry there's another married man over
there with the other mannequins he's
defending his shoot I defend my [ __ ] how
we [ __ ] do it
my wife she's in charge of all the
shopping including the grocery shopping
I'm not allowed to go grocery shopping
because I fight dumb [ __ ] I wrote by
Capri Suns I don't give a [ __ ] I don't
even have a kid but I will buy [ __ ]
this print run when I was a kid I would
see the commercials and go dad I would
like to have some Capri Sun and my dad
would say well when you had money
[ __ ] I'll have money now I
don't give a [ __ ]
I'll drink back leave it there I don't
give a [ __ ] fine [ __ ]
I'm not allowed to go grocery shopping
because I bite dumb [ __ ] my wife does
all the grocery shopping and I sit at
home and then she comes home and
announces to the whole house that the
groceries are here she invested their
groceries have arrived and then I go my
job is to get him from the car to the
house that's my [ __ ] job and I paused
the TV I put on her slippers and I walk
out so I won TripIt I [ __ ] won TripIt
pile those [ __ ] on up [ __ ] is
dangerous that is not a woman's job you
could lose a finger doing that [ __ ]
sometimes the bag gets caught on your
finger hill we don't pitch out and put
it down and refit it no you just go
[ __ ] man sometimes my wife will get
paper towels and that could [ __ ] up a
one tripper
that's a [ __ ] but what I do is I throw
them on the floor and I kick
yeah played a cop this is the problem
this is really bad played a cop on TV
problem is now I think I'm a cop in real
life you guys I'm driving down sunset
right here Ogden 4:30 in the morning I
say three guys four guys standing over
one guy four guys I can't really pulled
up my car I got into my car and you're
not cops to put her hand here a gun I
have my hand back here right
nothing was back here at all and I go
hey I need you four guys I need you for
guys to step over here right all four of
them went okay and they looked over
there guy on the ground tries to go okay
you need to stay because why go an
off-duty cop and then he goes what's
your badge number I didn't know what to
say so I literally just set my phone
number like I didn't know what to say
call 9-1-1 cops show up to cop cars four
cops get out they have their guns out
like this I don't know why I didn't
really I still have my hand back here
right and I go what's going on officer
I'm like oh yeah like I oh yeah I'm an
officer yeah and if I want to be a jerk
cop I can move my ears back so watch
this is me just regular cop and then
jerk up what are you guys can see that
right I'm a jerk cop right now all right
so the cops go what's going on office
when I go arrived on scene 15 minutes
ago there's a single victim and there's
a four suspects and then I just walked
over to my Kia I got in it and I drove
away
where's the guy in the Kia what's going
on
I just realized when I said that you're
why I'm single it just hit me I just hit
me with Nakia no girl ever goes I wanna
take a five eight Jewish guy who drives
a Kia that's nobody's Type O it's a
hybrid let's do anal no one has ever
said that so lonely
it's cool though because I could deal
with it cuz I'm remember I said I'm on
lexapro so I don't really feel much it's
amazing and I have no game with girls
off I don't know why that you're so
pretty like I asked out five girls last
week six girls turned me down that's how
bad it is you guys I'm going to talk to
a girl for like 30 minutes like oh hey
would you like to go out her friend
comes over looks me up and down grabs
her hand and goes
no thank you that's mostly girls
laughing go [ __ ] yourselves how about
that and usually as a comic we don't
want you to respond but I want this one
time women I want you to respond to this
question do you know when you go out
with us for the first time on a date
you're sitting across from us do you
know if that night if you're gonna have
sex with us you do why don't you [ __ ]
[Applause]
how about this I'm not gonna let you
know I'm gonna pay for dinner how about
that how about that
[Music]
you
[Music]
Oh here we go this is all by the way. This is fuckin everything right here. We got
Some who looks like a Nazi next to a black. Eye, which is what I love about Vegas
Cuz I'm sure I'm sure not a Nazi you might have had a phase, but here's the thing
But you made up with it, I don't know maybe you guys met in prison I don't know what's going on
Audience: "Wife 1 and Wife 2."
What's that?
Audience: "Wife 1 and Wife 2."
Don't know what that only in Vegas people that's all I can say hey, okay
Nazi let me tell you something fucking Nazis all right I
Stand by what Nazis aren't on the rise?
There is a rising threat up and that you know how I know this I travel the world okay. I go everywhere
I'm from Virginia. I'm 6 foot tall 200 pounds
blond hair blue eyes
Never once have I been approached by a Nazi to be recruited. I'm the first round draft pick for the fucking Nazi Party, okay
Hi, second round at worst and no one's ever come up to me like hello. Would you like to hear more about the organization?
We have some pamphlets we could show your pops should be interested I
See your fucking was Jeff keys in Vegas. Do you know he's a Jew?
No one's ever tried to recruit me into the fuckin Nazi Party
Nazis are I'm never even look ok I
Was at a hotel a month ago, and I saw a fucking ghost
Okay, no for real like a little girl girl go fuck and I heard that there was a girl ghost freaked me the hotel cordon
all right, I
think I saw UFO I
Even I swear to God I saw a straight male flight attendant, okay
Never seen a Nazi never seen a fucking Nazi never seen a swastika except not on a cartoon. I've never seen that shit
I've never even seen a Hitler much
The only Hitler mustache of all I ever saw was was that brief pair with Michael Jordan had it
- you don't mean I'm saying it's not a fucking toy. Even if Nazis were a threat
Let's say Nazis were bucking on the rise. Do you guys see the protesters in Charlottesville? Did you see those test-tube babies and?
movie bullies from the 80s with their fucking j.crew shirts walking around with their stupid fucking Pottery Barn tiki torches
Were they scary what do you scare those fucking motherfuckers?
What was their big battle him? What was the war cry Jews will not replace us going after the Jews?
Are yeah, you know black people are like shoe we have to hope
This isn't about us, always it's crack of us matzah got it
Jews will not rub places like yeah, you know you're right. They're not gonna replace you
I don't know a lot of Jewish guys look to be assistant manager at the Dairy Queen motherfucker
Not a Walmart greeters named Shecky, okay
What do you all accounts?
Replacing
You know would never complain about Jews replacing them black people
Never you're never gonna get blackboard. You know. Why cuz you're never gonna hear in your lifetime
Subbing in for LeBron James is five-foot-four rookie sensation
rabbi moisture Leibowitz
That would be awesome, though, yo really that would be awesome if the whole NBA was replaced by Jews. That'd be hilarious
the sportscaster just be Jewish bombs
Me fuck you. This is what happens when you guys are at work
I fucking smoke weed, and this is should I think of a Jewish mom sportscaster MBA is fuckin?
Moistures unguarded he goes in for the easy layup Jose. It's another air ball
Well of course he missed he doesn't eat look how weak he is do they feed you down there in Cleveland
I mean you know the food that is terrible the portions are so small and
He singl he know that a man his age is single. Yeah apparently at the shoulder saying he's a failure
What's that the game is over anyway? So this is what happens where I spoke with?
But I have a prescription in the marijuana because I have a couple broken a couple of broken dreams, so
How come they didn't go after the black people of Charlottesville
They went out for the juice a little Cheers
Maybe go over the black, but you know why did God look as they watch sports. Yeah, they know there I can win that war
Cuz black may look better every sport ever invented. Can we admit that every spark we admit that crackers?
They're better every sport that does not involve water, so here's the thing
That's one of the big mysteries in life huh we've all wondered why
You'll be the black friend so what is it?
You are the swim team
And I think you play on a lot of different teams if you know what I'm saying
You had a swim team what varsity take it down a notch, okay?
That's rare, though right it is rare. Huh your whole school is black. What school you go to
Nope, they're not you here at school called TC Williams Remember the Titans movie dens. I watched it
Yeah, there's my high school dog my high school is 70% black and 30% terrified. Let me tell you something
And I plan on the football reverse, I play the football team because every team needs a kicker and
Let me tell you something most black first of all most black man find me hilarious. Not you, but most clack bang
Love me sometimes I feel like a chubby white girl. You know uh?
Unfolding his arms and that joke
Were you
Yes, my my says mostly based on stereotypes here's the thing
Would you I feel like black people usually have says better sense of humor right do you feel that way then?
Why cuz wait till get really upset the old people really like complained about making shit are usually like these uptight white women like oh
I
Can't believe you said that he said the c-word
You said this personal. I would never say to c-word. Okay, cuz it's totally offensive to cons and
Guys I can say that so my best friends are cons, okay, seriously my mom is a half gone
That makes me a quarter come which is enough for a scholarship alright
But black people better says you because you guys
It's a fact yo it is a fact
No for real dude cuz in my highest man after games. Holy shit the locker room. I thought was gonna trip over a dick I
Felt like an en de Jones when he fell in the snake, but got waiver torture, I lose I wouldn't fall over
I
Would never share with the team. I just go home my shoulder pads and please like bye guys my mom
They mock me I get taunted from the showers, what's wrong crap
Won't you shine crap
You scared artists you scared it big black cotton scare that beard back up
Finally I was like I don't need a shower coach oh
Shit sorry Joe there's your penis I didn't have my pottery burn burn tiki torch
That's why they carried him in Charlottesville lady. What jewelry counter protesting black dick
You
this is the only age where you reach for
something and make a sound you did not
mean to make you know I'm talking about
another day I went to pick something up
off the ground the [ __ ] I make this
sound for and what's all these [ __ ]
things in my eyes there's all these
whole things I seen a lot of [ __ ]
floating floating [ __ ] little floating
things body has changed you gotta be
careful I think the scariest part about
being in your 40s and your body changing
is what do they call it gastrointestinal
yeah like last week I sneeze real hard
no my shoulder feel out of place you
thought I was gonna say I shoot it on
myself
sorry I'm not gonna admit that in public
no but I will say you know I no longer
trust my ability to pass gas without
incident that's right I don't trust my
farts anymore I know this you know what
just pass gas with the same confidence
in your 40s as you did in your 20s and
30s in your twenties and thirties you
just walk down the street or river huh
you don't even think about it
now if your forties you walking down the
street your stomach starts to bubble you
got to stop look around and ask yourself
a question do I know anybody live on the
street right here
I might have to knock on a door I don't
think this is gas I can feel this in my
neck he supposed to feel that this is a
gas I'm about to have a stroke one of
the two yeah be careful the real reason
you had to stop was in case you know you
try to do one of those ease outs
nobody's around you try to ease a couple
of them out to test you know you know
you gotta cut that off you gotta cut
that off oh hell no no no that part had
to shoot back to it I don't know a that
part you got to make sure it'll start
coming out too hot too fast feel like
it's starting to get away from you a
little bit when you hear that is not gas
there's something at the gates so real
turn something at the game with somebody
gauge you better hold on to that because
if you don't you gonna be throwing your
drawers away in a Burger King bathroom
have to go back to work for the rest of
the day with no drawers on people don't
even want to bring any work to your
cubicle I just do it I ain't got no
[ __ ] draw
[Music]
you
this wasn't the original dream and
aspirations before this you know what do
you do right now a fitness trainer and
was up the original game plan when you
were a youngster you stepdad did it okay
you put a joker on my collagen Boulevard
in the beetle house where's that oh sure
and so what um okay so now you you must
have gotten really you got you love that
he's the Joker yeah is that like did you
picked that fact out pretty quick he
said my stepdad used to be a trainer and
that's why father's footsteps to me that
was interesting enough you know I was
like [ __ ] let's you know I've never
heard of somebody falling in their
stepdads pants you know really
did I look you know Ron is my you know
that's [ __ ] dope but let's okay
you played the Joker you play The Joker
currently yeah at the beetle house has
anyone been to the beetle house okay did
you just
okay it's fun to make up jobs you know
it's fun to make up to play pretend it's
fun to pretend about the things that you
pretend did not do you know that's not a
real place but what the beetle house the
[ __ ] it's a real place you work there -
are you [ __ ] Batman please tell me
you're Batman
don't hit the stage that hard god damn
it this isn't your [ __ ] coffee table
what what what do you you work there -
who do you play you're a building
manager at an elite prep equipment yeah
yeah did you guys just break out of
prison is this your first time outside
in like 16 years cuz you're having a
real difficult time putting sentences
together that make sense to people
that's what being outside is all about
was that it's okay so is it alright well
then let's talk was it your dream to be
the Joker
yeah I will say this I can I have a
decent amount of you know understanding
for being for dressing up and playmate
with my first job idea was play moving
at Universal Studios
you know people heard of that the beetle
house you know Universal Studios is a
real place right I don't know if we were
direct competitors you know what was
real one wasn't you know it's like you
know Diet Coke isn't you know competing
with this you know I'm saying there's
probably a better way to you know what
you get what I'm saying yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh I was gonna stalk about my first
[ __ ] that [ __ ] Skeeter and his
cousin over there my my first I mean I
guess I'll tell you I I had no idea what
to do like I I was similarly aged and he
was too young like I had like I had just
been making out like that was already
that was still cool for me and then like
first [ __ ] and I was just like wow
this seems very unfair and then my
instincts just like took my instincts
just took over as a golden retriever and
I just I just [ __ ] hugged her like I
was like thank you thank you thank you
so much I'm like pretty supple in the
stomach you know I'm I'm covered in
clean burning lamp oil like I can't I
can't hug a girl like that like she I
did that I was like thank you and she
was just like so today was my first time
going outside this is not gonna be a
good transition but we're gonna power
through
I saw a full grown car
getting pulled over by a bike cop
how how did any of this happen yeah how
did how does one become a bike cop in
the first place like that she's like
wait you're not responsible enough for a
horse they're just like me sorry Paul
we don't even want to give you one
horsepower you know you got some strong
little legs here's some shorts and a
Schwinn get out there Batman go solve
crime like how does he pull over a car
to
here's no siren like I'd like I'd love
to imagine that he just has to be his
own siren you know like like he's just
sitting there on this Schwinn just like
[ __ ] barely solving crime like a like
a car just like speeds but it was a
Tesla and just like speeds by and he
just like he's on his [ __ ] bike just
like out of breath just like just like
crying the guys just like pull over I
have a Tesla I'm rich like I feel like
that's what he did like this guy he was
like he was just like I'll just do this
we'll be funny like he's like he's
crying he's crying claiming that bike
cops are how Canada gets police you know
like that so that's how Mounties came to
be they're like I'll do anything for
[Music]
got this buddy who calls me every
weekend hey do you want to go skydiving
no cuz here's the thing man you don't
get your own parachute they just like
strap you to a stranger but he's like
nah he's not a stranger man trained
professional I'm like yeah I don't know
what's going on in his personal life you
know
can I at least see the medicine cabinet
make sure there's no antidepressants in
there before I pay $200 to jump with Ron
so I googled how many people die a year
with a professional on their back it's a
lot about 20 people a year hit the
ground yeah and every article says the
same thing two men fell to their death
as parachute fails and I'm like yeah
sure there's some warriors feeling to
get joint custody I want to go dude I
just feel like I have to interrogate him
the whole flight up
okay how long you been doing this three
years all right was this plan a that's a
wedding ring how's that going well we're
about to find out my biggest fear just
being at 10,000 feet just like oh this
is the greatest thing ever
and the guy in your backs just like chez
Chuck yeah
they got like 30 seconds to talk him out
of it you can see your kids on the
weekend please
I got a two-bedroom and I found out they
only make $40 a jump yeah
what's the average parking ticket in LA
like 68 bucks this guy wakes up to a
parking ticket now he's on the way to
the airfield like man I gotta jump on
the plane twice there's the pay for this
you don't thing he's thinking about that
when it's two minute freefall takes a
girl to a date she doesn't call him back
now we just fallin I ordered the
calamari it's over so happens man gotta
be on the job
[Music]
you
[Music]
if it what are you taking a picture your
daughter is I was just listening right
now oh okay what's your name
Ashley give me the phone oh god you just
spilled Ashley young speaker okay hi
Ashley Ashley Ashley Wow what's wrong
with you I mean how old are you
are you from Long Beach sure how old are
you only him school what is she doing
you don't you know you're the mom right
you in card Ashley what Oh Casey yeah
what's up how old are you
party what are you doing Jesus Christ
oh my god I'm going through the canyons
I'll call you back I
[Applause]
alright I'm standing here and you guys
are all like oh my god you're so sexy
but surprised I actually don't like the
way I look and uh I know that sounds
self-loathing but let me explain I just
I realized that I look like a lot of
people you know and I mean like a skinny
light-skinned black dude with glasses
like you literally see this dude
everywhere you know but it's usually in
a McDonald's commercial during Black
History Month he's doing poetry about
chicken nuggets like they're a dollar
eat them you know so I'm insecure and
that's why I don't like really muscular
dudes cuz muscular dudes ruin sleeveless
shirts for guys who look like me right
you put on a sleeveless shirt is to let
people know if something goes down
you're taking care of it
but I'm skinny you know if I put on
sleeveless shirt like I love them I love
sleeveless shirts and it sucks you know
because like I just want people to know
like you don't have to worry about me
these guns are for drawing origami and
making desserts and that's it alright
I'm not hurting anybody I'm not
defending anybody's honor say what you
want about my mom she's an adult
she'll handle it I made a rookie mistake
the other night guys I got super super
drunk and instead of driving home like a
40 year old divorcee I passed out on my
friend's couch right and while I'm
passed out my friend thinks it's funny
he draws a wiener on my forehead ha ha
ha
prank prank prank it happens right I
wake up the next morning and I just go
out into the world like there's no
reason for me to look at myself right
I'm walking down the street I catch my
reflection and a storefront window I'm
like ah Jeff got me you know so now I'm
staring in a window the Weiner on my
forehead laughing hysterically not
paying attention through the glass
there's a woman sitting there with her
four-year-old daughter
she freaks out and she's like oh my god
what is that on your forehead and I
panicked oh my god I was just like oh
I'm gay
and today is our Ash Wednesday can you
believe that gay ash wednesday up it's a
real thing next 40 days we dance
yeah I got a 13 year old little girl oh
man she says things that this don't make
sense and I spend a ton of time with her
I Drive her to school every single
morning you know and we're in the car
and I'm trying to have a conversation
I'm like but like going back and forth
and she says to me dad I don't talk in a
car I'm like what does that even mean
I don't talk in a car I'm like you're
nothing like your mom nothing at all she
can talk for hours just going go and go
recently she said to me she said dad I
want to get a phone it sounds like a
hard it's time so I took her to Apple
and while I was getting the iPhone I'm
getting it hooked up I asked the guy go
hey how can I get all of her text to go
from her phone are you following me onto
my phone without her knowing and he
hooked that up for me yeah yeah and you
know where I got that idea from our
government that's right
so now I get a ton of texts like I got
200 texts a day right I get everything
that's going on her life emojis like
emojis are constantly coming in to my
phone I don't know what emojis are like
to it I just see like a hat and an eye
winking and a peace sign and a pair of
shoes into a dad that just says sex
[ __ ] party all day like I'm breaking
codes it's like beautiful mine I mean I
am the FBI
my son got his he got his Xbox dis stuck
in xbox and I had to go on YouTube and
find out how to unstick the disc and I
love you were gone on YouTube to find
out how to do something but there's like
a whole community of children who have
made videos that last like three and a
half hours show you how to do something
it takes like five seconds just like a
nervous kid dude no one's ever paid
attention to it's like it has a
television check
hi my name is Kevin first of all thanks
for coming to watch my video this is my
room please subscribe to my channel it's
like a weird Confederate flag hanging
behind you try skipping ahead he's like
okay so first of all you gotta need an
Xbox with a disc that is stuck inside it
Kevin
how do I do it Kevin I've been watching
this for 45 minutes I know everything
about you but how to unstick a disc from
an Xbox Kevin how do I do it Kevin
you try skipping ahead again he's like
so that is how you want to stick a disc
from an Xbox I never found out I never
found out ten million views
that same girl called another girl I
know a [ __ ] uh which is good ladies get
in on that [ __ ] you know what I mean
don't let men be the only one putting
you down go after each other also let's
get some solid I was like I was like why
is she a [ __ ] and she goes because
Danny she slept with a guy on the first
night nah uh-uh not me you want to sleep
with me you got to take me out to dinner
show me you care huh more stuff I don't
know I stopped listening it was like
it's like a lot feeling up a lot of them
cause like I got places to be don't
worry about it now I'm out but I hear
that a lot right that's the definition
of a [ __ ] it's a girl sleeps with a guy
really fast but just so we're all clear
in this room the actual definition of a
[ __ ] is somebody who exchanges goods or
services for sex so who sounds more like
a [ __ ] do girls like yeah let's just do
this what's the problem we're girls like
you want to sleep with this that's going
to cost you two dinners and a
conversation about my dad Oh
by definition stop using that word
I feel like God had kids too early you
know if you look at earth he was clearly
like a baby God when he made earth like
for the first few million years he's
just obsessed with the dinosaurs
yeah just like we was a t-rex this one
has a long neck and eats leaves then he
hit puberty and he was like [ __ ]
dinosaurs
I hate dinosaurs I never liked dinosaurs
I'll be in my room listening to music
then he had Adam and Eve he was probably
like a teenage god you know he didn't
take on any responsibility he was just
like listen guys just uh just stay right
here
and don't touch my stuff right he just
left
he comes back they touch the stuff and
he's like what the [ __ ] get the [ __ ] out
get out go move to your mom's starts
having more kids starts getting more
controlling laying down more rules don't
stick your dick in this guy's butt over
here go talk about me to your friends
tell your friends about me tell your
friends about dad you know then at one
point just drowns everybody it's like
the number one worst thing you could do
as a parent like they give your baby at
the hospital like first off don't
drowned it you know he drowns everyone
then tries to make up for it by making
us a rainbow he's just like sorry dad
we'll do it again we cool now then he
has his favorite kid not supposed to
have favorite kids has a mini weight
then he sends it down to earth but Jesus
kind of a dick as most favorite kids are
right
because Jesus comes down to earth and
he's like hey I'm God's Son they're like
aren't we all God's children he's like
I'm God's real son
you guys are adopted like what he's like
yeah God said you're not doing it right
you guys like this God be like me God do
that God be like better like well who
the hell do you think you are is like
I'm also God they're like no his number
one rule there's only one God well I'm
got to so they murdered him according to
God's own rules I think God came back he
was like what the [ __ ] and then he never
talked to us again he's walked out on us
never came back now the whole world has
abandonment issues cuz half the world's
like there is no God he's dead the rest
of the world's like he's coming back
he'll be back
you guys were great thank you very much
that's cool how long have you guys been
married 10 years and you guys are still
disinfection it
that's amazing good for you guys none of
you guys are all jaded [ __ ] you don't
give a [ __ ] at all you're like [ __ ] you
guys you eat her but don't get weird
about that that that is the key to a
healthy relationship you might get
e-coli but you'll be healthy here and
that's all that matters to her yep just
get some Pedialyte and keep going I
recently got married to an acquaintance
of mine we're just now getting to know
each other I think that's how you keep
it fresh yeah she's an amazing person
she's a nurse for little babies in the
ICU and I'm a [ __ ] baby so she knows
exactly what she needed to do to change
me and she's the breadwinner I'm the
bread eater I'm living my dream cuz I
grew up a feminist and she makes way
more money than I do
I think women should get paid more you
guys have to put up with a lot more [ __ ]
you guys should be able to do whatever
you want if you want to fight in the
military I don't know why you'd want to
do that but go right the [ __ ] ahead I
don't care just you know on your way
home ask what to pick up for dinner
I'll pay half whatever my wife's the
best except she already wants to start
trying to have kids and I told her I
need to go at least two months without
overdraft in my bank account before we
can pull the goalie which is the most
responsible thing I've ever said
but she's so amazing she deserves to
have everything she wants whenever she
wants it she'll even ask me every single
day if she should stop taking her birth
control but she doesn't really
seductively she'll be like don't take my
birth control today it's my birth
control what was it doing there
oops I dropped it should I even bother
picking it up and I have to be like yeah
you know what I can't even get an
erection unless I see you take your
birth control you know it really turned
me on if you crush it up and snort it
cuz nothing makes me more horny than
seeing again to your bloodstream as
quickly and efficiently as possible we
never fight and when we do it's always
my fault and I know that's what you're
supposed to say but it genuinely is
always my fault
because I don't know the difference
between honesty and oversharing
the other night she's like why do you
keep a bottle of Lube right next to the
van we've never used it I was like oh
that's not loop it's hand sanitizer
she's like why do you keep hand
sanitizer on your nightstand well
sometimes in the middle of the night my
butthole itches what do you want me to
do not scratch it it wakes me up but
then I get neurotic what if my eyeballs
gonna itch later I don't want to get
pinkeye what do you want me to get up
and go to the bathroom to wash my hands
I'm already laying down she's like I'm
gonna stop you there next time just say
you're cheating
[Music]
I'm going to feel weird to say even
Trump is my president
that's like saying Hulk Hogan is my
lawyer he's pretty good he calls me
brother a lot hello we're gonna win this
game brother don't worry over a black
bandana in court
the craziest thing with trump is that
he'll go after anybody you know like
nothing is beneath him I thought
president was like a time-consuming job
he seems to have all the time in the
world I feel like he just sits in front
of a giant Bank of monitors like the
architect in the matrix and just
responds to everything like [ __ ] you now
[ __ ] you sir we have a meeting
I'm almost finished about a [ __ ] in your
mouth I'm afraid to do a late-night set
and make a Trump joke then later on hop
on Twitter and see just uh unfunny H
Fahim Anwar do stand-up didn't last one
bad I'm like who is this loser probably
lives in his mom's basement president of
the United States of America like she's
publicly called Rosie O'Donnell of fat
pig how crazy is that if you're Rosie
O'Donnell
to know the most powerful man of the
world thinks you're a fat pig
he wasn't even diplomatic about it he
wasn't like I'm concerned with her
health she could stand to lose a few
pounds though he's like she's a fat pig
[Music]
his first week in office what did he do
he did a try to get the pipeline going
again top of the pipeline and then he
wanted to build the wall again repeal
the Affordable Care Act and then the
Muslim ban even Lex Luthor is like bro
you got to space out your evil [ __ ]
doing too much you do one of those
things go to an art gallery have people
think you're a normal guy hey you gave
me pure evil out the gate
but as soon as I come to California I
see things that are really weird to me
like who wants to live on Laurel Canyon
Boulevard are you out of your mind it's
a cliff how do you buy a house on a
cliff
what do you open your front don't get
hit by a car it's a cliff my the only
one seeing this [ __ ] and what do you got
behind your house mud so when it rains
stop complaining that's what happens
your house gets muddy and goes into the
street and now your traffic this is how
it starts I guess I'm the only one
seeing this [ __ ] everybody else is like
now we're from out of town too
[Applause]
don't get me right I like California but
California's weird sometimes especially
when I cease cause people get here the
way you people out here drive nobody
lets anybody emerge just want to merge
never notice you're in bumper-to-bumper
traffic and you make eye contact with
another driver and who pretend he didn't
see you looking at him like hey what do
you think can I come over like nah
didn't see you looking at me I'm very
focused on going absolutely nowhere but
sometimes you put on your signal and
somebody moves into your blind spot to
block you that's why I don't signal I
don't want nobody know what I'm doing
sometimes I signal right now move left
just to be an [ __ ] and I finally got
to use the California call plain how to
drive from Hollywood down to Orange
County but you all got a double yellow
line which means you can't get out yeah
once you pull into the car pulling
that's it that's the last decision
you're gonna make you are in I drove
right by my exit I was looking at it is
my exit right over there but just look
at this [ __ ] look it's all the way to
hell over there now and then drive all
the way down the Tijuana to make a
u-turn to come back to California and
then you got these road signs down by
Tijuana East Coast people have never
seen the hell is this
come on Hollywood don't say you didn't
see this [ __ ] got a family of three
running for D life on a road sign and
I'm thinking is a triathlon in San Diego
I mean what's with the family there's a
Papa a mama little kitty Amy touches on
a holy [ __ ] I hope I'm making you gotta
wonder what kind of family makes the kid
go Lance that's your kid they should be
pushing him across did that and like
screw him he might not be on run
[Music]
you know my favorite food is fajitas I
love fajitas
do you like fajitas never get those yeah
you do right they're good because it's
more than a meal it's very exciting when
you order a fajita you order them and
then a couple minutes later they bring
them out and it is loud smoke it's like
fourth of July everyone's like oh my god
what is that what the [ __ ] is that
big triela smoke who got that you got
that that is an exciting meal it's all
over the place then they bring you the
rest of the [ __ ] then it turns into an
arts and crafts project another level of
excitement tortillas you've always a
little sour cream guac
salsa you're just adding stuff glitter
or whatever the [ __ ] they bring out you
could cluing [ __ ] on it very exciting
then it turns into fourth of July and
when it explodes out of your [ __ ]
like an hour later and then you get the
final kick back and then it's so many
different elements
so came back to Chicago my dad's having
a knee replacement surgery on Monday
I've been staying with my parents for a
week they're in their 70s that's too
[ __ ] long to stay with people in
their 70s I'm starting to learn [ __ ]
about him I don't want to know the other
day I was using my dad's bathroom I
opened up his drawer and I discovered
his viagra do you know how embarrassing
it is stealing your father just fine
it's amazing I didn't even use it for
sex they just reshingled this room feels
like pow pow it's awesome parents have
been married for 55 years you guys 55
years
I myself celebrated 10 years of marriage
last month but we could not celebrate
together this year because we got
divorced four years ago
[Applause]
80 now mandating after you get divorced
it's not that bad right cuz I don't care
anymore all right all the pressure is
gone
in fact my pick up line right now is so
do you wanna that's my pickup line cuz
if not I'm gonna go home and make a hot
pocket and put a heating pad on the back
and 42 my back hurts I don't care if you
come home at me cuz I have a Playstation
and I get to be in this Super Bowl
tomorrow for I have noticed though that
the older you get the harder dating gets
you guys in your twenties enjoy it now
you got it easy you go home with a girl
you're like hey got condoms back to your
place I'm 42 I'm like you got tongues
back here play I had pizza for dinner
that shit's coming back especially if
we're gonna lie down for four minutes
[Music]
I'm actually gonna be on TV for the
first time next week so please build up
a mother bill more be honest about that
I was not the father my pull out game is
amazing I know I know the hardback I'm
gonna be honest about that I like this
crowd is a cool crowd don't look nice
this is a beautiful crowd but I've seen
better and I'll be honest about I said
it not to be a mean person I say that
because I'm legally blind and I've seen
better like I read on the whole [ __ ]
this crowd right now I don't know so I
am like really legally blind right
visually impaired when people hear the
word blind legally blind they
automatically think no vision at all and
then application you have some vision
like I'm blinded of why I can't drive
anymore maybe enough vision well I don't
have to play the harmonica
I don't Steve one to me yet don't ain't
a great child in it yeah not quite
my glasses give me in a lot of trouble
though I will say that when now cleaning
off my glasses and this girl said Oh
being you look good without your glasses
I said a Petula girl without my glasses
you better with the blurrier face smell
so was this vision loss has it haven't
been my whole life went for a few years
so I theory learned a lot of things I
mess up a lot of things
the main thing out to relearn is
handshakes I missed a lot of handshakes
and grabbed a lot of titties grabbed
some big cups earlier today I did
there's a lot of Brio on the areola
I fell in a region future baby but no I
miss up a lot of handshakes I mess up a
lot of handshakes I saw a friend earlier
I reached out for the handshake they
reached out for the fist pound didn't
see that coming I switched it up for the
fist pound nation stood up at a
handshake we just say here a pretty
random game of rock-paper-scissors
introduce myself
and people asked a lot of questions
people I won't keep after questions
about my vision but my glasses but by
far the number one question people ask
about my glasses is being do you have
sex with your glasses and the answer
that is yes yes I do but not these
glasses though actually wet goggles that
I pour in the back okay let's grab my
chain they be hanging maybe flapping
when I'd be hitting that [ __ ] hippies I
call them I love making goggles my sec
specs
my girl loves it though she said that I
remind her of Mike Phelps will be in a
be wrong not because I make a way
because I always finish first so going
for the gold baby
Oh looking for the Mike's thing I found
it
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
but a couple's out here tonight and a
sir and a fella texting in the second
row what's going on bud no no don't do
that
I always just get very curious what
could be more you know I wore a were my
you know a shirt this should even if my
jokes don't do it for you my wardrobe
should go under some sort of attention
Oh for real you don't speak English
so so yeah all right well this is gonna
be fun um all right well you can well
then sir you can assist with this uh
with what we're about to get into first
of all how long have you guys been pals
so two months of friendship so that's
interesting that's I don't get to meet a
lot of dudes past the age of 12 that
have been friends for only two months
what what do you mean a dude where it's
just a two-month friendship at this
stage in life so where did this whole
relationship where this whole
relationship again oh hell yeah dude
that's very 2016 of you guys by the way
those applauses are coming from everyone
who's [ __ ] up tonight thankful that
they have a ride home
thank God I got away home it's not me
thank God it's not me tonight and it's
hot [ __ ] [ __ ] like if I got in your car
what would your first thing you would
say to me be nice shirt yeah for sure
now sir I don't know what gave you the
impression that me looking this way made
you think I was talking to you but but
how much weed did you smoke and where
can I get some of it is my next question
but I'll take it from here man
uber you were driving you were sitting
in the backseat right what was exchanged
that made you get out and go I think we
should keep in touch
you know I'm saying there has to be a
moment like dudes first of all you guys
are doing so that already says to me you
don't need much cuz dudes don't need
much to be exchanged very little
information it's just like dude you like
sports
what dude I love sports I do you do that
is are you do you like food are you
serious dude I love food it was
happening right now we are really
connecting this is crazy this is crazy
are we dudes I think we're dudes that's
why it's so easy ladies need more than
that ladies need an excursion some sort
of getaway
let's go wine-tasting this weekend no
I'm serious baths let's go you need it
it's been a rough week it's your cat
with dick and your Facebook post and get
a lot of likes it's been a rough week
for her let's go let's support her we'll
find your spirit animal or some [ __ ] I
see you get out of the uber right and
what I'm serious man this is you know
where has in the last two months where
is this friendship bug you guys gone on
a trips sir if you could get out of here
for this next part that'd be great
Jesus Christ perfect timing I was making
me uncomfortable do you find it I didn't
ask you to go anywhere sir but you got
big shoulders so you can do what you
want all right this is weird you guys
for sure are all going to do cocaine
somewhere like you see how consecutively
they all got up there like I James you
get up them bill and Kyle but like give
like six seven seconds in between each
guy cuz they don't expect if it's like
boom boom if we all get up together and
everyone who's gotta do coke but like
four or five seconds I haven't done coke
yet I've been around it a lot in your
over ten years I've been around I've
seen a lot of people on cocaine and it
makes it very unappealing first time I
saw a guy at a party just came out of a
bathroom just beeline right to me with
like dude I'll tell you why [ __ ]
mashed potatoes are dope I was like okay
I'm never I'm never doing cocaine ever
never doing cocaine ever never putting
that up the nose I love me some mashed
potatoes not enough to talk about it at
a party especially with somebody who
just came out of the bathroom
you know what tonight's a very special
night ladies and gentlemen not because
I'm here
but because the gentleman I'm about to
bring up is someone I've known for a
very very long time and you were this
like no looking no looking this is where
you'd see up here we've been friends for
a long time we've worked together in SNL
he is the Hans from Hans and Franz
Harvey
oh man I'm gonna skip this I survived
yeah yeah this is the best crowd no
judge there believe me it's a very heavy
one the crater is really pissed
you're not do you see what ever told you
you look like okay sorry first of all
it's not the wind it's not Owen its OSU
and you see look it's you and who's the
nicest celebrity next to John Travolta
all Travolta's the grass he's the best
quick impression John Travolta getting a
massage you know sometimes I don't like
to wear any Underpants it's just funny
right I'm not doing heavy no more PC
straight white male [ __ ] I'm just doing
goose poop all south the rest of my
career what time Dana Carvey I was
walking down I think it was yes Kevin
David Avenue third Avenue in New York
City Lower East Side New York it was by
the Palm Restaurant restaurant I was
with John Travolta oh yeah a couple he
was hosting SNL good friends and we're
walking along we're talking right and we
pass a homeless guy and the most guy
he's oh yeah who used to play Vinnie
Barbarino do you remember when I was
we're playing Denver it's he's friends
with John Travolta really good yeah but
he's yeah but you're bisexual
right pansexual yeah pansexual he's
sexually fluid just not what sexually
fluid me just means that you're all all
humans are sexually fluid like you
you guys are gals are sexually fluid
right you might be straight might be gay
might be by Olympian animals might be
asexual smiling in a knowing way know
isn't that
ten of these three girls right here me
know that should being a sitcom this is
the cutest it's like Hollywood nights
with three families duties this these
are camp counselors oh you are and the
one on the left is from Greece little is
from Spain really from America England
sorry we we love you people you're
terrific the Greeks the Greeks the
restaurants terrific every style not so
good but the restaurants were tremendous
tremendous you're terrific fire we're
gonna make fire tons of fire like the
world's never seen okay and Dan ins
what do you think about Greece what I
think about president I think it's
fabulous the beaches the baklava the
blue it's all blue right the flake very
terrific not as good as the Stars and
Stripes but nice very nice Melania
everybody knows excuse me he's doing
that excuse me excuse me excuse me
there were many people doing many things
excuse me excuse me excuse me many be
anybody
everybody knows scuse me many people
doing many times we don't people what
about the white supremacist many people
did many things everybody know there
were many people restaurant owners that
were guys driving costs there with jobs
in the neighborhood and many people and
things there with who's there were are
anymore sometimes something washing
machines many things we're doing many
people in many ways terrific you do Kim
jong-il and I'll do truck cuz isn't it I
just want to say no matter what you
think about Trump we're in West
Hollywood so I assume he's not this is
not Trump country
but is it a perverse pleasure no he's
driving people out of their [ __ ]
minds in America and now he's driving
other people nuts cuz you got that Kip
jon coker think um John guinea-pig boom
he's gotta be going out of his mind cuz
normally they always do the ready we
will fire we'll come down we make blood
on all of you methods and apartment be
like well we're gonna that's not
constructive than the people we don't
believe in the technical and finally we
are the guys [ __ ] you [ __ ] [ __ ] right
what's up with that
it's a perverse pleasure a part of you
even Jane Fonda's going yeah there's
something about it that he's driving the
Putin thought he's in my bucket we got
him he's not a man you'll do whatever we
say [ __ ] you yes how about like Milania
I mean they held hands was yeah come on
baby let's do it one time okay what's a
year look at but you never give the
ready I look down the privates nothing
happening
I got a cialis IV I got a 20 milligram
by a grew up my ass come on let's go but
nothing happening mr. Donald Trump raise
the bar Sebastian
what did you say I called you mr.
Donnell praise the person person why the
double person I don't understand
see this never works in regular gigs but
I thought I'd do it here she calls a mr.
Donald president person person that just
makes me happy
it's the second person and you tonight
when you get up Milla nights go the
bathroom while you're in your 20s you
want put tomorrow when you go to the
bathroom that's gonna be in your head
mr. Donnell please beam five sobota sir
that's how I try to do is get weird [ __ ]
in your head and if I can get less Kevin
you're gonna see what well you're
talking about what being happy what
makes you happy
um sex on the beach is that the drink or
the actual sex on the beach I don't I
just came up with that
I'd say most things in life are you at a
point now in your life you'd rather
watch people have sex or actually be
part of it I I'm still active but I meet
older men that men in my age group and I
can tell they're Watchers
yeah and I always tease Jon Lovitz I say
he's a watcher Jon doesn't now I pick it
off now
go with her yes Danny you do I like it
but I'm active sexually yes first of all
I'm surprised that know who John Lovitz
is but let's go Paige justin bieber's
you know having troubles lately
I'm just gonna hear your age group the
Biebs yes Kevin you do a lot of uh you
know impressions do you do women any
women at all besides Melania oh that's
right
I do Nancy Pelosi who always not
interested always she always looks like
she just stands something cold and wet
but it's not really a voice hey what are
you what's going on with isn't kim
jeong-hoon like 16 years old still
what are they 16 when he took over yes
just a little kid with a weird haircut
Nanook no that's true
can you imagine being his girlfriend
that would be nuts or you have a friend
just a friend I think it's you know they
think it's like an Elvis move I mean
Elvis this gets kind of dark but you
would have people fly to Mexico City and
get young virgins out of the and bring
them to Elvis and Memphis is that true
yeah no what's weird about that
sorry I don't want to blow me up what's
your name Consuela nice to meet you
metal is present they don't know I can't
do Elvis Presley yes you can I can do
Barack Obama singing Elvis what's here
cuz he's done on the i-95 in the
celebrity room Barack Obama
one-night-only sings the best of Elvis
Presley be there one night only out to
return the Sunderman
that was some long no such a number
that's good that's all go home because
remember I mean Obama we went from the
coolest present a political forget your
politics the coolest guy nobody could
remember when he broke into song at that
memorial yeah well this is this is a
time of hope and peace and people must
come together in a way that we can
consolidate our efforts and a little bit
many positive it goes missing it's like
come on now we got you know we got trunk
what's he gonna sing you know I'm a
believer
oh and Leela is my jack
that's the monkeys 1967 [ __ ] my old
god dammit what happened
Smith it was a Smash Mouth or they
covered it right do you guys know who
let's see I just feel like I'm
babysitting you're here well I want to
be so I want to make you laugh that's
not gonna happen Jeff Bridges Oh Jeff
Bridges yeah
do you guys know Jeff Bridges is yes
okay good thanks dad
that sounds like a character on Game of
Thrones son of Lloyd he always sounds
like he just had too much be a footlong
subway GG I should have had a six-inch
but you do love that jingle What's My
Line
Oh your line is they're coming for us we
better get away boy let me take a bottle
oh that's great
we'd better go to work he's from Malibu
he just decided to dogleg there's Greece
Mexico and Britain Spain Greece Spain
and Britain really seriously god save
the queen fish and chips yeah Tom Brokaw
says where is the library in Spanish
donde esta la biblioteca
you know who he is it just sounds funny
anyway right in Greece we make it love
my no that's Italian
nevermind the Greeks in the Italians you
guys gotta make beaches great a
socialist I retired 48 Dana Carvey yeah
Dana I think this young lady from
England might like to hear a little
Michael Caine Michael Caine Michael
Caine and kindergarten Michael Caine in
Kenya ah to eat paste
I like to think into classroom sometimes
our chew on a hula hoop I like to eat a
pencil or other items but not regular
food you like it oh well that's great
you know what stupid who am i doing now
you know well this is someone whom I
know you know I mean it'll I remember
one time I was playing my kid so I
looked over Ringo's drumming he's got no
pants on do you remember that joy
forever because he knows I'll say with
you cool she was squatting on me were
taking a big poop on me head well you
know we were crazy then you know smoking
and all the things you know George was
rolling around the grass naked you don't
even if he had his thing in his hand you
body he was rubbing it and I'll tell you
something Paul that's the day we wrote
Norwegian Wood
all right this is what we do late at
night and we've had a kill once but
normally it's off-putting to people but
it's basically beetles having weird sick
orgies it's not political because they
must of do you know things got crazy you
know a long time you know it was
squatting on Ringo it's always Ringo
Ringo George had a hard Dicky you know
John said what are you gonna do with it
you know you said I don't have any plans
boys you know right and that's a daily
wrote dates trip though Dana Carvey
ladies and gentlemen thank you so much
good night
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
ah well it's nice to be here folks how
you going good I see good I'm feeling
pretty good myself it's flu and I was in
Hawaii paradise any flight attendants
here before I start to rip them a new
ass and he fight attendants
oh I didn't mean nowadays my fighters
didn't yell didn't be on the plane do
you know why she yelled because I stood
up when the plane was landing she nearly
lost her mind
sir sit down the captain's trying to
land the plane you know I can't believe
the fact that I'm standing in a field
his ability landed by how's he flying is
he back in the plane and sit down man
accounts together when sit down
what is going on in the cockpit he can
feel it when you walk around what the
hell's going on back there tell me
people sit down I'm trying to steer it
make such a big deal out of landing and
taking off you know it's a very delicate
process like the sea trade do you think
I can land a plane without everybody sea
trade being up once in my lifetime like
meet one captain brave enough to give it
a try I think it's possible sir after
every seat remember ec3 must be out like
the landing gear is connected to the sea
tray or something that's what the
captain and the copilot is concerned
about captain we can't lose out to do
what's problem I don't know must be a
seat right on back there something but
it's the same jackass I was standing
with his head no way
she would sit down and put his tray up
up trying to lay
so my name is Torrance Hill I'm standing
before you as living proof that the
secret does not work oh if you're
laughing at that that means you wasted
2395 like I did if you're not familiar
with the secret I'm gonna tell you
because it's built into my 12 minutes
okay the secret is this belief this
philosophy [ __ ] is a cult right and
they believed it whatever you say right
think goes out into the universe and
wavelengths carried out by dolphin and
platypuses to god of Jesus whoever's on
duty and then they send back what you
want to you ladies and gentlemen I don't
know what happened in my life but
apparently my dolphin and platypus see
we're having some issues because I
didn't get a single thing on my list
which was really [ __ ] up because I
only wanted three things I wanted a
downtown loft Alexis and good health the
universe sent me a studio apartment in
Koreatown a Toyota Camry and a urinary
tract infection
I know what you're thinking whoo
Koreatown I do want to let you know just
in case um somebody's looking at me and
wants to date I did go to Kaiser which
as we all know is one step below that
wicks doctor waving the chicken bone but
I am all cleared up thank you very much
but while I was on the mend
taking my amoxicillin for seven days
twice a day
don't be new some of y'all got it in
your purse so I'm just saying I know but
I did what anybody who needs self-help
does I wrote a self-help book because
I've read every self-help book I've read
from you are the champion - you are
badass - who moved my cheese and and
then I read Soap Opera Digest but they
were just right there near and I needed
to catch up on General Hospital but I
have a book is coming out in the fall it
will help anybody in any situation it
can help you can help you can help you
my book is simply call that [ __ ] ain't
gonna happen let me explain how it works
cause it's tricky
anybody trying to lose weight that
shouldn't gonna happen anybody trying to
give up smoking oh that [ __ ] ain't gonna
happen
anybody here is single trying to find a
meaningful relationship okay you don't
want to point yourself out but you need
to get my advance book called [ __ ]
please that [ __ ] ain't going to happen
can y'all tell I'm a negative person
[Music]
I don't know man all I know is that when
you have a baby girl that changes your
cuz you know you know what a scumbag you
are and I'm a nice guy I'm a nice guy I
think of all the other scumbags out
there and you look at your daughter
because when you're married you start
hating hot women you start because you
know they're pointless to you when you
seem like you're at the airport you see
a hot girl you're like down and then you
see another you think they make you
judge other men for no reason hot women
like you know you see a girl like damn
and then you see another guy looking at
her like look at that creepy ass pervert
over there I was looking at her
respectfully I was looking at her first
we're so visual men
all right we're so visual all right like
we're so into it like we're so
controlled by their boot like they love
showing off their boobs don't fall for
it guys you know that you're with your
girl and they just want you to look but
you're try not to look your eyes are
rolling back like The Exorcist really
uh-uh you want me to look all I know
that women changed after marriages
before marriage they were sexy underwear
just to get you the thongs g-strings
lace all that you know they were sexy
under after marriage to the underwear
gets bigger and bigger every year just
big-ass parachute panties someone put
your wife out of a plane you by oh my
god you like don't worry I got a guy
parachute like a feather and safely and
you're like how come you know our thongs
anymore and she's like you don't
understand it feels uncomfortable it
feels like you're flossing your ass and
you're like you're so selfish
about my knees for thousands of great
stand-up comedy videos visit the new
Laugh Factory com
learn things when you go through life
I'm a grown-ass man now I waited my
whole ass like to be a grown-ass man I
just dream about that [ __ ] my voice is
gonna change he was gonna call me sir
and mister
and most importantly I was gonna get to
work grown man clothes then as soon as I
got grown these diabolical fashion
industry people when it switched up a
whole grown man wardrobe man II got boys
wearing what I like to call little bitty
[ __ ] ass clothes let's say it all
together class little bitty [ __ ] ass
clothes same answer you have your Bible
let's turn to the book of britches share
photos what did all those have read it
all the pants was gonna come super tight
extra tight blue the pressure tight
tight well you got to wear your left Bob
on your left leg your right follow your
right knee meet got a ride sidesaddle
cross the middle because I'm their home
in the front for your whole unit ladies
know what I'm talking about y'all be
saying he's fat coochie dudes welcome
y'all moto own fleet mr. big in his
jeans that is not vagina that's balls
all smashed up a little bitty bitch-ass
britches and I for one don't appreciate
it growing man talking too much
now this boy out he's sagging and with a
fool of booty if I can't feel that
because the blood pressure to be cut off
in his legs so a snow and it's obvious
explosions for the world
I got a Gucci purse long over my
shoulder got gold tips on the end
industry a lot so I don't know if that's
a tough chick or soft dude
I gotta get his attention and get be
respectful because it's 2019 I'll be
like hey excuse me uh hey hey Bristol
that's a brother and a sister I used to
like to fight I got home don't lose you
win fast plus it's not really that
crucial like guys we so tough all the
[ __ ] time we won't know how to let
[ __ ] go and there's not a whole bunch of
things in life worth dying over
especially an argument with a stranger
that you just met learn
lisam [ __ ] go do not list of a man for
walking away I had to learn that the
hard way
I'm in a toy store I'm shopping for my
little girl I didn't see nothing that I
like don't laugh ma'am all right this
really happened in my life I'm just
twice shopping like a regular American I
turned cuz I didn't see nothing that I
like I get ready to walk off in my haste
to turn I accidentally bumped this
big-ass dude standing behind me now I'm
a grown-ass man so I apologize like I
say uh my bad big dog I see right there
and you have a good and I walked off
behind me I hear you better watch where
you going with [ __ ] what you say big
man he said you heard me watch me you
going with [ __ ] now I want to fight
because I walked in the stove zero
[ __ ] I'm not gonna leave to his
[ __ ] I've been there I didn't know he
was a [ __ ] man with special needs at
the time
so I got ready to get it got my [ __ ]
together real unit right on come on he
talked his way up in the air like his
right here and I had never seen that
tonight before my life so I looked up
see with the world why we brought it
down real hard hit man between my
eyebrows right here I'm gonna be here
with this part right here all across
this part right here but I was windy and
[ __ ] he's starting I recovered I
recovered from it I fixed my glasses I
looked up yeah the brand-new waiting on
the same [ __ ] spot this accuracy was
amazing he was precise and [ __ ] so now
I'm drunk at this point I want to talk
to him benign free of his ass and I
can't decide on which one i'ma go far
before I could get there one in the
middle he treat me again and doctor
thing ready and I don't know why I
looked up but I did while he body down
and at that point I just didn't know
what to do so I do plus safety whistle
attention Ron came to get in to [ __ ] off
me I just lay down orange whistle to the
people came and honestly I feel like
y'all judging me right now Chicago tell
you what I did do though I stole this
[ __ ] movie that's what you do when
you lose the fight you take what they
need to win you add it to your
repertoire you [ __ ] with me now I get
that thing ready for you
[Applause]
[Music]
I just moved out here from San Francisco
it's pretty good how many people are
from California originally by round of
applause all right how many people moved
here because you're [ __ ] smart me yes
it's pretty good you have to understand
like where I'm from in South Mississippi
the way we look at California in Los
Angeles like it's still the land of
Dreams to us do you understand it's it's
like a Mice and Men where I came from
there's like just a bunch of dudes
around a fire in the woods and some guys
like all George tell me about Fox George
please I think I could work there one
day Linnea gonna work there every day
it's crazy man I was coming up here I
was so stoked I was like man I'm leaving
the south these Hicks don't get my
comedy I'm going out to California I
rented a u-haul in Houston Texas where I
was living I drove it I drove it all the
way through the desert it was amazing I
had never seen the desert before I had
like the Fievel goes west soundtrack on
I'm like this is the [ __ ] cruise I took
an extra day to go up the one listening
to Joni Mitchell like oh give my chakras
all aligned and then I pulled in front
of my driveway in West Oakland I was
like I [ __ ] up god damn no what did I
do
I couldn't pull in the driveway cuz I
tried to pull the UO and there were two
gentlemen in wheelchairs aggressively
kicking each other over a carton of milk
which they dropped and nothing came out
of I was like what is this
and then I go to San Francisco for the
first time and it's just like rich white
people shoeless on hills smoking weed
Emma like this The Hobbit what the [ __ ]
is this it's a very shire like
activities I live in a nice neighborhood
in LA - nice I snuck into a good
apartment no how the [ __ ] I did it it's
crazy like my rich people live in my
neighborhood it's over in Los Feliz it's
like white women with $2,000 strollers
and you look over you're like oh a baby
and you're like that's a Corgi that's
weird that's a dog
a $2,000 stroller and all they like to
twenty something year olds my age the
girls are also City witches over there
do you know that is City witches those
like really hip girls with black dresses
and they have like big black floppy hats
and they like they dress like Stevie
Nicks but they only do cocaine at
Coachella cuz they're responsible that's
how that works
and their boyfriends are just as bad I
tried to dress like them when I first
moved out here I was like I'll be like a
cool like NorCal dude like I had painted
on pants and suspenders and like a
beanie that was a little too small like
every 20 something-year-old white kid my
age in the city looks like they're going
on a gay whaling voyage or something
it's insane like on the corner with a
poor of her coffee like where's Moby
Dick he's getting mad need his oil for
my vape pen does anyone from the south
yeah we're lucky we made it out here
it's true what do you understand people
that don't grow up in the south what
they don't understand is your parents
you basically learn no life lessons
whatsoever because your parents don't
talk to you in like cold like coherent
sentences they're like these weird
Southern saying riddles when it's really
important and you have to figure out
what they're talking about and I grew up
like an hour outside of New Orleans it's
pretty Cajun country still down there
and I would have simple [ __ ] like hey
Dad can I can I stay at your Emmys house
tonight like you know what I say if it
ain't right alligator don't bite
well I can I go what the [ __ ] does that
mean I grew up with the Internet dude
that literally meant nothing to me
need a father not a Tom Waits song let's
help me this is the actual talk my
father had with me about sex it was
crazy like we all got the sex talk from
our parents you have to at one point
your life and it better be good or
you're like one of those people on A&E
that dresses up like a big baby or
something you're like [ __ ] forever I was
sitting there watching where me and my
father were watching a baseball game and
an apropos of nothing my father reaches
over and grabs the remote and mutes it
and he goes son that thing you got right
there is a pencil already I'm confused
at this you go son that's a pencil
without an eraser so I don't want you to
take that big exam until you're ready
back to the baseball game that was it
that was the whole sex talk the hell's I
supposed to mean to an eight-year-old
I'm gonna have my prom date she's to
make did you bring protections like yeah
my dad had to talk they're not an idiot
I just whip out a big box of a racers
like who's ready to make a mistake
[Music]
it is a [ __ ] up world where the
government sets people from different
districts against each other in a
vicious bloodsport
but enough about the US Congress the
name of this movie is the Hunger Games
cold in Catching Fire bears sounds like
what happens to your butthole after you
Taco Bell you hungry and the colon
catches fire we're talking about
explosive not real I don't think I was
gonna like this movie but then I saw
that that girl Jennifer Lawrence here
was in it I was like oh yeah I'll sit
through this year movies also based on
it on a book as a rule I don't see
movies based on books she'd only move I
saw based on the book with The Passion
of the Christ I gotta be honest the
movie was a lot better than the book dem
apostles they can't write like Mel
Gibson yeah I like to see Peter Paul try
to do neither weapon anyway this is
didn't into the future where everybody's
broke and sick this movie should be
called the effects of Obamacare that's
right I said it
she would anyone do put me on some sort
of list now his story Jennifer Lawrence
knew it
she wanted him Hunger Games but she
don't want to fight no more cuz [ __ ] she
died belated her some all she won't do
is sit around make out with two
different boys she had like a goddamn
two-bit buffalo nickel swamp [ __ ] yeah
she catching fire all right herpes
that's a cheap kitchen that's how it was
spread that's how Carly maid gave it to
me I don't know I don't care I got her
because I'm a man with a big deal the
main characters is catnip evergreen and
pita bread or something they have to
pretend to be in love know the words
after to pretend to be a married couple
[ __ ] even have you been married for more
than two years man we can live my as my
time my stepson
had this internet girlfriend he was all
in love with she's him come over for
Thanksgiving dinner but then last second
they broke up so say he brought his
friend asked a bond or Esteban something
exotic he's like Dominican Republican or
something like that
apparently their roommates found him
temporarily just temporarily till he
finds a nice nice wife tour tan this
crazy [ __ ] catnip
she had all gravy
you see in her pains and twist you gotta
blow up this giant arena doll these
hard-working men built probably Union
men right like that time I built myself
a WWE pro wrestling venture in my
backyard my ex-wife told me I had to
take it down
you almost 40 years old she had a point
though I did throw out my back breast in
that 12 year old I already heard they
made 3d goddamn movie suddenly I knew
that [ __ ] was gonna die it's a built-in
spoiler when you're watching a trailer
to the next movie in the movie or
watching the next the Hunger Games film
is called Mockingjay I reckon that's
about a mean bird I don't understand
what I'm Hollywood Jewish fellers they
don't try to make a show for Sam the
other day I accidentally I ate a bunch
of paint
don't add some Sam appeared to me he was
dressed up like Seth Rogen and he hosted
a Comedy Central Roast for me his jokes
were pretty mean same [ __ ] they work
they came out of the love I know he
loved me d-dang Donner Sutherland he's
in the movie with a big old bear you
look like Santa Claus
you need a second guy from the
commercial they [ __ ] him they had
themselves a gay baby who lives in the
Hot Topic you feel like they ain't no
goddamn real men anymore look no one
could know about this ever I can't grow
a mustache its genetic don't tell them
no put those in the goddamn
I like being here I travel a lot deal
with a lot of different things man a lot
of people passing judgment on the city
of Chicago seen where he's talking about
it earlier and it's weird man cuz she
thought I was a great city if you leave
here's an amazing city
a lot of people act like it's not I live
on the south side I know what's going on
you know the news a lot of times betrays
south side of negative light but if you
know anything about the hood which is
the area that I live in right you know
what's going on a lot of times they make
those area seem extra vile and if that
area seems violent then people who live
there no longer want to live there so
they move away and then new people don't
want to move there so the developer I
come in buy that property up for pennies
on the dollar tear it down build a new
infrastructure and that is what
gentrification is and a lot of people
don't pay attention that shoe if you
paid attention to the [ __ ] you know
what's going on not only are they judge
fine our neighborhoods they're
gentrifying the dudes and the
neighborhood yeah I don't know if you
noticing that but hipsters and who the
dudes both got on hm skinny James and
let me tell you something you cannot be
a thug in some 29 slips you can't come
in here and threaten us like I'll kill
everybody in this [ __ ] but now with
that cameltoe know you are
and you got your mama's hips you gotta
say nobody's [ __ ] afraid of you okay
you can't have a good and a panty line I
get the [ __ ] out of here
got thug [ __ ] to do man like you got
[ __ ] to do like running from the police
right can't run from the police and some
Zara skinny jeans some slipped carrot
cuts you can't run from the police and
then they get to the car needs won't be
anything gonna fall in Apollo just [ __ ]
around at the air grows in those little
ass pants that's why they put slits
across all the knees now it's only way
to get bendy legs back that's always
[ __ ]
[Music]
I actually grew up in Texas myself and
uh it was fun I had my stepfather raised
me and he is a full-blown Mexican and
grew up in he grew up in South Texas a
little place called Harlingen Texas or
as I call it Satan's taint and and it
was [ __ ] because I got to be like a
little white kid raised by Mexicans it
was awesome I felt like Mowgli from The
Jungle Book
yeah and it was cool cuz my grandmother
she raised me on a little joy of life
called telenovelas and we've seen that
[ __ ] right yeah it's it's it's a Spanish
soap opera pretty much it goes like this
it has to have some crazy-ass name to it
first and foremost something along the
lines of God Diablo which means like
sugar in the devil okay what I could be
a little sinful and sweet let's do this
all the guys are like these hot like
masculine men out in a wheat field their
shirts are just unbutton just hair
coming out they maybe have centaur who
knows there's all the winter too
gorgeous even the gross ones they're
just all hot I want to feel big ass Chi
Chi's tiny tiny waist and they've got
these tensioner lashes that just go out
for days pretty much the telenovela goes
like this Graciela okay see too volatile
Kobe no silly see the mihrab a theorem
was it court of all help and also the
Kennedy Adonis all right you know it
doesn't industrial Muslim you know
Salman
[Music]
we'll get through surround you but then
put those who sings that it'll just grab
her that's what they did they're just so
granny just her shakin Esther is that
guy
your biggest Selena Selena and we'll
just throw her ass on the ground and
then some random dude a bumblebee
costume will pop out of the middle of
nowhere be like south oh yeah
that's all that happens
it's store though I feel like I look at
my grandma be like Mamma Mia what are
they saying she'd be like I got a body
called which i think means I love you in
Spanish I have no idea I have no idea
what that means
I just got done I went to Dubai I went
to Dubai to do comedy clap you know what
Dubai is you know where it is okay see I
apologize for asking but I just got back
from Texas yeah your people have no idea
what Dubai is all right just saw a bunch
of blank stars like Dubai Dubai he goes
well do bad don't buy the Pens have you
got the money you sombitch note any
jokes all right you know you know Iran
Iran where did you run to Syria tell me
you know Syria
I eat Syria and part of a well-balanced
breakfast you understand tell your jokes
mister but I went I went to the Middle
East and as crazy my dad is my dad's
irani and my dad moved to America to get
away from some of the crazy stuff and he
met my mom who's blonde I don't know how
they met but I can tell you one thing
Persian men are very good at picking up
on women all right yes if you don't oh
I'm talking about blonde girls go to
Westwood right now
you're a hot commodity all right and
they're nice they're very nice at first
if you turn them down they snap just a
warning all right it starts like hi how
are you you're blonde hi nice to meet
you hi I am like a Latin I am parish on
my personal I can show you the world you
know like a letter right my magic carpet
drive it
but if she walks away go to hell lesbian
go to hell you are lucky I talk to you
bah and then they start over hi how are
you you are not parish and I am you know
they say once you go black you never go
back once you go Persian there's no
other vision
thank some of me I got picked on a lot
this kid how about you handsome I bet
not I wasn't even talking to you
I'm very smug just talking to your
handsome friend there yeah I'm catching
everyone off guard I'm gonna find a
different handsome guy you right there
do you get picked on that as a kid all
the time I can't believe it you're so
hot
it used to be weird looking or something
you grew into your looks
yeah we grew right into a [ __ ]
good on you I got picked on a lot as a
kid and I got picked on in a real unique
way I'll tell you what you see I went to
an all Catholic school growing up and
the other students they were very
religious and I wasn't and also I was
into theater he laughing ass as a
theater kid yeah I didn't know I acted I
did the music I did the stage design
dancing a little bit of dancing in so of
course all those things combined they
started calling me gay obviously and to
combine that with a not being religious
side of me they started calling me the
gay theist
just became my nickname yeah
I hurt my feelings okay that you laugh
about it now but it hurt me so they're
always come me the gayest right so one
day I decided I got to stand up to these
bullies so I worked up the courage and I
saw him coming at me in the hallway
and I said hey listen fellas
quit calling me gay you shouldn't use
that as an insult anyways and especially
mad at me so quick call me that and on
top of that you actually had me all
wrong that's right I'm not an atheist
either I just questioned the existence
of God I'm just not entirely sure if
there's a God or not so those are my
thoughts on the subject gentleman and
the bullies don't know what to do they
all just froze and then they looked at
each other and they looked back at me
and they looked at each other again and
they said I think we got a real [ __ ]
Gnostic on our hands
[Music]
stop that class
[Applause]
chubby scorpion king shut up all right
with troops and I gotta let you know
something with all this stuff you go
through you guys enjoy life life is
short it's not long I don't give a
with nobody thinks you hear me young man
don't get me you feel like pulling your
penis out at the bank you do that
there's no security possible tackle it
yourself get the fight right somebody
bug fights down and fight them pull it
out I'm telling you no dudes gonna fight
another dude with it out you're
wrestling him and he's teabagging you
know funny
[Music]
[Applause]
morning I want to say okay I'm gonna do
a joke and if laugh at it so I'm wrong
with you I may have some question man
you think that women who are pregnant if
they use the vibrator do you think their
kids come out stuttering
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I'm trying to have fun man I just had a
baby boy which is kind of cold low baby
boy
no don't clap he's under your one
got race low he'll say I know I know
he's ugly every time I saw a picture of
him people go that is a nice phone
but it's mother suddenly so that makes
it
we want to get mad I'm going ahead and
sleep with that avatar shout out like
ugly women oh you beautiful women after
news that ugly chick you know why
because beautiful woman like you can
leave a dude but ugly chick will leave
you when she's flying to the river to
get you fit or beat just but you can
check out a beautiful woman my man can
check you you can check out extension
get mad at you why did you ever take me
to the movies why would I take an x-men
de CX
chuckle tiago's i don't have to actually
sell weed and on real estate I think
he's like off and on like man ten years
 about ten years and I see how
people don't appreciate you up sometime
I keep it real with you I mean I came to
like browse little bit it's like hard
Brooklyn is like you know you had to
step over a body to get your mail so I'm
telling you man I appreciate y'all all
y'all like deeply not on some fake
like you see people like hey guys it's
good to see you all that that's
already too late I'm not that's it it's
too late
Krum listen I'm really appreciate y'all
and I really need that real you got
the keys
[Applause]
[Music]
you
love is like what you know like you ever
loved somebody but any but and you're
still like oh I don't like you you know
what I mean like I love you I just don't
get it I don't want any part of you love
you and I hate me when I'm near you and
mother because that love the love love
is like the highs are high and the lows
of love love war a drug people be like
y'all stay away from that [ __ ] you can
lose your house man
you know I mean stay away from that cuz
love makes you crazy it's like you're on
some hard drug you know it's like being
on drugs six months will go by and your
friend to be like you married who she
took what and you be like there's
nothing like it
I got that love
got $5.00 I'm hungry on it though
it's also weird it's also weird even in
relationships you know it's like this is
why a crime of passion is a legitimate
defense strategy in a court of law a
crime of passion
means you did some [ __ ] you never
otherwise would have done had you not
been in a relationship while you did it
and the Court recognizes that it means
the prosecutor said the defendant did
you and did you not kill your spouse and
somebody was like there was a shot and
the judge is like we understand we
understand thank you here van Gogh cut
his ear off and sent it to his
girlfriend and you think that's crazy
until you've been in one of those
relationships then you think I can't
believe that doesn't happen every
[ __ ] day don't you know you don't
argument you get in with the pressure
yeah
the arguments you get in with the person
you're in a relationship with because
you can't can't understand why are you
feeling what your feelings you make it
about something else
I was in the car with my girl now to
know that she goes to each his own and I
was like what do you mean and then she
goes I mean to each his own I was like I
heard what you said I don't know what
you mean and it's you go she goes Jun
with twitch is on me I was like I know
what it mean I don't know what you mean
by it
and then she goes why are you yelling
I'm like what's going on
and then I just broke the turn signal
off and stuck it in my leg
to focus the pain man just to create
order in the universe because we have
none
single again ladies ow I like to make
the noise in case nobody else does so
it's not embarrassing
everybody's dating online though I
missed the old days when he had to be
brave if you saw a woman that you
thought was beautiful you just had to
walk up to where it might be the last
chance you ever saw her you said to go
over and be like excuse me miss I saw
you and I know you're probably just
hanging out your friends and it's like
really cute but I just thought maybe I
could buy you a drink sometime you'd
have to wait for them to answer those
are the same thing - there's like how'd
you get in my apartment lock your window
[ __ ] like what exact I'm trying though
I'm trying to do the online thing it's
so tough though especially out here in
LA I didn't know like what every chick
was a specialist at like special effects
makeup I don't know if you guys knew
that like fellas you know your
contouring is yeah okay if you don't
know that's when a woman finds her
cheekbone and draws a new face on her
face it's just a different face than the
one that she has all my first dates are
at hot tubs I like to dunk them and just
see what mounts off you know like a
Crayola painting and the angles to like
I mean I like them thick everybody does
right but like you get these skinny
thick girls that can kind of trick you
with the way they all have the same
picture - if you get a body shot it's
like from nine hundred yards away the
point that oh so it looks good you see
the button the tits at the same time
hands up here look up to hide the chin
fat the pictures taken from a [ __ ]
satellite I guess I don't know
I'm on tinder like I think that's a
woman sure yeah that's fine let's go
with that I do I like em big I like the
thick he thinks I like I'm really big
though bigger than you guys are thinking
like whatever you're thinking of double
it that's what I'm into I really like
that too and because they have all the
angles and stuff you never really know
what you're dealing with I found a way
around it you just gotta ask qualifying
questions that's what I do right so I
just skip all the [ __ ] if they
didn't match with me and like hey Justin
how you doing I'm like oh hey girl do
you have sleep apnea cuz if you do well
my girls that sound like Bane you know
that's thick enough for me
you're sure I don't know why I think
maybe because I'm so small I like the
disparity you know what I mean like I
like really big girls so I can curl in
front of chest like a cat you know what
I say I just say oh you're awake what's
brunch on a date I just they're all like
they're up to the same tricks to like
even though like so much time has gone
by since I was in the dating game like
all the tricks are the same life a girl
spends the night they always leave
something so they have to come back it's
so annoying like I appreciate you
spending the night but when you leave
take your kids you know what I mean like
I don't wanna babysit your kids that's
not fun for me yeah it's not that bad I
mean I've come out of my shell a little
bit
I know you're looking at me like wow
Justin look at those shoes you must be
out there smashing puss it's not that
easy
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yes my mom is Japanese my dad's Jewish
I'm Biss I was bar mitzvah'd yeah we
threw this great big party the theme cuz
you got to have a bar mitzvah theme
mine was I'm gay don't tell anybody I am
from New York but yes but not like cool
New York I am Long Island trash yes just
suburban and basic at heart like I moved
to LA to be closer to the Grove love
them all so much my track name is
Beverly Center I do love the Grove my
favorite store at the Grove where I
spend hands-down the most money is the
parking lot it's very expensive
sometimes sometimes I wonder if my life
would be easier if I were straight just
cuz like at least twice a day a woman
tells me ah I wish you weren't gay it's
like yeah well I wish you weren't my mom
call it even
no but my parents they did their best
they also did coke until I was eight but
we have a great relationship now right
and that's what counts
actually in fact my therapist tells me
that I treat my mom like a boyfriend and
I should stop calling and texting her so
much so now I'm going my mom with a
phone that she pays for yeah she's a
great boyfriend haha really good at it
I have long hair I like having long hair
but it definitely like gets in the way
like during sex it's just a mess like by
the time we're done I just kind of look
like the girl from the ring and he's
like hey uh when was the last time you
were tested and I'm like you will die in
seven days
[Applause]
yes I look like a woman and I am a man
but it's it's really just the worst of
both worlds yeah like I take forever to
come and no time at all to fart I am
single dating where my bad boys all
right none here tonight that's okay cuz
like honestly like I'm not super into
bad boys like straight girls love them
and I think it's because growing up they
decided I want the kind of boy who's
gonna piss off my parents but for me
growing up any boy was gonna piss off my
parents who didn't have to like play
guitar
they would have hated that though
[Music]
so I turned 33 over the summer no don't
don't cheer it I didn't want to okay no
I didn't wanna [ __ ] I didn't [ __ ]
want to pay my back hurts for no reason
now my backwards doesn't get one hour
more sleep than I did the night before a
lot of my friends are getting married
and having kids
not me I'm going to [ __ ] boy route yeah
well I don't like the way my generation
reasons kids that just [ __ ] terrible
have you seen kids over there [ __ ]
the worst human beings ever made just
terrible oh my god can't say anything
some reason they need a safe space did
we need a safe space growing up we're
doing fine
yeah yeah everyone's dying for opioids
you can [ __ ] die go in the [ __ ]
movie theater but you we're doing fun if
I would look if I went up to my mom who
grew up in Iraq under Saddam Hussein if
I know that went up did that will me was
like hey mom I need a safe space for my
thoughts should I face it I agree that's
why we bring you to America yeah don't
worry it's all safe you want that safe I
take it back to Berlin sometimes you're
discreet sometimes not come back so you
don't believe me ask one of your three
uncle cuz I have two uncles say yeah
I really can't stand kids are so weird
like like sir before you became a
fuck-boy you remember used to play video
games
yeah yeah they don't do that [ __ ] they
don't play video games they go on
youtube and watch other people play
video games and I think that ones our
fault I think that's our [ __ ] up a
whole generation of little brothers who
never got the controller hey when is my
turn
never [ __ ] give him that controller sup
plugged in anything playing yeah some of
my friends are teachers they say they
can't talk to the kids the way your
teacher talked to you you remember you
teach you to bully you like a little bit
not a lot just a little bit so you act
like like let's say you're passing notes
in class the teacher take your note with
them hey Jennifer you whatever a problem
with this idiot no pay attention dumbass
or how about this one you teach you some
if you stand up and read in front of the
class regardless of your ability to read
and she was pulling that [ __ ] kids
stuttering Sammy put that kid [ __ ]
say it's like that one came to always
[ __ ] up and were like well [ __ ] was
Carlin's she hating him or something and
I just read the first three paragraph
back to you she glanced and just read
the first two paragraphs look at the
cone and there's always that one kid in
the back was like but you sure get mad
at him or I think guy yelling but thank
you stop that you want to go the
principal's office all right Sammy
continue why why by the way if you're
not allowed but you were that [ __ ]
kid by the way I never let that [ __ ]
happen to me you know why cuz I cheat I
cheated I count how many people were
[ __ ] sit in front of me how many
paragraphs then where I skipped ahead
and start memorizing when I was gonna
read I was like okay there's four people
from his three paragraphs plus tissue by
myself at that kid serving I even used
to throw off a word on purpose
so it didn't seem like I read ahead it
became apparent after the 97th there was
an excuse me inadequacy and pay between
the genders that basic it's pretty smart
he's pretty smart
[Applause]
[Music]
there is ones other stereotype that I I
do have I love to hunt which basically
means that for two months out of the
year I like to act like a skanky female
deer and I say skanky instead of [ __ ]
because I'm not into [ __ ] shaming but
nobody likes a skank so I think that's
okay and to explain it a little bit
basically what I do is every morning
I'll wake up and I'll spray on deer
perfume which is just the urine of a
female deer right then I put on makeup
which we call camouflage because our
daddies teach us how to do it then I
climb into a tree and I blow on a
whistle that sounds like a horny female
deer and I sit there for a few hours and
wait for a buck to walk by and thinks
he's about to get laid and I shoot him
in the heart yeah because it's effective
and symbolic you know what you're not
allowed to do bait them with food
because that would be cruel like that
doesn't make any sense to me okay
cuz look if you're a murderer if you
kill an entire family of people in your
own death row the last thing that we do
is give you a meal because it's
comforting what we don't do is strap you
in the chair shove a hustler magazine in
your face ask you how you're feeling
like pretty turned on perfect pull the
switch
girls always sing songs and they think
that it's empowering and it just makes
you sound [ __ ] stupid okay it's just
something about it like from the very
beginning like remember what are these
dumb songs you know yeah rude and [ __ ]
you with your old tired girlfriend she
come over to finance don't you wish
young girlfriend why you gotta be like
this I got all this right here that's
[ __ ] up you know they have Beyonce -
we got set her on fire just set on fire
now it's all her songs just like we were
just
[ __ ] did you pay my bills
Michigan's specific pay my telephone
beer now you pay in this bitch's bills
does she think you cheating on her Suzy
like say my name say my name when no one
is around you Beyonce Beyonce yeah what
the [ __ ] does that even mean I don't get
it you try to hit it I don't think you
ready for this I'm ready for the jelly
I'm paying your bills
remember - Erica I'm gonna be a [ __ ]
that's the ability equal jelly it's a
real simple ass equation
[Applause]
what not you independent this [ __ ] is
[ __ ] bananas okay I'm paying her
bills now she famous I live in her house
now she bought me a car and clothes now
she think I'm cheating on her left
everything you own in a box to let me
tell you why that's the stupidest one
ever ladies if all your man stuff can
fit in a box he ain't [ __ ] anyway do you
see how stupid that is like she's you
know she's talked about how she bought
him a car and all this [ __ ] he's
replaceable that was replaceable is [ __ ]
she's not talking about jay-z okay that
[ __ ] right now
jay-z's box is full of [ __ ] you know Sam
Sam you got diamonds I got my box [ __ ]
bye so now I'm in this taxi cab on the
way to my mama's house with this box in
my lap you call her up come on you know
I love you why you doing this to me
work [ __ ] ever happened to me am i uh
this is the six-week anniversary of this
all right I was flying to Washington and
to do next to me [ __ ] his pants
yeah
and it wasn't like well you would be
like oh my god you can have some apathy
in this doing this might go like uh like
the nougat maybe like oh good you know
because he didn't know you know so this
smell was wafted up to me every 15
[ __ ] minutes
and when you smell that you're like and
it wasn't a fart because we all know
what a fart farts have a tinge in sa
quoi if I may we know what a fart in a
minute where you are in the world so my
fart you can be like somebody farted who
farted this was like between fart and
open baby diaper it was like you know
and now I'm getting mad cuz this dude
shitty pants over here I got the credit
card application I'm coming to black
church man you know shitty man sees me
doing this and he goes are you okay I
don't know there's some kind of like
flatulence situation I didn't want to be
crass on the plane so I said collector
Lynch and he goes on it's too bad he
turns his thing on a pointed at me okay
two hours later shitty pants gets up to
go to the bathroom it turns to Canon
towards me
that's when I knew that I don't wanna
[ __ ] his pants now he's walking back to
the [ __ ] crop dusting the whole plane
now when he came back to his seat at
that moment he knew he [ __ ] his man
and he knew that I knew he [ __ ] his man
so I was giving him the you [ __ ] your
pants face how are we doing over here
man make matters worse I tell my mom
about it right get off the planet Oh mom
the dude next to me [ __ ] his pants my
mom's you know what your mother says
[ __ ] to you that you just want to like
set her on fire
talk about no sympathy she says well
what did the airline deal mom there's no
[ __ ] your pants run along
it's not doing the safety talk where
they like you know emergency exits are
here in the event you [ __ ] your man I
swear to you she thought the captain was
gonna be late
she kept it you an emergency situation
8b has [ __ ] his hand I'm gonna take her
down to Toledo
we're just really stupid we're dumb
as human beings were dumb I mean when we
come out the womb we're done we can't do
[ __ ] for like 12 13 years we literally
can't do anything antelope come out of
the womb like this come on [ __ ] there's
lions we we cut us we can't we don't
even come out we have to be pulled out
we're pretty dumb and then now I'll
check this out too
in modern times right now you have to go
to school for 20 years before you're
considered smart a master at something
20 years another five if you want your
PhD do you know the life expectancy of
the people that wrote the Bible
it's like 30-ish how smart could they be
[Applause]
I'm just throwing it out you know we
just think you know we need we have
stories to help us understand [ __ ]
the Bible is missing one sentence on the
cover based off true events hey when you
when you see a movie that says based on
true events what does that tell you wow
this is probably [ __ ] I mean the
ship sank but there wasn't a dude in the
front going King in a world that's
called embellishment we embellished the
mythology so we can help ourselves
understand but it doesn't mean it
actually happen like that
see Bible people get mad at me cuz they
think Noah was standing in front of a
boat with the clipboard like this let's
get started
red ants welcome aboard
black ants everywhere you go there's
some skinny person rubbing it in your
face I was with my mom went to church
with my mom and that big Jesus was on
the cross and he's just rid of just he's
up there show it all
sometimes he hit you with the head tilt
away Jesus is in shape but you can't
have a fad Jesus dad
I mean fat Jesus would changing the
whole story
I mean imagine you put 250 pounds on any
story it's gonna be different
you know I mean I mean imagine the
logistics of trying to get fat Jesus on
the cross you got to have a rope and
pulley system there trying to nail me
slide down all the miracles will be
different he's walking on water
waist-deep of your Lord the Last Supper
would be a buffet you know Judas would
be at the buffet going really really
Jesus it's a lot of rats you putting on
that lamb hotels when I travel though I
like that though [ __ ] on the ground
would just be like cold clean servants
[Laughter]
but I like staying there hotels there's
two things about hotels though that
drive me bananas the first one is why is
there a full-length mirror
facing my toilet why is that I don't I
don't get that I know you never notice
it till you sit down so that you get
keep trying to grab towels to cover
yourself because you that you look over
there's a coffee pot on the counter a
coffee pot I'm [ __ ] in here
shitty who's making hot beverages in the
bathroom [ __ ] annoying you know and
the other one is you know when you're
checking into a hotel you ever wonder
what in the [ __ ] are they typing on the
computer that's taking so long
you have my reservation but you know I'm
coming what's going on here you give him
your name in there back there
Shelagh when you check people in is it
m6 you look good let's talk it much [ __ ]
what's your last name sir it's like are
you real live in a satellite back there
I was in this documentary is called just
like us it's about American comics
performing in the Middle East it was on
like Showtime right if you guys ever saw
it but anyway it was very interesting
but one of the things I remember about
the Middle East that I people don't they
think they know but you don't really
know how absolutely anti-semitic it is
in the Middle East like awesome on other
level [ __ ] like no matter what is
happening it's like it could be raining
and somebody be like what the Jews and
it's like we're like casual conversation
to like somebody could be walking just
be like oh god damn Jews don't like Jews
I don't like gays for some reason like
you know it's very homophobic you know
but the strange thing is they like to
hold hands like guys hold hands this is
real [ __ ] okay I'm in the Middle East
and I dudes are holding pinkies they
hold pinkies it is like that's a gateway
to suck a dick that's not
you hold a piggy
right after you just like come here haha
isn't the movie theater the one place
you're not supposed to take a baby like
you know that man like yes
spider-man's out but you don't get to
see it you wanted to have a baby that's
now your life when your comic on the
road you you go what you see a lot of
movies I saw two movies in Texas one
movie the woman shushing the baby the
whole [ __ ] movie and the second one
was like this one was breastfeeding
breastfeeding in the movie theater you
know how I know this is all I heard
[Laughter]
[Music]
you are tearing that titty up then her
cell phone was going off and can we just
be honest is it vibrate a ringtone she
doesn't hear her phone excuse me man
that's your phone it was in the
cupholder
I thought the security was gonna be a
lot stricter you know like let's say
this is the computer that the dude is
supposed to be looking at when your bags
are going through this is him go
[Applause]
what that what are you doing go put on
your shoes and go you know hey what the
[ __ ] is going on here
it's no rules over there I'll tell you
like when you when the plane lands here
in the United States - plane lands they
say please keep your seats wait you get
to the gate not in the Middle East like
that so there's a plane hits down people
are up like just trying to get their bad
cigarettes are being lit like I'll tell
you listen we I take the weirdest thing
I was in Syria I went to Syria and like
okay one person like you made it out you
know I tell you what freaked me out is
like like they really do not like Jews
okay
like people who own a lot of people in
the Middle East they don't like Jews on
a level that's like so casual like you
had a party just talking to somebody and
you're like man it's raining well did
yous wait what what I don't understand
so I be walking down the street oh oh
the Jews
the Jews some hateful [ __ ] man
they're like Jews and they don't think
gays exist in the Middle East you know
you people where the Middle East thing
is like it doesn't really exist even
though grown-ass men will hold pinkies
and walk down the street like this have
you ever seen that I just grown men
burly men like me just walking down the
street this is a gateway to sucking dick
you understand that before use like a
big ego and the weirdest thing to me to
those for a place that hates gays they
are obsessed with a clean butthole I'm
not being dirty ma'am at all I'm just
saying at the in the bathroom in every
Middle Eastern country there's a
high-powered water hose right next to
every bathroom and I'm not talking about
that [ __ ] you clean the dishes with no
no no this could take paint off a
battleship okay you know so I should a
half cocked it you know I mean nobody
told me so I gave it a fool the Jews the
Jews did this right here just the Jews
the Jews put that in here I'll tell you
that right now something refreshing
though knowing that everybody had a
clean butthole
that's definitely refreshing you could
just walk around and do a spot butthole
check baho check go you know Middle East
has clean buttholes underarms and breath
on fire
[Music]
I have an accent is everyone alright
with it so far yeah it's okay and I was
speaking to quick when I first got here
I had to slow down you know you all have
accents to me I can't understand a
[ __ ] thing you guys are saying half
the time
all right up in America a little while
I'll I'll try my best American accent
for you okay so I've picked up on a few
things so this is my best American
accent all right oh wait hold on
hey you're Billy yo really bro the games
are come on over in your truck no don't
take the 405 bro takes the pulp it up
faster this time well having a kegger
down the way kill Britney a chipper T
down there
shad a jazz jet chip chucking other CH
names sir we're on their way grab your
burger and your a Budweiser
just one just one Budweiser and your
[ __ ] grab your grab that grab your
gun grab your second Amendment stick and
come on down for all right I'm gonna
kegger well this girl's gay does it no
homo that's my favorite American saying
it makes no sense at all it's like every
American guy has decided that he could
say the gayest [ __ ] that he wants and
then say no homo and it's all cool like
it cancels everything else
hey bro let's go cuddle up my bed too
little while till home ah nah no homo
dude I'm just gonna breathe in the back
here neck walrus ugly no homo no homo
man I'm gonna cut your balls okay but
you mean no home all right
no that's all
I like I said I like this I like this
crackers it's mixed this beautiful we
are everybody here you got white people
black people Spanish people everything
is nice man I want to help white people
out cuz I know y'all work with black
because y'all supervisor I just want to
help you talk to us real quick you know
because black people we don't only
people use the word - time to put more
emphasis on it we don't see a better
word we said we're twice up on a whole
nother level but we understand the
difference how many times you this [ __ ]
you're hungry I'm hungry but in like I'm
hungry hungry though that I guess not -
ain't like hot hot you know but you got
to be careful fellas women doing today
be like girl his dick big it's big but
ain't like baby you better give me my
other big yeah I just moved here to LA
man and uh negation is real big out here
like yeah the gay [ __ ] is in style out
here man gags what's up you know and
yeah I'm not gay but my brother's gay so
my brother's in Miami I call my brother
I was like [ __ ] you need to move out
here so much dick I fo you look it and
my brother really get I ain't making
this [ __ ] up he's a flight attendant so
you know I ain't lyin
you know this dude's just won't run outs
all day peanuts peanuts pretzels ooh I
think I love them goddamn essence
impressions you know my brother so gay
he text in cursive oh how you texted
Kirsten yeah
but one thing about gay news you gotta
give me problems they always got money
don't they you never met a broke a dude
have you if you meet a broke a do this
his first week he just started that's
why it's paperwork ain't go through yet
that's why that I'm jealous of my
brother cuz he gay but he got all the
good genes in the family it's hot little
godlike to play jokes to God has a sense
humor because my brother gay but why the
best looking man in our families
[ __ ] gorgeous he get like a
woman magnet women love his ass he's 62
190 pounds ripped up abs just a
beautiful ass man
and I'm mad as hell cuz I'm the one that
straight on five seven I'm wimpy and I'm
I hit on him I was like dude if he was
gonna be gay you should let me get the
6-2 you don't need me six to the suck no
dick kind of [ __ ] is in that's my
brother door I love my brother and he
always want to hang out with me I don't
like hanging out with him not cuz he gay
but he cook so he's so good-looking it's
hard to pick up a chick when you got
your cute ass gay brother sitting right
next to you soon as I try to say
something she ditched me trying to get
to his ass I'm like hey baby how you
know she's like uh whatever what what's
up with your brother I'm like [ __ ]
what's up with your but that's what he
gonna actually wear
but she flipped it on me though she was
like damn that's too bad he gay cuz I
was gonna [ __ ] both y'all I was like oh
I was like what he came but he like
bacon yeah
I've been on Comedy Tour by tour I mean
I've been taking mega bus of different
cities trying to get some love you know
all woman's liberal arts college Oh
white women and me I had a field day
with the conversations I got brave that
was a word they were using the life
brave you're so brave I'm like thank you
laid out a challenge I was like I'll
give just the opportunity to ask me
anything you want and I'll answer it on
behalf of all black people I'm not gonna
do that [ __ ] tonight don't get excited
put your notes away longer oh it's brave
enough to raise a hand raised their
hands put the hair behind the ear it
wouldn't even know here at air she just
did that a habit
she's like Clark like what's the deal
with Tyler Perry true story
I missed all all black people meeting so
I have an answer ready for woman and
saying hello mo folks can't get enough
right he did a movie called boom a dear
Halloween he's 75 woman ghosts or
haunted house killed at the box office
it was a silly movie it was silly
sometimes people just don't want to
think right but there was backlash
because it made so much more money that
a movie called Birth of a Nation was
about slavery people will rather see
this [ __ ] dress up like an old woman
and be scared throughout a movie than to
see slavery but I'm like that's not a
black thing every race does that she
wants to deal with Tyler Perry I asked
her what's the deal with Adam Sandler
you never walked out of one is moves
like damn I never thought about it like
that man
water boy was a thinker you've never
done that I get your bad exempt we did a
movie called Big Daddy
ooh everybody saw Big Daddy you got an
empty Big Daddy DVD case at the house
right now prop it up the fridge but it
was stupid
Big Daddy still made a hundred
seventy-five million domestic 175
million dollars you know it didn't make
a hundred thirty five million dollars
Schindler's List is Jewish it's the same
thing he's rich we are the same all of
us are [ __ ] there we're all
embarrassment but movies music and art
comedy that's why I'm in the room
together that [ __ ] brings us all in the
same room brings us all together I
learned the power unity when I was in
high school right I went to a high
school in West Side Chicago called
Whitney Young good house all right cool
so anyway I'm in the cafeteria stood
Missy Elliott CD you know right Jeff
white friend of mine comes to me takes
my headphone off which was a no-no but
he did it anyway
had to be important he's like Clark man
have you heard of this band called creed
they sold 80 million records I had never
heard of them I lied to said I did he's
like Oh dope
takes off on Missy LCD puts the pretty
CD and goes to a couple tracks a week
later we at the concert right we have to
Metro
listening to Creed I fell in love the
lead singer Creed crazy dude named Scott
Stapp this was Scott gave me I know he
stole it but it was the most confusing
but Lady useful add thereby ever heard
of music midway through the song he
stops and goes what the [ __ ] does that
mean did you do it I don't know I was
confused by no no no yes I did right I
had no purpose for it until a few years
later I'm with a girl she asked me if I
came already and the only thing I could
think of in that moment no no no no I'm
sorry I was trying to tell you higher
and have full of with arms wide look I
made a playlist is 18 tracks
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
I was in England recently and went Ben
England I met a very [ __ ] British girl
there that's redundant I met a British
girl there and uh and they're very
aggressive over there she says you know
what having sex with me will change your
life having sex with me will change your
life I was like why D of AIDS and then
she said this blew my mind shows can I
see your Yankee [ __ ] cuz though you love
everyone with British ethic [ __ ] huh
would you say Mary Poppins she grabbed
my hand she took me how to pop into this
alley you've been angling you know
England's mostly alleys this is what it
is just smoke going up every little
shadowy figures and Dickens Waifs run
around like a no if it opens oh and she
gets in front me in the alley and drops
on her knees I know cobblestone and I
never anyone ever had I never had alley
head before I map done I've had like you
know I'm crazy I'm Ed I've done like I
have like public you know I've been like
outdoor sex and [ __ ] no I do I do crazy
I was I had sex of pool recently huh I
had sex in the pool which is [ __ ]
awesome
one Oh was it was I was actually wetting
the water I felt like I was [ __ ] a
squeaky toy and all the kids the rec
center was screaming so you know I don't
I don't recommend it it's so dumb so
anyway I'd never had I don't use my
hands like you Calvin Klein it ain't
[ __ ] Michael Jackson's the wall I was
in England so I did a little teapot is
that the [ __ ] so I put my hands on her
head as safe right and the Catholic
priests pose and
then huh
should I say wait from religion okay I
put my hands on her head in the Jerry
Sandusky pose and is it to sue for
Sandusky joke for Penn Station you know
maybe I should wait like 10 years to say
something just like everyone else at
Penn State did oh my god you see what I
did that's intelligent I went to
Princeton University I have an aerospace
engineer I'm intelligent so get a blow
job in an alley right and uh and British
women give great head right because less
teeth and I marry my Skechers shape-ups
I'm getting a calf workout it's all
going and I'm starting to feel looking
one start feeling ticklish lost on our
hair moved our hosts couches
for the first time my life I thought
please have cancer please got off cancer
please tell me Stephanie Anka Kaka's to
make a wish peace on your girl with
cancer yo I was out of there the second
I came you know I mean I didn't stick
around I kicked her dams up when I fled
you know the worst part by that joke is
is that joke it actually happened for
real it really did Lou you probably got
a bj from a dude you probably got a bj
from a dude I might got BJ from dude
but clipping left [ __ ] worse I could
have gotten obj ha ha that would be a
tragedy it Emagine that
guys stop playing pranks on women women
say they have a sense of humor they're
[ __ ] Liars women do not like a fight
they don't have a sense of humor women
are here tonight because of jokes
not because I'm pointing at them because
they're just general jokes but if I
point at [ __ ] single girl sure but
let's just say I swear to God in the
history of time know since Eve
nobody's ever [ __ ] had I said to you
were for females I'm telling you you can
play any prank on the guy we can
literally look at your like ah [ __ ] you
got me [ __ ] that's [ __ ] up
yeah that's it [ __ ] good one get out
will [ __ ] you up next time watch well
you play a prank on a chick I just hit
your sweater [ __ ] relax
god [ __ ] damn but I'm here tonight to
tell you ladies that you can always get
back there's a couple of pranks that you
could do to your guy a [ __ ] mop
mentally all right pay attention but it
you gotta be like series with this [ __ ]
like this isn't acting okay
ladies the next time you're giving your
guy head just hear me out okay okay this
is what acting comes in right just pull
it out of your mouth and pretend you're
about to [ __ ] punch just slowly you
know what I mean just like sitting cuz
he think to it you're owing to it just
pull it out just with me [ __ ]
watch what he does
oh the [ __ ] on I will [ __ ] him up
mentally this is this is my favorite oh
this is my man friend good all right
you're a minute in pull it out bark at
it and then continue it like as if
nothing happened
oh yeah just pull it out Rock just
continue that will [ __ ] him up mentally
guys five years later he's gonna be like
dog I was having his [ __ ] chick over
one night this [ __ ] barked at my dick
like literally but like it was kibble
depressed
it's funny I have a son and a daughter
right - my sons oh [ __ ] get married ever
to my daughter you lock it up baby get
your money me huh
I have an older daughter - she's like 21
22 yeah no we [ __ ] early she's hot I
hate that [ __ ] I don't know I'm a dad on
a hot daughter I want a [ __ ] hey
daddy
don't say I want a creepy [ __ ] don't
scare me
hey well [ __ ] you scare the [ __ ] out of
me I'm sorry that I lost my bail I'll
get you another pal creepy I got I asked
my friend my friends always ask that
they nobody have kids here boy and girl
a boy and a girl what would you rather
have Jen lesbian daughter or gay son
let's [ __ ] no lesbian daughter any
data-- [ __ ] weak hell yeah I still
kick it with her you don't saying a
frickin beer with me i watch the game
with me be at the mall young same bit
the [ __ ] mall checking out chicks man
I don't be the dress shopping my son
how's this looked at [ __ ] we'll take it
it could create a car we'll be in the
car but we're Mexican we don't say gate
we say has a funny buddy yet hasn't find
nobody is he gay I in the front nobody
yet who's that with him oh he's a fan of
it either
they're looking together he drives a
pink central we have get back credits
like
you got shorts on I mean what the [ __ ]
that's some gangster [ __ ] but you're out
today you just relate [ __ ] it I'll stay
out ha ha ha like I'm ready to go change
let's go to a comedy show we're here
[ __ ] the bottom of my under my knees I
don't need to cover that [ __ ] for nobody
that's pretty cool to wear shorts that
night did you have to wait hold on did
you have them on when you woke up you
put those on or at night you were like
I'm gonna get my night shorts that I
like that a little better though
actually both ways are cool both ways
are cool to wake up and be like [ __ ]
yo all day bro ok but it's also cool to
be like to have shorts on and then like
7ik p.m. rolls around and you're like
you think these shorts are cool just
wait till I get my [ __ ] night
shoreside night charge from Brown night
Shawn gotta get the night Shawn the most
dope song of all time put on him night
Shawn you thought the first shots I had
I was dope check it out now check it out
now Pat 7
you got bad seats if I was over here you
can see [ __ ] if I did my whole thing if
I did my whole thing like this you could
probably get some money back you know
what I mean you could you could this is
your see right here like this this is
basically what that thing is you know
I'm doing right now yes you see nice
shorts I'm gonna relax no matter wha huh
it doesn't matter if I got a meeting
[ __ ] under my knees [ __ ] gonna my knees
I shown to everybody you in a row I'll
go give them my knife
give it my funeral shots Brown I don't
give a [ __ ] so this was backbone this is
my world this is my world you live in
and take a look at my chin both [ __ ]
Brown never don't have short song never
don't have short song cool as [ __ ] was
that time you wore pants hey everybody
I'm Marcellus in the last factory
production crew and guess what we're
giving away free stuff
I got a woody please coming at you from
last factory New York vintage what
you're going to do is subscribe and then
you're going to comment below that you
subscribe but you also got to tell us
the plane trip you do that and check us
out
you first he'll let you
please don't be racist it hurts my heart
are you guys doing oh let's check it
done
now but my best friend just had a kid
clever of your parent where the parents
at you guys are talking to Rosa parents
you guys aren't well [ __ ] okay okay so
we have a population problem chill out
but now my friend my friend just had a
kid he said it was a greatest day of his
life is that true was that true yeah
everyone says it's a grace they're like
and he's like you're missing out on the
miracle of life it's a great day your
life and like I don't know he's like
well what's your Gracie I'm like I don't
know sorry think about it and I and I
remembered that I had a crush on this
girl in high school
Amy Nelson she was funny she was smart
she was gorgeous she was prom queen
homecoming queen everybody loved her but
I was an awkward kid I was like 99
pounds I was like 5-1 I had those clear
braces which was just yellow and I had a
mullet and I called myself the Persian
Andre Agassi he's already Persian so you
know why I got a 22 on my a CT but like
right after high school in college Amy
Nelson got married right away to a
successful poet whatever the [ __ ] that
means but I kept in touch with her like
I watched her on Facebook every day and
don't judge me and I saw one day that
her profile picture change from her and
her husband to just her oh my god
something's up
right so I poked her which you can do on
Facebook still and she poked me back so
then I messenger and then she told me
she got divorced I'm like I'm sorry
let's go out and talk about it and then
I'm an opportunist come on we started
dating for like two months all my
friends like how the [ __ ] are you going
on with Amy now so I got her I'm pretty
funny
it was great like everything was great
the food tasted better like they say
everything was amazing for two months
and then one day she told me she was
pregnant
yeah miracle of life and and I was like
I'm not ready to be a father I mean I
didn't say that to her that's not what
you're supposed to say right away right
but I thought it like I felt the weight
of the world on me I was like I got to
change my whole life I can't not ready
for this and for two weeks it was a
miserable experience and then she told
me one day that she was cheating on me
yeah and I wasn't the father and I was
like this is the greatest
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
your third isn't such an interesting age
you know I gave it 29 people still have
hope never talk to them how are you I'm
29 I can do it oh my god you'll see my
third like everyday like I'm no longer
like I'm just officially sir you know I
mean by 18 to 25 bro I can't be bro
anymore so bro we're going out tonight
[Music]
your friends are getting dinosaur drunk
when's the last time your friends got
dinosaurs wrong just aa white boy way
the 25 to 30 your dude dude we're
getting married dude we're having a baby
I'm 30 honest you sir sir we don't have
to see your ID you can come right in
sirs our reason you're an Abercrombie
Java son or daughter here there's
somebody we could page to come and get
you
I'm trying to bypass oh there's a Sears
right now tree I'm not ready for Tigers
[Music]
I was I was dancing recently and this
one song came on that I always listened
to when I was in high school growing up
is called the cha-cha slide i DJ cast
but you guys know this song cool people
laughed when I brought it up because
they already know they're like that's
the song about instructions that's the
that's the song which is really weird
when you think about that as a song
right because like instructions aren't
lyrics right song just says slide to the
left you slide so left says one hop this
time this time you do one hop it says
Charlie Brown only like some people know
what to do you know I can't do that and
stand-up comedy I can't you know you're
just telling straight up just whack
jokes and then just expect I can't be
like and then like I'll feel hate
mondays yeah I got no job one laughs
this time so how it works but the song
comes on cha cha slide you hear that
song you do it right you feel that miss
town didn't you just do it if you
realize it's been such a long time since
you got funky funky
and you just do it you know you start
dancing then you keep dancing and you
keep dancing then you keep dancing and
that's when you eventually get to your
point where you think to yourself yo
how long is the cha-cha slide and that's
when DJ Casper gets back on the mic and
goes now it's time to get funky and
that's what you thought you were doing
the whole [ __ ] time and you realize
hey Casper does not give a [ __ ] about
the song he just wants to make humans
bend to his will
right it's all the way up to six times
you're like six hops I'm a [ __ ] adult
what I meant to do it it's got a little
like every time it tells you to do
something sounds like the songs like
verbally berating you so song just like
my family I swear to God songs like how
low can you go like sliding so long the
song is so long - by the end of it you
just want to climb on top of a tall
building just be like one hop this time
[Music]
ah man had a pretty good good week
you know effect we're almost midweek I
got some some cool news from all my best
friends
last night you told me he's gonna be a
dad which you know sometimes you get in
vote for people and on paper you're like
man this sounds fine but I don't know if
I should be hearing this from you who
first say he was like dude I'm gonna be
a dad can you believe it I was like not
really dude I saw you puke in a car you
were driving six weeks ago so this is
terrible news for everybody involved
he's like I know man carpe diem I'm like
I don't think that's what you're
supposed to use that dude this is not
the time or the place to quote movies
he's a decent guy which is not the issue
he just definitely as the vibe of a
father whose uh kids for sure are gonna
calm by his first name you know I'm
saying this isn't command respect
no all right boy it's time for bed [ __ ]
you Dustin alright chill chill you know
what I'm here to supervise you guys do
what you're gonna do I have nieces
that's the coolest thing I have two kids
they're adorable twin girls nine and
they're people at night they have
opinions and perspectives no soap no
filter which is tough to be on the
receiving end of cuz they just say
whatever the [ __ ] they want and then
that cognizant of feelings being at
stake they're just like here it is him
[ __ ] here it comes you know and they
just trust that you're secure enough
emotionally to handle all the verbal
abuse and I'm not I'm weak
I was driving these little [ __ ] to
swimming practice someone's home it was
dead sound in the car and by the way
given swam with twin nine-year-old girls
you need a lot of patience because every
five seconds is uncle Adam watch this
watch this watch this I'm glad Huggle
Adam watch this watch this watch this
look at it look at it watch this what is
what's inside with the [ __ ] watching
[ __ ] do it already
dammit it's obviously gonna suck
otherwise you would have just done it
you know nothing impressive ever follows
watch this so that's out in the car and
one of them just chimes in OCO Adam oh
yeah what's going down Justin I'm sorry
I don't have a wife yet
and I was like Oh mind your [ __ ]
business
[ __ ] I don't tell you how to color stay
in your lane [ __ ] degree Slurpees I
thought we're on the same team you know
they're obsessed with Barbies - that's a
go-to toy you know they just can't leave
the house without it they fight a lot
though typical sibling rivalry I think
we've heard all these fights that not do
they're all typical you know just Bobby
would never wear that on a Tuesday well
how do you know she's going to have
sushi with Stephanie who's Stephanie her
new friends from work welcome I've never
met her
look beetle pay attention to who she
hangs out with [ __ ] you [ __ ] it's just
you know Barbie hits a wall one of my
niece's comes running in tears streaming
down her face so adorably said she don't
gladden Brianna through Barbie against a
wall she's got a boo-boo you keep you
gotta fix it when killed it's so good
well I'm sure I got this worse a boo-boo
in my knees holds Barbie up in front of
my face I swear to God spreads Barbies
legs wide open yeah she's nice she's
nobody was she doing moist the Barbies
crossing goes right there cuz now I'm in
this uncomfortable position of do i
disappoint my niece and not make her
favorite toy feel better or do I eat out
a plastic person in front of a
nine-year-old oh yeah cuz what do you do
with the boo-boo baby would you kiss
that [ __ ] so if I going downtown on this
[ __ ] or leaving her to die in
broad daylight with no family around to
say goodbye there is a right and wrong
movement as a conundrum of all
conundrums she's crying tugging all the
right heartstrings so I was like you
know what [ __ ] it brookie uncle Adam to
the rescue Barbie's about to feel a
whole lot better racing my way
and let the pros gonna work yeah this
could take between seven minutes and an
hour and a half I don't know what kind
of a week Barbie's had I have to put in
some OT look at him why are you kissing
her like that get out of here go make
the purple tree this isn't your world my
skipper watching shut up she loves it
she's a freak it says it on the box read
the fine print
[Music]
you
oh gosh man I freakin I've been in hotel
rooms now like three weeks straight just
in random ass hotel rooms doing dumb
stuff I bought a cantaloupe you're
aren't even see you're not big of a
dumbass you feel like you buy a
cantaloupe
get back to the room and don't have [ __ ]
to cut it over with now I can't even
reheat my Chinese food in the microwave
cuz of the metal wire at the top I want
to put it in the microwave but we still
don't know what happens and I can't risk
it cuz I don't want to be the reason we
create a new warning sign cuz we all
know every warning sign started with one
dumbass that's why you can no longer
dive in the shallow end one day some
dude win for coming down here where it's
safe where the lava comes to my knees
[Laughter]
guy with the machine like this cuz I
guess the Machine collapsed and murdered
his ass I wish I could have met that
dude
to see how bad he needed a granola bar
he must have snapped that day like then
the machine was like man's to get this
[ __ ] I would hate to get that eulogy
we're gathered here today to find out
what a man did for Klondike bar that's
my biggest fear dying hilarious I don't
want the funny part to be why I died
this poor guy did giving a sermon he
liked well how'd he die well you know he
loves snacks right sometimes they don't
even put up the warning sign they make
the decision for you that's why I hotel
windows don't open
they open this much cuz they don't want
you to commit suicide I get it I get it
I get why the window on the 10th floor
doesn't open but how come the window on
the first floor don't open that jump
won't hurt
hell after that you might regain the
will to live but I made it God has a
plan for me
[Applause]
[Music]
I love women man I do but my
relationship gets scary she hates when I
hang out at night with homies like when
I'm leaving she'll say something to try
to haunt my entire evening it doesn't
happen until I walk out the door is when
she said as soon as I'm walking out
she's trying to scare me put the entire
night it doesn't happen until I'm walkin
out oh my god I'm about to lead she's
like you've already left
how does with me now I'm driving like I
know I was there when I said it I'm at
the club like how could I had left
already if I was there when I said that
[ __ ] my boys like yo Mike you call him
like when did I leave and I found out of
cause she loves me she loved me she's
trying to ruin everything because she
loves me I don't know who's in a
relationship but when you leave and she
says have fun you think she means that
[ __ ] have fun is the most sarcastic
disrespectful use the language that can
come out of a person's not have fun
you have [ __ ] fun
why are you always talking to me when
it's time for me to leave don't you got
an angry text message to prepare hey
this is Steve hops that are right here
at the Laugh Factory and I wanted to
thank you for subscribing to our channel
also we've got some amazing new videos
coming out in the next couple of weeks
so be sure to watch those you can watch
another video right now or you can buy
tickets to a show we'll see you soon
I worked in restaurants for years I was
a server bartender a lot of my friends
still do it like I like even so I go to
eat a lot now and I'd like I'm just
having that in mind I can't all right I
also just want to find out what atrocity
has to take place at a restaurant for me
to tell a restaurant server that
everything was not great I can't wait to
find out what my breaking point it's
like countless times in my life love
like the worst food the worst service
ever and I'm I was like everything was
divine thank you so much I was being
honest right now I will tell you that
this food is utterly inedible and the
service of you felt like that of an
actual baby waiting on us but here's a
31% tip you earned it thank you you've
been given like easy-out it's like will
eat nothing's the food is trashed
okay you guys want a box we'll be like
no like are you sure is okay like he
doesn't touch anything I'm like yeah it
was super good right
we'd a late lunch sort tum-tums are
pretty full here everything was
fantastic especially these fries I love
when fries are super duper wet and
freezing cold so tonight was a real
treat for us thank you how do you guys
do that it's a special secret in-house
fry preparation just do it the normal
way and pour milk on them at the end
we'll be back no I think for me to say
anything like complaining out of to be
served a dish with an animal that was
absolutely just like accidentally still
alive and in the moment I'd still
probably be apologetic and play myself
like hey ya know so far so good
this bear goes dynamite yeah there's a
perfect char in there oh my god dad the
salmon I have not tried the salmon yet
because it left
yeah it's it's under their table over
there
it's flopping a lot yeah they seem
pretty steamed
I'm so sorry was that my fault didn't
read the whole menu was I supposed to
punch it when it got here interactive
immersive experience all dining stabbed
and spare the tip I'm not gonna send it
back oh my god you guys are so busy just
you know what yeah just bring me a to-go
box I'll go over there I'll wrangle him
up
bring him home he can live my bathtub
until he dies yeah I'll leave the water
running so it feels like it's kind of
going upstream for his final days think
you'll appreciate that dessert yeah we
got a little bit of time just a quick
order those milk fries and we'll [ __ ]
off out of here okay see you guys next
week
[Applause]
[Music]
I hate song lyrics you know because
they're sometimes really stupid right
and the killers have a song out there
right now that says are we human or are
we dancers yeah what the [ __ ] it's
stupid I'm human and a [ __ ] dancer
I'm both dumb for that Elton John song
and it goes if I was a sculptor but then
again no then don't write it I need your
thought process help just say you're a
guy travelling in a traveling show
whatever it don't say that line I shot
the sheriff but I didn't shoot the
deputy but you shot the sheriff if
you're on trial for shooting the sheriff
I don't care what you did to the deputy
we all know he's right here but you shot
Jeff John Brown
that you get old quick it happens I I
got this thing called Bell's palsy this
summer and it's a it
it proves there's a god and I'll tell
you why because what it does is it
causes half your face to paralyze yeah
you have it you have it right now or you
have it yet it's what why'd you have to
say twice a [ __ ] though it
doesn't stay in your system shut the
[ __ ] up now you don't understand my
panic attacks for like months now
why don't with stays in your - no don't
stop only 15% of people get it twice
it's awful isn't it yeah it's terrible
half your face paralyzed that's why I
think there's a God and he's got a
[ __ ] really dark sense of humor
because like if you paralyze your whole
face you die but he does half so you're
like no I thought wow like it's exactly
down the middle yeah people think it was
for people I went to the hospital they
told me I was having a stroke
plugging me up to [ __ ] like I'm sorry
man
you know sorry you're one of those young
guys that gets it and my wife was with
me and she is what's happening knowing
oh he just has Bell's palsy and my life
goes well why is half his face drooping
and the doctor goes half his face isn't
drooping technically what happened is
half his face froze and the half they're
calling drooping is his normal face and
she looks for the doctor he goes well
can you make that half like the frozen
half but that looks good then you know
what causes it some virus are you on a
date your girlfriend it's her Peas uh
it's a herpetic virus yeah she's like oh
great yeah that's what my wife felt like
when I was in the he goes I comes from a
herpetic virus and the doctor goes my
wife goes just in the middle of the
hospital she goes you gave me [ __ ]
herpes and every verse is like what the
[ __ ]
and the doctor goes it's not it's not
the bad herpes it's not the genital
herpes it's not like the scabs on your
genitals he goes it's the good herpes it
comes from the chicken pox same virus
that gives you the chicken pox you have
that virus in you and most of us had the
chicken pox see you can get it and I'm
sitting there looking at the doctor with
my Facebook yeah I'm like I think I'd
rather have the bad herpes like I got
this half paralyzed face my I won't shut
I'd tape my I shot when I slept I think
I'd rather have a little scab on my [ __ ]
right
I'm taping my eyeball shut I hide this
gap what the hell that I just chucked
off too hard but this alright you can't
hide that you look like a [ __ ]
villain in a superhero film
[Music]
I studied like Justin Timberlake right
dozen Timberlake all the women love him
because he's like so talented he does
everything and he lets you know about
all his talents in one song where he's
like I could sing like a rap I could be
boxed oh I even got that comedy Jose
Benny is that high note it is over right
cuz you can't stop me from shining upon
whoa I'm plaited I can't no nothing
wrong but up a pop up but uh I'm perfect
right dude Justin needs his own TV show
right he needs choker like how would
Justin do he comes out shows you how he
does stuff but now how he does it cuz
you can't do it the same way Justin does
it raise like hi I'm Justin Timberlake
and today I'm gonna show you how I cook
rice now don't try this at home because
you won't be able to duplicate the
results hit it
I start off with a big old bowl of
grains yeah
I grew it in my garden walled it only by
my perspiration Wow
put it in the pot to make it hot we
don't need no gas just watch me dance oh
right so quick and rice so big took
place out the box and put the blossom
cuz you know how you did that
mini okay okay you guys having a good
time too matter what yeah
racism's bad you heard that here first
it's a heartache you can use it if you
want I think one of the worst parts
about racism is it's such a lazy reason
to hate people and we have so many just
like goddamn we have some good reasons
we just don't capitalize on you know I
hate thousands of people but it's always
for the right progressive reason I think
about it you know I'm gonna give you the
number one demographic you should all
hate don't question this just hate them
the terrible the trash non-italian
people that try sounding Italian when
they say mozzarella you know these
[ __ ] people you met these [ __ ]
people not Italian never been to Italy
but they don't say mozzarella go mopes I
have like why are you talking like count
shockula why is this the thing I'm at
Subway all right anniversary dinner just
trying to spoil the wife one time give
me one day in the year let her know I
cared a great value this idiot just
waltzes in like he just owns the place
he's that guy so give me chicken
I need whole wheat not [ __ ] or not Swiss
no no I need I need multi Al's like not
here man on subway come on no culture in
subway that's the law you can't come to
a place you make bread out of yoga mats
and act all high society on me it's not
how this works that's okay if we're
supposed to be a sensitive society why
isn't that offensive cuz that's not
being cultured you're making a mockery
of somebody else's you don't sound like
that neither do they look at least be
cool if I went into Panda Express get
some ginger beef but I want to look cool
so I order in a Chinese I knees are
bowing at everybody no get [ __ ]
arrested I don't get how that makes
anybody nervous because I'm saying like
it'll be bad it would be wrong I hope
you don't do it hopefully you're afraid
I'm gonna do the Chinese accent
that's what's Happ
and I am for the next 45 minutes I'm not
going anywhere I'm just gonna do a
really racist Chinese accent that would
be wild if I did going in there like so
comped like all right daddy's hungry
what do we got whoa could I please yeah
Jeff coke is a Coker's of Pepsi ah it's
got to be coke no that's not it's not
your fault it's a little frustrating
maybe you should get superior Cola for
next time but that's fine okay could I
please get Jeff a little ketchup and
mustard packets I know it's kind of
weird I love this stuff have it on
everything thank you okay let's buckle
down noodle in the sauce noodle in the
sauce what I will please get not gonna
actually do it I want to create the
tension and it felt pretty tense so uh
guys thanks very much for having me I'm
Henry Shaw join the rest of the show
you
[Music]
you know what I got recently I got a I
got a mass text message from a girl tell
me that she got engaged which is the
mass text are the worst do you guys know
how this works
whoever sends this message out consent
to as many people as they want whether
it get sick and respond as many times as
they please is the open forum on your
cell phone hey I got a message from a
girl I don't know that well I don't have
a number for the right reasons to be
quite honest with you all it says is he
proposed I'm engaged sent to me and 26
other people I get back to my phone two
hours later I have 37 messages in my
inbox from complete strangers I'm so
annoyed I read them all and at first
there were some great ones it was
supportive it was like this is such
great news I better be invited then I
got weird in the middle somebody put ha
exclamation point what the [ __ ] happened
there yeah then underneath that somebody
put that's my [ __ ] [ __ ] which is
weird because I don't know who this is
coming from right like I don't know how
this is supposed to read I don't know if
this is maybe a girl being supportive of
her friend like that's my [ __ ] [ __ ]
spring break oh wait remember I don't
know or if it's a guy actually really
pissed off like hey that's my [ __ ]
[ __ ] I don't know then the bottom of
this thread somebody actually puts sorry
new phone who is this
who are you sending this to I felt like
I had to respond I felt like I had to
say something nobody understood knows
who I am I'm a stranger to most went to
personalize learn how I felt I was like
congratulations I should have [ __ ] you
when I had the chance
26 people got that you know
I just had a birthday just turned 50 to
October 3rd her birthday 52 yeah thank
you told the woman I was 52 she said you
look good for your age
which sounds like a compliment until you
start to remember that people used to
just say you look good period
I'm not a fan of the modified compliment
makes you sound like you you've been
hanging around so long and they have to
start saying different [ __ ] you can't
you look good for your age don't
compliment people categorically it
doesn't sound complimentary for your age
you look good over there with those
other old people over there a compliment
should end with the most complimentary
phrase in that sentence that's the true
compliment you look good period that was
a compliment right there like I didn't
say to her that dress fits you nice for
someone your size I didn't say that see
if that doesn't sound like a compliment
does it that's a compliment slash insult
accomplice all that's better
something made famous by the French I
imagine the accomplice old yeah getting
up dude oh don't worry about it though
I'm a black man you know we age very
well I know you've noticed that can't
tell if a brother's 5535 can tell we
kind of float in there you know just not
aging at all just showing no signs of it
it's a good little deal we got you know
it's not foolproof it's not a deal that
I would have made you know genetically
black men do age very well but we also
die sooner than other races but you kind
of [ __ ] up the whole good aging
process
nothing messes up good aging like early
def just almost makes it not even worth
it you know
I've been watching your president out
here since the elections and I try to
people always tell me oh it's really
hard must be hard to be a president and
I thought to myself yeah but you know
it's hard being a comic I try to imagine
Obama as a comic that's down here today
to tell some jokes
what is orange and sounds like para a
carrot hold on hold on hold on hold on
second joke what cheese what do you say
when you have cheese that is not yours
nacho cheese now I'm not getting paid
for this and I hope that situation will
change thank you thank you god bless
america
thank you
then the Kardashians come along holy
[ __ ] goddamn these women are just
destroying every man in their path okay
holy [ __ ] that's a weird brand of
feminism you just destroy all the men
how did that go down hot
Ray J was a budding pop star gone right
Reggie Bush won a Heisman Trophy and a
cell career gone just terrible athlete
once you get to the NFL Kris Humphries I
don't know he wasn't really that good
anyway but whatever
Lamar Odom used to be a upstanding
citizen now you can barely stand up
that's what the [ __ ] happened to him
Kanye West in rehab twice already dyed
his hair blonde I'm going to tell you a
secret
all you white people never trust a black
man with blond hair okay he's got bad
decisions every [ __ ] time I've never
heard a black through a blonde hair core
with a good idea like let's go to
Harvard that's never happened ever soon
to be going on these women have [ __ ]
up the lives of more black men than
Chicago Police Department okay [ __ ] is
going on even Bruce was like [ __ ] I'm
joining your team okay I'm good ever
whatever what are you doing you got
bruised in dark hair I'm in I want that
game what's going on how can I join if
this is the 16 hundreds we would have
drowned that whole family by now and
here's the deal I'm not saying witches
are real I'm not saying it was cool for
men to drown women who were just acting
a little off because they thought there
are witches I'm just saying if the
Kardashians were alive in the 1600s we
were to watch each of them take their
last breath and cheered the whole
[ __ ] time okay
[Applause]
[Music]
not only they allow violation I'm in my
forty's I should care what I died I
don't know even know what I am I swear
to God I don't know part of me still
feels like I'm a Democrat you know
because I really haven't accomplished
anything and then the other half is
getting conservatives so those ideas are
just clashing into one another it's
weird it's like I'm Republican and
Democrat on the same issue how'd it
happen like our own as many guns as I
want but I don't want any of you to have
them you know I'm a responsible guy I
consider myself pro-life but there are
several people I'd like to see that I
think we all we all have a hit list come
on there's a guy you work with Abby
didn't wake up tomorrow you'd be [ __ ]
ecstatic you know who is gay marriage
let's marry whoever you want be happy
but can we have a trade-off maybe like
abolish men's gymnastics this is
disgusting I'm sorry
but this is getting too homoerotic at
this point I'm a have you ever seen this
thing finishing the TV stream during the
LMP like come on fellows I mean at least
start wearing some sweatpants ish it's
an HD now ders you know
there's kids watching this stuff it's
like a 65-inch become coming at me on a
plasma screen crying time family hour
television it's gross
just looking at him like of course
you're good at tumbling you'd be getting
pushed down your whole life I don't even
have to watch this anyway
[Music]
you
[Applause]
man this is a very big show for me
because last week marked one year of
quitting my job at a corporate level to
pursue entertainment yeah that's pretty
cool right yeah and next week I'm going
back so now here's the thing I I left my
job and when you leave a corporate job
to do entertainment it's like [ __ ]
hopes dreams passion all that [ __ ] right
I'd say it's like 80% that right but for
me the 20% that really mattered was the
fear of ever having to work another
nine-to-five job you know because here's
the thing if I have to read another
email that ends in warm regards I'm
gonna kill myself with a warm butter
knife do you understand who the [ __ ] do
we turn into in these goddamn emails
okay this word should is not real all
right here's what I know these PC emails
aren't real right apply it to your
day-to-day life right like let's say you
went to in and out right who knows maybe
you got money like that right you go to
in-n-out right there like God number 42
I got 42 right here you walk up and guy
goes okay sir here's your burger enjoy
Enda more my guys you'd be like cool so
there's semen in my double double you
can't look another man in the eyes say
warm regards and not get a little bit of
nut in the dub dub is what I'm trying to
say here
that's my new merge dropping tomorrow um
just got back from Canada and that [ __ ]
I don't yeah [ __ ] I should have done my
poutine show god dammit uh here's the
thing about Canada I don't know what the
[ __ ] the weather is doing out there I
was so nervous to go out there right
because here's the thing I don't do well
in the cold like my biggest fear as a
man is being caught in public with hard
nipples see how weird just got in here
right like nobody knows how to talk
about dudes with hard nipples yet right
that's like a very 2024 topic you know
like I got band-aids over my [ __ ] right
now I didn't know what the AC was gonna
be like in here you know
saying but on the opposite for girls
it's one of the sexiest things ever
right why is that right you ever seen
your girl she just you know moved a car
in the morning you know how la B Street
parking right you know it's cold she
walks back in the house right her nips
just waving at true through little H&M
t-shirt right you know it's sexy you're
like Vanessa I see you know brahmanda
get it girl all right it's sexy
then you ever see a dude out in public
with hard nipples like yo get this guy
away from every school district ever how
the [ __ ] are you not in jail right now
he's just out and about living his best
life like I'll go to number three with a
large fry uh no you'll get a number 25
to life dude lock his ass up bro lock
him up man I've been thinking about
nipples a lot lately and I don't want to
divide the crowd real quick but be
honest has anybody here ever had the
luxury of suckin on a peer steady yeah
doesn't that [ __ ] kind of taste like a
harmonica a little bit my grandpa's
World War two harmonica you know you can
just taste the war stories coming out
with each suckin ya bayonets uh-huh yeah
yeah letters to Grandma mm-hmm yeah I
don't know the reason thing about
nipples is scrolling down my Instagram
and I see this [ __ ] all the time girls
love to get their nipples pierced and
they love to show social media without
telling social media no I'm talking
about right scroll down your Instagram
right you'll see this [ __ ] right
you just scrolling scrolling scrolling
going about your day eating an omelet I
don't know how you live right and you
come across that picture and there it is
ready it's just like boom titty looks
like it's just bench pressing it's
maximum you know you're gonna see the
dumbbells on each side right hitting a
new personal record it's got like a Nike
sweat band on and everything you know
here's the thing that's gorgeousness
beautiful but what throws me off is the
caption never addresses the most obvious
thing in the picture right so it was
just some [ __ ] Snapple quote you
know like not all who wander are lost
look are we even looking at the same
picture here like give me a better
caption like with the left nipples
always harder and it hurt too much to
get the right ones on you know like
hashtag sorry dad hashtag you're welcome
Brad you know like make it make sense
ladies
[Music]
you women are amazing I give you props
you can have multiple orgasms you know
how cool that is young lady you realize
you can come more than once in a row
without cracking the rear but busting a
blood vessel in your head it's like
you're retweeting your vagina to all
your followers you can just keep going
it's just like oh wait I came on oh wait
I came oh and most of the time the guy's
laying underneath you like get off of me
you're showing off your showboating
you're already an end zone quit dancing
cuz man we can only one time you know
you can only do it oh and now a word
from our sponsors [ __ ] I need three
minutes three-minute warning women just
man and when you do have an orgasm women
are the most beautiful creatures on the
planet look at your girl right at that
moment forget puppies and kittens
they're not cute look at your girl which
you have oh she looks like God sent
light down to her face now she looks
like she was dipped in unicorn tears
that was some pimp [ __ ] I just said
right there unicorn tears oh [ __ ]
but look at your girl right at that
moment beautiful just up wait almost
there Oh
you know the see start healing the
Obamacare website starts working hahaha
oh [ __ ] I'm on dog [ __ ] away goddamn I'm
just saying the ladies look at your guy
right at that moment yeah exactly
you laugh but you know we look like
we're changing into something else don't
we look like the moon hit us the wrong
way on some underworld [ __ ] like oh that
is so good what [ __ ]
[Music]
with tau where tau
y'all [ __ ] coming out after work thank
you so much
how's work today guys huh there's like
[ __ ] you [ __ ] it's not my full-time
thing doing good with uh I work in
construction during the day you guys are
like what do you put up the posters
[ __ ] at the [ __ ] then one's got to do
it just in a hardhat it's tough man
working a job I don't look like it my
first day on the job site they just
thought it was lost and it's [ __ ] up I
walked on this guy goes what are you
doing I was like I work here he goes
what are you trying to build and I'm
like friendships come here get some
paint
holding cupcakes guys come on they're
getting warm get out of your [ __ ] [ __ ]
somebody told me recently I will play a
construction worker if they were at a
Broadway play about construction it's
[ __ ] up why are you laughing in my
damn face still pretty hot me in bootie
shorts and a tool belt come see Mattie
chamber and nailed it was jazz hammer
angry made that but I'm a man my boss
like stop twirling I'm like I can't
happen back it's crazy so I just had my
boss thinks I'm such a [ __ ] just got my
performance review back says that I say
too much
so he's like Jesus Christ just don't say
it out loud I was like well they don't
put me near the mud what the [ __ ] it's
chasing me job they make fun of me on
the job sites pretty tough I'm pretty
witty for the most part but they always
like insult me and catch me off guard
and then I get really nervous and the
insults I say back make me look like an
[ __ ] this big guy named Hector he
goes watch all you little [ __ ] douche
bag I was like I'm a little douche bag
just suck my little dick
my boss is like yeah suck his little
dick I'm like the [ __ ] is happening yeah
I work too much I got dating a single do
any single people here there we go sad
single [ __ ] I got dating apps the
most annoying part about dating apps is
just my buddies who have them because
they always brag about the girl they
just match with but then they don't show
anybody what she looks like
I realize make them show you cuz they
get very honest with her appearance like
real quick
my butt is like yellow legit I just
matched with this girl she's like a
model Mike yeah prove it show me now
he's like she's like a foot model she
seems nice she's hooking she's
parachuting it's pretty cool it's like
just show me it's like it's a guy but
anyway so this [ __ ] look at that
truck seriously
shoddy okay how's our girls recently I'm
very self-conscious and I was talking
these girls they were saying size
matters for dudes is that a thing ladies
the size matter yeah it's always single
girls the a girl sitting next to their
boyfriends no it's okay second so
whatever he's like you'll walk on [ __ ]
no please person a day [ __ ] that I like
size your brain matters not size of your
penis which makes it's not like a guy
with the smallest dick here lady hope so
what male genitalia it's all smoke and
mirrors like ladies don't listen guys
let's not buckle Matt's here McGee
device if you're gonna bring her girl on
a date and there's even like a 1% chance
she might touch your penis you bring her
out you have her hold small things all
night
straws chopsticks blueberries write this
down single dudes don't think I'm
telling you again all right
a baby's finger it's all relative right
you have her hold really small things
all night you bring her home you put an
average penis in her hand she's like
okay King Kong yeah oh me too
it's not gonna fit mm-hmm you're a hero
get it guys are [ __ ] up bring her
girls bowling what are you doing putting
a 15 pound ball in her hand all night
this girl's [ __ ] hands cramping up
goddamn carpal tunnel strike think the
day's gonna go this get out of here you
bring her home you've done the lights I
put your penis in her hand she's like I
don't smoke you like [ __ ] it's my
goddamn penis she was Leisha talk to you
Amanda put like a sticky Sega my hand
what the [ __ ]
[Music]
how are you with the heavy sweater
[Music]
we were always cold were you from born
in New York but you live here we're in
New York I'm just teasin I don't really
know much about it it's fun to just say
blanket ignorant things isn't it just
like eyes you really don't even know
everyone so PC nowadays you can't say
much I met an Asian guy with a British
accent yeah try not to react to that you
think your PC get dealt that hand you're
like hey what's up man I'm Jake is Ohana
okay yeah why wouldn't there be you know
at this time and I've never seen you
before I've never seen that's an Asian
guy he's laughing so if you feel
uncomfortable suck it up he's laughing
he gets it he's like yeah I bet one time
have you ever been i do you British
accent thank you very much can we bridge
the gap you know what I mean don't you
think there should be some accepted
racism okay I mean they legalize
marijuana you know I mean let's feel
like all right how about [ __ ] you
know I'm not gonna be the first one to
suggest one but maybe some stuff that
we're just all cool with you know I mean
what's a racist thing sir just tell us a
basic basic thought that you have on a
day to day basis and then this test the
Romans seen it something we think should
be accepted
there's something basic women should
bodis they said women but all right I
don't agree with him I do not make I
think that's a little drastic from for
our test run test run it's a little
drastic I don't know what your
girlfriend things but that sexist now I
get it but I can't put women into a race
why not we're playing make-believe right
here in the game of do racist ideas
leave women out of it like I said
remember before I said it's fun to just
say blankets ignorant things that's you
know I was afraid to say anything racist
no I just kidding I was raised by all
women that's a fact
my house growing up was I had two
sisters I had a brother but my mom my
Nana and my three gray dots and they
were a little racist the aunts I mean
that's just what happens when you turn
102 start being racist oddly enough she
wasn't sexist
I'll give you a racist thing I saw I was
at the airport and I saw this couple
passionately making out before he was
getting on the flight she was not I was
going through security and they're
hardcore making out too late the point
they would set and then go back for it
they tried the breath away different
times and they couldn't do it finally
like she pushed him away he like shoved
him I think they both were here and I'm
watching them great that they were
Latino and Latina which says a lot a lot
of passion a lot of heat but I was
looking at murder I've never loved
anyone that much either baby getting in
the plane he got security he was like I
was like two kids I'm like I see yeah
yeah go around the curb she just opened
the door kicks me out I roll in the
baggage
[Music]
all right hi nice boobs uh
i doing sir you want to look go for it
look
is it your birthday [ __ ] yeah happy
birthday to both of them uh
how you doing sir this is your daughter
what is this
sister brother cousin whatever only fans
what's happening
i'm just happy to get the [ __ ] out of
the house it's late and i'm not home
with my kids [ __ ] them dude
[ __ ] my kids i got kids at home and
they're just [ __ ] they're just always
home
like they're always [ __ ] home like i
loved being a parent in 2019 but [ __ ]
now like [ __ ] that [ __ ]
they're just always [ __ ] there daddy
daddy i'm hungry i'm like [ __ ] me too
leave me alone [ __ ]
always there man they're [ __ ] always
there it's like oh remember when you
could drop your kids off at school
you're like go find food you know i
always go
but now you have to feed them breakfast
lunch dinner snacks activities [ __ ]
homework you gotta [ __ ] play catch up
monopoly fortnite i became a white
father because of coven
i'm just there with him and all the time
homework are you [ __ ] kidding me are
you serious homework really
i looked at the homework of math
i go if i give you the answers you're
not going to learn
but i didn't know the answer
it's [ __ ] hard dude he's like what
about history i'm like black lives
matter that's it
[ __ ] graduate [ __ ] go
i would get full i would get phone calls
and emails from the teacher remember you
need to step up and teach your son zoom
isn't working yet i emailed him back no
i was like come over [ __ ] wear a mask
i just want you to go back to normal
[ __ ] full capacity just send the kids
back to school forever
just send them back seven days a week 12
hour shifts just leave every day
like what was the worst thing that
happened with schools in 2019 worst case
scenario
school shooting whoo
like i'm willing to take that risk
there's about to be a school shooting at
my house papa all of them
i just want to [ __ ] sir i just want to
[ __ ]
and you can't [ __ ] with them there my 16
year old the [ __ ] [ __ ] in the
bathroom
right i kicked the door down if i'm not
coming you're not coming stop that [ __ ]
[ __ ] now i'm just i hate them
i'm so happy i'm here right now
[Music]
you
I've been single for two years and what
I realize about women is women or mean
yeah you're mean [ __ ] people all
right and I wake up every day wishing I
was gay every single day I look at my
dick I'm like nope don't want to suck it
yet
and then I go on my merry way that's
what I do you know because I'm waiting
for the day I want a guy around the
house I really need one I need to fix
some [ __ ] to a man's soul way more than
men do to women a date with the girl
should be rethink my whole entire
existence it was a great day today she
kisses me she's like oh my god you made
me laugh so much I want to see you again
I was like cool let's do it again next
day on Facebook she post a meme that
says hot boys are overrated find a five
that makes you laugh
I was not laughing at all no I thought
it was at least the seven you know at
least this I have great hair fat ass
parents who loved me that's pretty solid
for a seven you know no but none of you
said I wasn't a five so now I'm thinking
I am a five thank you I appreciate it I
was ruined I had to call my mom to cheer
me up cuz I'm a mama's boy
she's like sweet hot just remember in my
eyes you're always at ten and I was like
yo you trying to [ __ ] my like what's
going on right now why would you say
that [ __ ] to me you know that's just
weird don't say that to me this is not
Game of Thrones
I'm not Game of Thrones and up here I'm
not a Lannister
[Music]
nice introduction to be honest with you
no matter how many years you've been in
show business when you hear an
introduction like that you still get a
little bit nervous because you're
thinking the audience is saying to
themselves well come on now if the guy's
been on all Vogue shows have worked on
those places why would he come and work
in a [ __ ] house like this I'm trying to
figure out why myself not a white
because the owners of this place is a
good friend of mine he's a nice guy and
he has a picture of me with a goat I'll
be damned I'll do anything you ask me by
the way you're on the great net you may
not know this on this date in 1850
California became a state at that time
the state had no money almost everyone
in the state spoke Spanish and there
were gun fights in the street so you see
nothing has changed
I'm Jerry Brown was governor at that
time also yeah I was spending I got a
tip driving in from Palm Springs I
played in a golf tournament down there
three days in a row and so I'm very
tired and I pulled the gas station of
Palm Springs to get some gas and
thinking the two and half hour drive
back here you can fall asleep at the
wheel it's a long drive and I was tired
and I was filled with gas and went
inside they looked at refrigerator and I
saw that Red Bull have you ever drank I
drank the kinglet Red Bull I was halfway
back to Los Angeles before I realized
that my car in the station
they'll call that [ __ ] cocaine and again
I don't do blow up friend of mine once
said to me and when did it snow some
cocaine I'm not making herself a true
story 70s Tom you should smoke okay then
I said why he said because when you
snort cocaine whatever you are it
expands that a hundred times but what if
you're an [ __ ] I was in Chicago and I
got searched at O'Hare Airport coming in
I ain't Esad stands for touching
sensitive areas is that a choice I can
be patted down or going to that machine
didn't miss radiation and to find out
and this needs my life that I get in
touch I think that you know you should
be able to pick your path
when I was home though smokes every time
smoking dope always made me paranoid I
smoked go bang gu three words what was
that I'm gonna need zigzag and I'm gonna
smoke go Bombay bone and the first thing
you do when you go home with Snoop Dogg
leads to the house wound to the bathroom
I look behind the shower curtain and see
if there was a murderer my question is
this if there was what you plan
[Laughter]
but in baseball in 1871 men somewhere in
the cup to measure growth individuals in
1971 in baseball it became mandatory to
wear a helmet
it took men 100 years to realize the
brain is important also I think football
now is going on when I bring this up for
a reason I was a running back one time I
wasn't lack of parts and the night dr.
ball and kick me right square in the
family jewels I see this for reason
because all my life all I've ever heard
from women are young men couldn't stand
the pain of childbirth many couldn't
stand that the men get pregnant they
would want disability from the moment of
conception they couldn't handle it
we met no idea the pain of men
experiences when he is a good swift kick
their nuts right because I heard women
say when you're after childbirth it
might be nice to have another baby
[Music]
have you ever men say definitely good
all the time and she's singing it with
her husband or a boyfriend she's
pregnant people always walk up there
with a pad on some you can say
congratulations good job
[Music]
I just my wife's birthday is coming up
now that we're married I could just kind
of phone it in but when we were dating I
would always have to go above and beyond
one time I took on a hot air balloon
ride have you guys been in a hot air
balloon before it was dope but I thought
I was all smooth you ever picture
something in your head and then you go
to do it like oh that's not what I
pictured at all because I thought it was
just gonna be the two of us I thought I
was gonna get to fly the thing uh-uh
they put you in a wicker basket with ten
other couples you don't get to pick the
couples either they just sit you next to
them the flight itself was fine it's the
people on board that ruin it for
everybody else of course as soon as we
got a thousand feet in the air then lady
directly behind me started to get
airsick remember we're in a balloon
we're going five right now if you look
down there were people walking faster
than we were floating then maverick over
here can't take the g-forces of a
balloon the whole time we're not doing
loops in a fighter jet guy next to me on
the other side opposite side of blue an
asthma attack no inhaler no no he's a
grown man he's had asthma since he was a
fat kid but he's like you know what
today I'm gonna chance it
what better time to chance and then when
the altitude is at its thinnest so lady
behind me
this guy's sucking for air guy next to
me touches me out of the way with an
aggressive armbar gets down on one knee
proposes to his girlfriend game over
game over I took her on a date in the
sky right now I'm a bad guy because I
don't have a diamond I spent I had a
Groupon but yeah I hated that gets a
laugh every time all you can do in that
situation when it gets down you propose
the only thing I could do was just pray
it's like police say no please say no
just say no please say no please she
stopped him halfway through and said no
by the way she really the greatest
moment of my life I don't think it'll
ever get better than that that was the
greatest moment in her life but we still
had an hour and a half left of flight
that's a long time to stand next to a
man crying hour and a half couldn't hear
anything stone-cold silence you couldn't
hear nothing another thing you could
hear what's the wind and his tears
hitting the bottom of a wicker basket
because they were protruding out of his
face
finally my wife's like my wife's like
you should say what I said I'm like a
steno just um
look at the bright side man I always
look at the bright side of things look
how high up we are
you could just jump dude use your jaw
that's it for me guys thank you so much
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below face
you know guys sometimes I feel like a
pinball machine you know like I'm always
getting played and people be pushing my
buttons even when they don't have any
quarters
but but I stay positive guys I stay
hpv-positive
you know like my doctor recently was
like hey Kevin you have high cholesterol
and anything that gets your heart rate
going it's considered cardio and you
should do more of it
so what I'm doing now is instead of
working out I do a lot of cocaine it's
it gets my heart rate going and it gets
me sweating you know it's a great
alternative guys you know I've done so
much cocaine in my life guys that I lost
my sense of smell and now every time I
walk into a kitchen I like to take a
deep breath and wonder you know like are
they cooking you know earlier this week
I was fornicating with a with a chola
and I was sweating a lot you know more
than usual you know because of the
cocaine and I was sweating on her face
and next thing you know I looked down on
her and her eyebrows had vanished
gone you know I started to question my
own reality like am I gonna one day
vanish just like these eyebrows and just
not be anywhere in existence so I did
what anybody would have done in that
situation and I reached for the sharpie
and with two strokes I put him back on
her guys you know but she's angry now
but that's because I drew him that way
you see guys I prefer angry sex it's
much more pleasant you know like I
consider myself more like Shakespeare
than like Richard Pryor you know but I
do have a lot of priors but I don't let
my priors define me guys I don't let my
priors define who I am because when I
was in jail all I ever did was read and
educate myself like I was even reading
while I was getting butt raped and even
though my forehead kept hitting the book
and I kept losing my place I never gave
up never give up on your dreams guys is
what I'm saying you know because if I
didn't give up and then you guys give up
then who's the [ __ ]
who's the [ __ ] you know guys like a lot
of people say that the that the Sun
gives you cancer
right the Sun gives you skin cancer why
I decided to do a little research and I
came to the conclusion that it was a lie
the Sun doesn't give people cancer the
Sun gives white people cancer and
they're trying to trick us off guys you
know my spirit animal is is actually an
oyster and the reason an oyster is my
spirit animal is because I have a pearl
inside of me I have a pearl of cocaine
that has accumulated over the years like
I may be brown on the outside but I'm
white on the inside
like I recently got a job at a tanning
salon and pretty much what I do in this
tanning salon is I stand outside and I
tell people I got my tan here
I'm pretty much their mascot guys you
know like I remember when I was a
teenager like I came home from school
once and my grandpa gave me a beer and
he's like Kevin sit down I got some
advice for you
he was like Kevin listen like if you
live with your eyes closed then you can
put your dick anywhere but then my
grandma would always like counter his
advice she would always be like Kevin
like if you live with your eyes closed
then you end up like your grandpa with
AIDS but I want to make it clear guys
like my grandpa did not die of AIDS he
died of a heart attack he got a heart
attack when he got the news that he had
AIDS you know guys like the one person
that I love the most in this planet is
my mom like I love my mom because she
did a lot of things for me and the
number one thing she did was she gave
birth to me and she gave me a chance at
this life you know but you know who I
love more than my mom my grandma because
my grandma gave birth to my mom who gave
birth to me but you know who I love more
than my grandma you guys know who I love
more than my grandma the thing I love
more than my grandma is cocaine because
who needs a grandma guys like come on
grandma you've been here for a long time
now like it's time it's time thank you
guys
[Applause]
[Music]
what can I told you into a man dude some
Casey and Jo Jo what's that
you don't know by the way I know I'm
singing the song and the lyrics were
super appropriate for our relationship
right now you never what kind of army
are you into cuz Casey and Jojo to me is
like you know I put them in the top
three if there's like a Mount Rushmore
but Casey and Jo Jo probably you don't
know waste a head so you probably put
them together and make a double-headed
make some room for the other legends
who's your go-to who who is what two
feet away from you with a [ __ ]
microphone you could hear that question
who's your go-to I'm sorry who's your
go-to I'm sorry I know my mom tells me
that too you talk too fast
I'm joking the sweetest lady ever
I was very overly sweet I got her to
smoke bother me over the summer I was
pumped on that you know she hadn't
smoked in a long time because the last
time she smoked was she was getting
ready to you want to have kids and then
she goes we don't know what it does the
pregnancy I'm glad she didn't because
you know who knows I could be up here
being that yeah doing exactly what I'm
doing
because you could be way different but
not because I'm still I smoke so I order
Slurpees at 3 in the morning I could
have ordered for Slurpees if she had
smokes when I was in the womb and chips
you know but we smoked and she had not
done in a while so she had a lot of
overly conscious concerns you know but I
was punkers she has bad arthritis in mom
this might be a solid alternative method
to alleviate the pain for you and she
was willing but again freaking out you
know is she [ __ ] 67 she's just like
getting ready to take a hit she's like
this is like the new pot right it's like
the new funky weed what is this that
Oprah's [ __ ] what is this what is it is
it this like thing Cat in the Hat we
take a couple of hits you clean your own
[ __ ] house
I say no mommy's fine she's regular weed
yeah okay wait okay
are we gonna die she asked me if we were
gonna die and you know that's that's a
lot to take on you're just you know and
look I was confident in the effects of
the pot I knew where I got it from but I
was already a little [ __ ] up and she
said it that like concerning motherly
tone that definitely makes you step back
and reassess anything when it comes from
your mom and then any sort of question
you go you know and I am high so [ __ ]
double paranoia so she's like I'm
leaving it died on my [ __ ] I don't know
don't want to heat up that casserole
that could be the last thing we do
[Music]
you
[Music]
my kids made me crazy because whenever a
little like there's nothing like a
six-year-old that will drive you insane
like a six-year-old like six-year-olds
walk into a room like this what am I
gonna up in this room you know I mean
they do they're like okay that's going
down I'm gonna pull that dog's tail uh
like I would look at my secured and I
would literally like what's what's with
what's wrong with you you know what I
mean like you look at him like why are
you that you're like a little idiot like
you want us and their children like I've
said that to my kid you like a little
and then it comes out your mouth you're
like oh I've grabbed my son by the arm
grabbed him and said some [ __ ] to him
that you should never say there was
six-year-old like it though here oh I
will crush you I told on that I will
crush you into kid dust and then blow
your dust body away
a six-year-old will believe that [ __ ] I
don't want to be crushed you know I mean
that kid is now 16 though that's the
problem
cicada 16 years old he's five foot
eleven he's 190 pounds I never felt more
like a [ __ ] in my life and I said I'm
at my house walking through my living
room where I pay the bills right my
six-year-old comes walk in the other
direction and does one of these yeah I
went like this oh and I fell on the
floor and then he looks down at me and
goes I will crush you
you
beautiful mustache and a hat with a
mustache on it I know the [ __ ] to say
about that [ __ ] hey if you don't like
this one if Logan there's one right here
do porca chock-full of mustache dude I
[ __ ] shave one right here too [ __ ]
right over my dick man looks like
[ __ ] looks like a big-ass nose right
there her little nose whatever either
way either way I got three [ __ ]
mustaches you know I mean that's [ __ ]
three times the man you are [ __ ]
you ain't [ __ ] you got three [ __ ]
mustaches one on your [ __ ] dick one
on your [ __ ] where it usually goes
and then one on your [ __ ] it what's
that you got one in your pocket [ __ ]
yeah you like the rejected Batman
villain this is like a looking on doctor
moustache gonna
oh yeah a message here that's my thing
[ __ ] [ __ ] why do you want
moustache in your [ __ ] pocket for
real let's just stop the show right now
this is [ __ ] intriguing what I've
never met somebody with a portable
moustache just straight up like it came
in a first-aid kit or some [ __ ]
like [ __ ] somebody got shot what are
you gonna do oh [ __ ] ear yo dude at
least die like a man bro you're lucky I
got booked your extra mustache donger
dude you're like what's your name [ __ ]
you man
horses [ __ ] Riley thanks [ __ ]
Rolly I'm goddamn I'm the widest man in
the world man
you're even wetter than that dude look
at that [ __ ] he looks like you
and you had a baby that's how white he
is
[ __ ] man where's your mustache I'm a I
got a right here
there you have to [ __ ] beg
look at this [ __ ] hey still
don't show everybody come on in
why just staying on is what I want to
know boom a ball cuz that's a magic
moustache [ __ ] yeah who you
think it bent the moustache drive that's
[ __ ] me bar rally would did you have a
beard and you shaved it or you should
grow the mustache
alright bro I get it
who doesn't goatee anybody in here look
uh okay but here what what nationally
are you hey whoa [ __ ] man what who what
nationality are you
oh yeah okay so your mustache came with
a cellphone plan
you got ripped off you're gonna go
phones out of this [ __ ]
I can't smoke in public anymore that's
the kind of person that I have to do it
at the end of the night like a teacher
trying to unwind like that's who I you
know I mean like this [ __ ] kid you
know every goddamn day every day as
literally the last time I was in public
in New York City I was outside of a
comedy club no smoking weed alone I
don't want to brag but I want to paint a
picture I was not like posted up against
a comedy club with like a blunt coming
out of my mouth being like [ __ ] the pole
like that's nothing I was tucked in the
doorway next to a comedy club and I was
like smoking of a little one hitter and
frantically looking around for anybody
and in that moment I swear to God a
police raid decided to happen to the
building I was standing out front of ten
years I lived in New York City never
even seen one now there's one happening
to me in real time and they're all
coming out in waves there's 12 police
cars that screeched up there were dogs
then like assault rifle gang came by
there was a guy with a battering ram
coming towards me making direct eye
contact moving directly towards me and
of course being stoned I just assumed
they're there for me you know of course
so I have two choices I was like I could
either just like put it away and just
walk calmly back into the comedy club or
I could do what I did which was have a
complete breakdown that's what I decided
oh my god on the ground as I can spread
out I was admitting to crimes that
didn't come in I was like I stole from
the church like I just found you know
they're like it's just and of course
they weren't there for me they were just
like out of the way missed and then went
to where they have
anything I know that's funny but every
time an audience plastic crushes me
hey my name is Mark and I'm going to
ensuring here's the Laugh Factory
hope you enjoyed the video but now I
need your help my boss said that if we
don't get at least 2,000 likes on this
video then I get fired so please help me
keep my job
comment like subscribe and keep watching
our videos
[Music]
and if you can tell I'm tall enough I'm
64 I'm tall enough that people have to
tell me about it like I don't like I
haven't checked how far I am from the
ground recently hey you're really tall
what I've been five five I've done and
people like people take my height as
their inconvenience flying is already
difficult for me and I fly spirit
because I'm still poor and and I could
sitting I like was sitting in that like
in the window seat right there's two
ladies on my left and I have to go to
the bathroom and like I have been
holding it they can tell me a three-hour
flight I can do this and then adventure
like I won't have kids if I don't go so
I'm just like I look at them and I'm
like I can't even say the full sentence
and they both gave me this look like
like I just murdered their children in
front of them are you kidding it's like
in like I inconvenience them like a you
can't you think I want that I spent 45
minutes wedging myself into this spot
now I had to lumber over you and your
belongings to get into a room and just
piss down because I can't see I don't
know what's happening
only the lumber back over into my spot
for 15 more minutes
[ __ ] you are you kidding sorry I got it
[Music]
so weird time in the world now before
before I tell you this next bit I gotta
let me preface this by saying I love
guns I love God the my gun person I
actually broke my hand when shooting
guns and I kept shooting it
I rented a Smith & Wesson 500 it's a 50
caliber hanging and the bullets are so
big it only chambers five rounds at a
time then the cylinder I got off five
rounds bang bang bang and at the end my
hand started to swell up and it was what
I loved but maybe it's time to reassess
what it is to be American maybe it's
time to reimagine what it is to beat
America you know maybe maybe you don't
get to have 50 guns maybe you only get
to have as many guns as you can shoot at
one time to me maybe like if you can rig
a gun people say that's unconstitutional
well listen our Constitution is a living
document you can change things first of
all we just had the Constitution we
didn't have any of the amendments then
we were like there's the First Amendment
in America you can say whatever
then we realized the second event was
but you're gonna need some guns a few
amendments really oh my god this
drinking is out of control alcohol a
couple of minutes later but the people
in charge want to pit us against each
other so they don't have to deal with
the problems they want to label us they
want to say you are liberal you're a
conservative fight you're arrested
you're a blue state I can fight amongst
each other and while we're fighting
they're over here looting the wealth of
the world when I say they obviously I
mean the Illuminati that's what they're
doing so some of us might wise up and
ask questions like hey what are you guys
doing over there and then they're they
have to distract us with shiny objects
to like new nickels and quarters
[Laughter]
[Applause]
so they don't fix anything while they're
in charge here's what they do they take
an old problem relabeling put it back
out there hoping to fool us into
thinking they fix [ __ ] when they
happened there's we used to have illegal
immigration that they fix it no they
just called it undocumented workers I
saw a brochure at a casino this in
gambling is a terrible disease no it's
not
I have never banged a hooker and come
down with blackjack maybe her this
nonsense obesity is an epidemic no it
isn't you know what's unnatural you
receive people with as they're never
normal people just walk themselves down
every minute and it's not an epidemic
if obesity was an epidemic your fat
friend could Coughlin
and you have to call in to work even my
phone is a fat hello I can't make it
today
the fat is going around maybe then your
boss doesn't believe you are you fat for
real sounds like you're using your fat
boys
[Music]
everyone's everyone's talking [ __ ] about
Mountain Dew huh
lay off no sir there's a room member
that rumor though that rumor going
around that that Mountain Dew lowers
your sperm count
remember that people's used to say that
much like yeah obviously it does you
know cuz it's so good it makes you come
all over the place
nothing lowers your sperm count quite
like coming all over the place all right
I'm really bad at at like at meeting
people I'm sorry some of you I've met
tonight and I'm so I'm very awkward and
I can't like I can't do small talk I'm
really I just get nervous and like
awkward and and I just say dumb I can't
do it I can't you ever ask someone how
they're from my favorite how are you
from no no isn't it oh I'm sorry
whoa but I'll be too embarrassed to
correct myself oh yeah how how are you
from where you're from what's your
lineage what's your ancestry how'd you
get where you girl how you from I feel I
can talk we're talking up five you bout
fine
it's always girls pretty girls is the
worst trying to speak I once tried to
tell this pretty girl that I that I
liked her necklace which is a nice thing
then halfway through I psyched myself
out and I confused necklace and bracelet
because I'm just the dumbest man in the
world and I just told her that I liked
her neck brace and once I was talking to
this this pretty girl we were talking
about dogs and she had like a dog and
she asked me what my favorite dog was
you know and I was so nervous and I
couldn't decide between a bulldog and a
shih tzu you know what all that came out
was I just stabbed her in the chest and
I ran do that how awkward
here are the step motor ah actually oh I
have a little cousin now named Philip
there's a cute little kid a little
mixed-race I like them so far yeah the
funny funny thing about Philip is when
when Philip is around if I'm when I'm
with my girlfriend we have to kind of
speak in like codes you know if we want
to like you know have have sex without
how but hey do you want to want to go to
the the markets
bro why don't you like yeah let's go to
the market
that's a code means we're gonna you know
make love or sometimes she can't
obviously she has to be like oh sorry
the market is on my period right now
that means that she's on her period
right I'll be like oh well may I then
have a blow job at the at the market my
cousin will be like I'm 19
what do you guys to it we just hang out
over hanging out for thousands of great
stand-up comedy videos visit the new
Laugh Factory calm
it's cool man it's weird now that like
people recognize me and ship which
sounds like it's gonna be really fun and
exciting but also it can be [ __ ]
terrifying like the very first time I've
ever been recognized I was like stop to
my car to stop light which I do
most times Camaro not this time ah
stopped and people are like walking past
or on the crosswalk all cool like this
one guy and he stops and looks at Mini
goes this is the very first time I'm
ever recognized and it was like the
first time I was ever recognized so I'm
[ __ ] super excited so I go I didn't
know what to do so I just went like this
I went which is the douchiest thing that
you could possibly do when you're
recognized for something you've done is
just go like double peace on so I went
like this was like yeah I'm getting
recognized
someone noticed me and he looked right
at me he goes you've got a tight bun old
man fights and then you just walked away
which was cool and I felt pretty cool
about the whole thing until I realized
he said that phrase out of context
doesn't make any [ __ ] sense if you
say it off context because in the show
when you say something's like tight bug
holds because it's cool let's do but
then if it's like not cool salutes
Bunnel
whatever I'm a child who writes my own
television show I'm like
but it didn't say like you are tight
butthole he said you got a fight but oh
man yo buttholes that tightness rot in
public you screaming about the tightness
of my butthole
and I'm doing nothing to negate this I'm
just going like
I'm doing record or super if I get
excited about the thing we're on public
there's people walking past like dad
what does type call me well when two
grown men love each other for thousands
of great stand-up comedy videos visit
the new Laugh Factory dot-com
laugh at y'all think y'all can do better
than that make some love
I need this tonight man I'm unemployed
what-mon deployed people with too many
white faces okay all right I'm gonna
play this [ __ ] I'm only here cuz they
paying me that's it there they payin me
who's [ __ ] up will you a millennial
you don't have a job I'll be honest with
you isn't that like other Millennials
have a job pool for you to get other
[ __ ] yeah like I like all my friends
called me for jobs I don't even need
they do oh yeah my friend hit me up the
other day he was like yo Jerome you
could be a babysitter dawg
I'm gonna be no [ __ ] babysitter man
that's a scariest job in the entire
world like if I babysit your kids and
you don't come back I'm a father now
like I kids don't do that [ __ ] I'm
broke as [ __ ] on the north side that is
the scariest [ __ ] to me of all time like
I recently moved there from the south
side you know and now getting up there
getting you some different coaches or
[ __ ]
going around hipsters have you seen
these [ __ ] him Susan we're like
a great like they got a great week great
take on politics when you talk to one it
just like these skinny jeans get tighter
every year I don't know what the [ __ ] it
is like I was walking through Lopez quit
one day asked you to do G's so excited I
saw the text messages to his pocket I
promise - yeah - notifications on his
League um I had a [ __ ] I don't even know
I lived in the hips a neighborhood
it's a hipster broke it's in my car and
left better music I'm like how the hell
is this
got a call for the Fall Out Boy what the
[ __ ] I posed to do it all this [ __ ] it's
weird man anybody for lettin Warren and
Chicago clap it over you born in Chicago
that's good I'll do people eyes towards
y'all need to notice Chicago's the most
segregated city in the entire world
everybody knows that [ __ ] it's the
Northside a that's the Southside that's
what it is you know like even not busses
is tougher because of that [ __ ] yeah
like do you know the voice on the bus
change depending on what neighborhood
you antiquey by how that [ __ ]
it was happy to tell me where I was
going when I came it was like Bill Maher
I'm like oh that's nice that's nice
let's go shopping let's have it a
venture let's go vegan let's do that I
took a bus in a bad neighborhood scared
of taking Wells go on this [ __ ] that
[ __ ] like boom you sure about
that dog what stop is that start getting
me here - [ __ ] boom check your wallet
just go home [ __ ] I just
[Music]
you
[Music]
true story I met Justin Timberlake
timber face yeah I know
okay alright here's what happened I was
the gym doing with this action okay
exactly we're seeing exactly what's
happening all right I was not holding a
weight I was kind of sitting there just
uh doing this and then walks in timber
face and I was like oMG I never said
that ever you know but when you see
timber face in the flesh it's the only
thing comes out your body is smoking the
doctor hit your knee like OMG this kind
of happens okay and then he walked aside
me and talk of a shirt and I was like
holy [ __ ] this is like every 15
year-olds fantasy and mine apparently at
that moment but I was like I got someone
Justin Timberlake what do you say it's
like an international pop superstar you
know but I love sneakers so I was like
awesome about of sneakers sauce walka
totem I was like yo Justin just like
that
yo Justin and he was like what's up
and I was like Justin I really like your
sneakers and then Justin right let's
back at me he goes oh dawg
they're my whatever whatever shoes
and in my head I'm like the Justin
Timberlake just say whatever whatever
shoes but the only thing I said back
from whatever reason I was just like
what I have all whatever I just kinda
start doing a little with this you know
just so you can see that I can relate
and then ready for levels like I say one
more thing what do you say so I say look
back and I go yo JT
Congrats on your success which is the
worst thing ever to say this Justin
Timberlake because in between you know
having sex with every hacker in the
world and being awesome and anything
ever does ever he needs me dan levy to
be like yo JT in case you're insecure
some congrats on your success and it
like two weeks I was walking down the
streets I'm like 16 yo cake emoji is
like yo man I like those sneakers I'm
like Oh for real they might what F of
whatever shoes and this kit looks and
he's like you're a [ __ ] so don't listen
temper face
you
I found out what a service dog was
recently you guys know what that is you
everybody Wow I didn't know what one was
if you don't know if there's anyone here
that doesn't know service dog supposed
to be something like you have like a
mental problem or like an emotional
thing you get your dog certified then
you get to bring your dog with you
everywhere right like the boss the plane
you can have it at the comedy show you
be like I need a dog to laugh I'm
otherwise can't [ __ ] function right
like that's that's what it's for right
but a lot of chicks in LA just get their
dogs certified so they can like be like
Paris Hilton have a little toy dog
everywhere I didn't know what one was
this is how I found out I'm at a
Starbucks Hermosa Beach lady walks in
with a little like 4 pound dog lady that
works at Starbucks girls ma'am I'm sorry
you can't have your dog in here lady
with the dog goes actually I can it's a
service dog then the lady at service
girls wanting to see its papers lady
with the dog goes legally I don't need
to show you [ __ ] and I was like yeah I
don't know about you guys there's
nothing better for me than a public
argument I'm not involved in right I'm
not getting yelled at no one's gonna hit
me I want to see that [ __ ] escalate I
tried to make this one escalate I was
like [ __ ] [ __ ]
somebody said [ __ ] fat ass your fat
ankles he got cankles
y'all cankles when two women are
fighting I guarantee they both stuff
like a split second ago it's not me okay
back to the argument I didn't get my
wish guys they didn't end up fighting
what happened was the lady at Starbucks
back down she's like [ __ ] it I work at
Starbucks this lady clearly wants her
dog in here whatever I make four bucks
an hour
the lady with the dog even though she
won the argument she's pissed
she's fuming mad even though she got
like everything she wanted she just was
upset she had to deal with the [ __ ] I
guess right I'm right behind that lady
in line she's as mad as can be I
couldn't be in a better mood cuz I
thought she said she had a circus dog
so this lady's like so [ __ ] mad and I
tap her on the shoulder that's dumb [ __ ]
eating grin on my face and I'm like hey
so what is your dog do she's like don't
ask me that that's rude and I was like
you're being weird Kearney what does
your dog do she's like don't ask me that
question it's rude ask somebody that I'm
like what the [ __ ] come on make your dog
do a flip or some [ __ ]
I have money I'll pay you I get it you
guys are professionals and she's like
what are you talking about I'm like your
circus dog she's like I'll have a circus
dog I have a service dog and I was like
well what's that and then she explained
it to me I was like oh so what's wrong
with you what is your mental disability
how come men go to strip clubs with
other men my rod wasyou here is a
heterosexual man who has gone to a strip
club with their male friends you've done
it before I'm thinking about getting a
boner later tonight do you want to come
come on man let's get some boners my
treat I love going out my buddies
getting boners with him I've actually
never been to a strip club before but if
I went to a strip club with you and we
were sitting right next to each other
watching a woman take off her clothes
would you be comfortable if I asked you
if you had a boner
that's just my way of making sure you're
having a good time I mean I'm the one
paying for it I want to make sure I'm
getting my money's worth and your boners
worth my money I paid for your boner
would you be comfortable if I was
sitting next to you and I had a boner
we're not in a strip club anymore let's
say we're at a strip club where it's
legal to get boners would you be
comfortable there if I was sitting next
to no I had a boner no what if a girl
was sitting next to and she had a bone
which be comfortable cuz I think it
looks weird
what's the biggest boner you've ever had
what if I told you that right now
underneath everybody's chair there was a
boner taped to the bottom of the sea
as I they did it on Oprah
but I love the Olympics you know you'll
be right there great because it's the
only time we as a nation come together
to watch sports we know nothing about
and judge every one of them nothing
that's my favorite thing to just watch
[ __ ] I don't know
and explain it in any announcers they
get all into it right because they don't
work much you know what I'm saying if
you're a luge announcer you got a job
for two weeks every four years and they
announced luge I love they're like any
steered he ain't steering [ __ ] you don't
steer a lose they strap you onto that
[ __ ] thing go did anyone watch two-man
luge is there a worst [ __ ] job in
sports you're right to be the second man
on the two-man loose you don't even get
to look down you just there's a man
laying on top of you and you're doing 80
miles an hour just like this and you go
home and tell your friend you know I was
an Olympian the third man on a four-man
bobsled [ __ ] it could have been you what
and why not why you want to meet a girl
just tell her [ __ ] I was third man on
the Olympic bobsled that [ __ ] ain't even
on Google nobody knows the only person
who knows who the third man on a
four-man bobsled is is the second man on
a four-man bobsled because he got the
third guy up his ass for forty nine
point three seconds with it really you
just stepped that guy just gets it any
[ __ ] does this
you don't even get to see the ride then
next time you go to Magic Mountain jump
on a [ __ ] roller coaster just do this
and get off and tell me how much fun
that was why do you have to do that
I went on Craigslist and I saw an
apartment and I signed a lease to a
place I've never seen I am supposed to
be a grown up and grown people don't
make decisions like that like I live in
a [ __ ] like for better like Roberto
versus shitty it's a shitty shitty
neighborhood in North Hollywood and it's
most comparable to like Tijuana is
terrible I don't want y'all to think my
place is terrible cuz it's worse than
that all right it's it like nothing to
my apartment works I guess okay like
people are just want I'm single and I'm
like I can't invite a woman to my play
one one I sleep on the air matches okay
now it's an air Matt it's a nice air
mattress it's Elda it's the Eldorado air
mattresses okay but it is an air
mattress and I can't invite a woman in
to be like hey wait don't sit down yet
let me put my bed up make sure you take
the keys and pans out of your pockets if
you want to sit on the floor we can go
to the cashless living room but
microwave don't work I mean it comes on
and the plate spins but you don't heat
up food which is that which is
imperative for a microwave it only has
one function okay but I basically I have
a clock with a door on it that counts
down the cooler food
like having microwaved it that uh that
done heat up food is like having a
vacuum cleaner that uh that doesn't pick
up dirt but makes perfect lines my
shower don't work like my showers like I
mean it comes on I want to turn on I
only has like two settings okay
like the first one is like like a
trickle well I got like a steady drip
and the other one is um is uh is like a
civil-rights hose it's just it's just so
much pressure it's a lot of pressure
it's a lot like like I sometimes I find
myself home and we shall look I guess
it's just a lot of I'm afraid to shampoo
my hair cuz I feel like at any moment
German Shepherds will come up and take
out
[Laughter]
uh my name is al let's see i'll tell you
guys about myself
you know i uh i'm exhausted because i
have a
got a couple kids and i've got a dog
that only i walk and i've got
[ __ ] house that's kicking my ass and
i've got
a wife to go along with the whole
[ __ ] package and
it really is making me crazy i think my
my house is really kicking my ass the
most i bought at the worst possible time
to buy a house the height of the real
estate market that's when i was out
looking
and i found a place um in a soon-to-be
gentrified neighborhood
i'm not sure if you guys know what that
means it means i bought a house for
about seven hundred thousand dollars
in a shitty neighborhood in hopes that i
could fix it up someday and work on it
so eventually one day it might be worth
seven hundred thousand dollars and
tourists come here all the time they rub
it in my face because it's more
affordable live everywhere else they
give me this business they're like hey
man
you know we can buy for seven hundred
thousand dollars in alabama looking
alabama whole thing
we got a library we don't even read
listen that [ __ ] they're making me crazy
no one in my neighborhood is fixing up
their place except me i'm the only guy
i live across the street from blue tarp
guy you ever seen that house
where it rained and they couldn't afford
to fix their [ __ ]
and so they put a blue tarp over what
they thought was the problem area
and then as it's like a temporary fix
and then two years later
it's still [ __ ] up there and it's
making me crazy it really is
i find myself scrutinizing every
purchase that the guy makes i'm like are
those [ __ ] new adidas that's son of a
[ __ ]
he comes up a couple months ago and he's
like hey bro you see avatar
like do you [ __ ] see avatar fix your
roof dick face
save up what the [ __ ]
i don't understand
i'm trying to be uh you know
i'm trying to be resourceful and i'm
doing all the a lot of the work myself
i i went to go pick up my first day
labor uh the other day
has anyone done that has anyone you
picked up a day labor
but not for sex uh
it's not appropriate reaction ah to pick
up a [ __ ] day laborer
it's something that's just necessary if
you're going to do it
uh if you want to go you want to go to
home depot
and you want to go in the morning it's
very important you want to get yourself
a first round draft pick all right you
want to show up
in the afternoon when the sea team's out
there
one eye guy no gracias
i prefer dos soho so i'm a day lab
workforce before
so i show up home depot in the morning
30 40 guys come running up to the car i
said i'm gonna try to be funny
and i'm gonna [ __ ] with them a little
bit my horrible spanish i say
toto toto i'll take everybody they're
like okay this is great what are we
gonna do clown car this [ __ ] thing
uh and they got it and they started
laughing and then i said
i didn't know how to pick one uh so i
said uh
fuerte who is the strongest and then
they all started spontaneously flexing
uh so i turned into day labor or mr
olympia
and that's funny
so now i gotta pick one i just need one
guy
so it becomes this weird bachelor rose
ceremony
where i gotta select my fella and it
really does become this day labor
dating game show it's like contestant
number one he's five foot two but don't
let that fool you
he can strap a refrigerator on his back
like a 12 year old puts on a summer
school backpack
meet enrique
contestant number two not only does he
praise the lord jesus
his name's jesus
now let's do some question and answer
shall we contestant number one
what do you think about the disparaging
comments made by general stanley
mcchrystal about barack obama in the
rolling stone magazine article and also
what do you think about barack obama's
reaction
um i can do the plumbing
he can do the plumbing good answer
contestant number two same question
okay well uh first of all i don't think
this could have come at a worse time for
barack obama
uh with unemployment approaching 10 and
his popularity winning this is really
horrible timing
as far as the comments made by general
stanley mcchrystal if this is indicative
of the kind of decision-making that is
going on
in afghanistan it's appropriate that he
is no longer holding down that position
and we're lucky to have somebody who's
capable of
stanley petraeus available to help uh
as far as the comments and the reaction
by uh
president barack obama i i feel that he
had to assert himself as the
commander-in-chief
and also confirm the civilian control of
the military
in conclusion i
i'd like to add that i i can also do the
plumbing
so me and jesus go driving off and
it's awkward it's first date awkward we
want to be talking to each other
but we're not my spanish is horrible you
just heard some of it
his english is non-existent we're we
know we're cool guys
uh we want to be talking but just
nothing's happening we're actually going
from
glendale to burbank to go to ikea you
ever go to ikea
and you see the kitchen right you go and
you see the kitchen like this is
affordable and it's nice
don't do it all right it's a trap if you
have a difficult time assembling the
bookcase do not ante up to the [ __ ]
kitchen
stakes are hot even jesus knew he goes
ikea
diablo even he was aware he knew
so we're driving and we're driving and
nothing's happening we're looking at
each other blushing
and we want to be talking like guys want
to be talking you want to call somebody
gay you want to go talk about shortcuts
you pick up some liquor store sandwiches
that's what i suspect that you do
uh when you're two guys working but
nothing's going on now we need something
to bond over but luckily for a
relationship
we spot an african-american woman at a
bus stop with humongous boobs
big racism ending boobs jesus sees the
boobs
i see the boobs jesus turns to me and
takes a chance and says
friendship formed at that moment i
realized i had more in common with this
day laborer than my two brothers and my
wife
and we held that with us for the rest of
the day it was amazing what it did for a
relationship and you really do need a
buddy in this situation i'm not sure if
anyone's assembled the large amount of
ikea [ __ ] at one time
but it's one of the most frustrating
things you'll ever do in your entire
life
i was so pissed off at one point i was
ready to drive back to ikea kidnap
anybody in a yellow and blue polo
take him hostage do like this baghdad
style videotape
with an allen wrench to their temple
saying either this [ __ ] gets assembled
in a line properly or this [ __ ] dies
and throwing some meatballs because
jesus is starving
no matter how frustrated i got i was at
my worst moment where i was putting
together a pantry that was in a box this
thick
as the [ __ ] was everywhere it was
[ __ ] horrible and i got up and i had
a tear in my eye
and i walked away and i was just about
to lose it when jesus caught me and goes
hey
thanks man i'm sorry i forgot chi chi's
[ __ ]
you're right
the flying after 9/11 that's a big thing
you know the the big change in the plane
since 9/11 is that the the cockpit now
has a padlock which is the same one from
the bathroom which is like all right
would you do a little better now if I
was a pilot I would just go the other
way with that [ __ ] though like I would
leave the door open and then threaten
the passengers you know what I mean I
come on in the beginning be like hey
that's your captain speaking
we're gonna be flying about 35,000 feet
flight path today should take us over
Chicago Denver and down into the LA area
listen if you guys want to come and see
me in the confident be prepared to get
[ __ ] up I will [ __ ] you up what am I
gonna do co-pilot yeah
got me a real good girlfriend right now
you know I'm at the age in life I can
appreciate a woman 36 and it's cool man
because you know like I don't know if
this has happened to you guys but after
you have sex with the girl real good she
will let you stay there with her
and she will hold you and ask you
questions if you have been kicked out
the house with the pop-tart you need to
[ __ ] better like I had that sexting on
after sex I go try to see how smart you
are she was late so what so what is it
harder to be a woman or a man as a man I
was like a man mother [ __ ] she's like
why cuz I gotta answer this [ __ ] just to
get more [ __ ] that's [ __ ] up she's
like nah
George is harder to be a woman and I'm
like why so we do two things men can
[ __ ] is that so we get pregnant we get
our periods can you do that well my
nosebleed once in a while
sometimes a little stream we hang out on
and cats mo then I was like [ __ ] man we
can't do that [ __ ] [ __ ] what what do men
do that women can't now they do a little
shoehorn us in and then it hit me like a
whole dance coke drip ladies do you know
what we do that you can we pull out come
on fellas pulling out that [ __ ] is hard
that [ __ ] takes timing you can be one
pump off of 18 years of payments who's
they [ __ ] pulley now that's [ __ ]
degrading mouth [ __ ] sorry about your
laptop my bad every time you log on you
go remember me I then I thought about it
I would trade something if you can
guarantee me I don't have to [ __ ]
pull out and I can stay in there like
when I was young and I don't know
remember that should just stay in there
or I'll make you chill I kill easement
I would [ __ ] trade what am I gonna
trade [ __ ] I'm not gonna get pregnant
[ __ ] that [ __ ] [ __ ] ladies I'll get
my period you down guys like now I'm on
imagine that ladies if men got our
periods instead of you the [ __ ] world
would be different
imagine that fellas your friends come
over on a Friday what's up big let's go
to the club dog get out [ __ ]
I'll [ __ ] feel good right now Dawg
[ __ ] everything's been bothering a
dog [ __ ] hurt ray here harms a couple
I think my girlfriend's cheating
am I getting fat dog by [ __ ] balls of
bleeding there
my name is Joyce Perez peace
I I was recently watching I just saw a
movie 300 for the first time I had never
seen it before and if you haven't seen
it it's basically the gayest straight
movie ever made like that movie has not
come to terms with its sexuality as a
film because it's just meant like during
that era when 300 takes place like there
was no such thing as labels so like
minutes sex with men mad at sex with
women no one cared and the point I
thought about that I realized if you
made a gay porn parody of 300 that's
more historically accurate than 300 like
on the basis of that alone you don't
have to have props you could just have a
bunch of naked men clock 300 gay guys
[ __ ] and it's most historically
accurate movie that's I just say that
because I was like I also watch horror
movies a lot that's like my favorite
that's my comedy like 80s slasher movies
and I realized that like guys like Jason
and Michael Myers they don't talk and
I've this theory that if they did they
would have super sassy gay voices
because there was always a shot where
that you follow the killer like the
cameras the killer like it's his point
of view and he'll put his hand in front
of the camera and he'll go to grab a
victim and she'll just make it out the
door and this is the grab he does
probably she gets away to just this
sassy but you can hear that when he's
doing it
so if yet dialogue would just be like
this cliched Mario Cantone it's like oh
my god did you come back to the US again
something you're cute as a button here
come on EJ [ __ ] you got away you know
what good for you
a cute little sundress
I just filled out a will you gotta have
a will so people know what to do with
you you know when you can't make the
decision anymore I've always been like
that though I can't make decisions I
should have had a will when I was 2 you
know but yeah you gotta let it's it's uh
it's not fun it's not fun to fill those
things out because you have to answer
these gruesome hypothetical questions
you know like you're in a bad accident
do you want to be kept on life support
or do you want somebody to pull the plug
or do you want to pull the plug do you
want them to pull it or push it in pull
it out little put it back in pull it out
put it back in you want to be put on a
dimmer what would you like to have done
with yourself maybe you want to be
cremated
what kind of lighter fluid you want to
be deep fried Charbroil mesquite grilled
I've just said it I would like to go by
cremation that's hide that's it I mean
that's not how I want to go but you know
I've I think I should make sure that's
clear on the will now let me think about
it and then just throw my ashes anywhere
what difference does it make right you
who cares you know put me in a snow
globe you could shake me during the
holidays aw remember him ah
I can't stand people sometimes I got a I
want I want how to take a flight where
half the plane was filled with the
toddlers and tiaras cast yeah you've
seen that show right you know that show
the one with the little constitutes you
know tied down right across the tops I
don't know what to go with what the
proper nomenclature for a three-year-old
professional how do you describe child
abuse at the term so well he is abuse no
kid ever asked for that way
no three-year-old has ever looked up
with their mother longingly to them like
mommy dress me like a [ __ ] there's
mommy dress me like a princess and the
mother says here our princess and she
goes I don't know mama looks a little
hoary I anything back there in a
one-piece because I'm a baby I met these
kids the mom I'm on this flight and one
of the mothers sits now right next to me
I mean like the whole flight just filled
them I'm looking around this plane just
being like holy [ __ ] I would rather
snakes get these [ __ ] top seeds
off on [ __ ] plane right put the
mother sit down right next to me she
starts to talk to me which is her right
as the person who bought a ticket in my
row
I don't want to talk to her cuz I have
this condition that makes it difficult
to talk to people like that I have this
thing where I'm honest and I don't know
how I'm going to make a flight the
seven-hour flight is Miami to Seattle
seven hour flight I don't know how I'm
gonna make a flight that long with a
woman from Toddlers and Tiaras I don't
know I'm not going to make liftoff like
she's gonna be like hi what's your name
like you're everything wrong with
America like I can't pull that back so
I'm doing everything I can to act
distracted I'm staring to in-flight
magazine for an hour and a half it's
really those two Doku like well the
sevens in this puzzle you know like
whatever I can do I'm reading SkyMall
that's how bad this [ __ ] got like I'm
going to be the [ __ ] who buys
something out of the sky like oh my pet
needs a velvet staircase I could get
this and I've run out of things to do
when she starts to talk to me and she's
dumb immediately like she had entered a
contest
her first question so where you going
what I wanted to say was Seattle I think
we all are I'm not going to jump with
Chicago I know your plan is but I'm like
I'm gonna see this one through
what the hell you talk about where am I
going we go where he goes out of our
hands there's you want to go to prove
[ __ ] it we're going to prove there's
nothing I can do at this point and we're
not connecting if that's what you're
asking no one's connecting here's all I
know no one's connecting it's a flight
from Miami to Seattle the longest one in
the country who flies from Miami to
Seattle and goes somewhere else how
shitty the ticket would you have to have
the government let's keep going I'll
just go to Orlando but I got a good deal
like know we're all going to Seattle is
what I wanted to say but it would be
rude glad to say Seattle where are you
going well what a small world what are
the odds of two people on the same
flight in Seattle the folks they go and
I see other people behind me think I'm a
[ __ ] now but I got to keep it up
because their next question is even
dumber do you wanna meet my kids do I
want to meet you too
have I been actively sitting here
wishing it would introduce into those
children what do I coach Penn State I
don't want to meet your kids
too soon you're right I should have said
Syracuse my point is I don't want to
meet her creepy at Delft dressed
children but you can't just say that so
I had to say I would love to meet you
kids and it was so obvious she had given
up on our own life to live with those
children just by what she named them
I had an epiphany at that moment there
are two reasons to have children and
only two reasons ever one is because you
have enough love in your heart in your
home you want to share that another
human being and that is beautiful the
other is because you failed at whatever
you set out to do and you want round two
and that's what this was because the
kids name was Meegan Meegan not Megan
Meegan me again how [ __ ] up with that
name second one was even more
appropriate it was a it was Vicki I was
like oh that's so beautiful is that
short for Victoria was that short for
vicarious and uh that one I said out
loud because she didn't know what I
meant
so people behind me or laugh and they
get it now she's just confused you know
it's like vicarious is that it it's not
a Greek name when I gather a great
that's derived from the roof of legend
Seattle [ __ ] long ah you have any
idea how bad your flight has to be for
you to root for your own plane to crash
you every round on the entire mental map
ever thought from start to finish I
don't mean like a fleeting thought like
every time I've ever flown United I mean
like the entire mental map of a thought
when start to finish what I would die I
don't want to die hey with that
I'm going to do it if you everything
that's not everywhere my name is Ian
I'm with the lapidary production team
here at the Laugh Factory and I have two
advice for you please like subscribe and
comment in a comment be nice
[Music]
you
uh i am a um
a black poor gay man um specifically in
that order
i'm black first because i say [ __ ] a
lot
then i would put poor before gay simply
because i will pretend to be straight
for money
it's true and that's how i know that
homophobes have been doing it wrong this
whole time
with like things like conversion therapy
okay sidebar
for conversion therapy um does any of
y'all remember the program scared
straight
it was like a like a program that takes
urban kids to jail so that they can see
the laughs that they didn't want
mother sent me there when i was younger
because she thought that it was a place
that did conversion therapy
it really backfired because it was just
a bunch of thugs yelling at me and me
realizing that that's what i was into
sexually
[Applause]
they're like hey do you want to be in
here and i was like maybe i don't know
i am young and impressionable don't
tease me
uh yeah but that's like convergence
every stupid and that's not a real thing
and it doesn't work
but what i think would work was like if
a homophobe
was like after this show came up to me
and was like hey
duane if you stop being gay
right now i will pay your student loans
i'd be like
yeah that's gonna display the vagina
okay quick sidebar about eating vagina
i've done it
i'll tell you about it so um
i was 17 i was in the closet i was
dating this girl named raven i hope
she's not here
that is her real name i do not know
boundaries raven smith
she was joker she was great uh
i was 17 it was the day that i lost my
virginity uh we went to her grandparents
house because we're edgy
and um we took off our clothes we put on
some music
i asked her if it could be celine dion
she said no
and then i started to smash that cat
i was like yeah this is going great um
and she was like hey and i was like
what's up girl that's happened
i was trying so hard and i was like
girl she was like go down at me and i
was like what
um for sure love a challenge
so i'll go down there and ladies
down there
i was 17 i didn't really know what i was
doing so i just started experimenting
so i slapped it a little bit
blew inside of it counted the rings to
see how old it was
i proceeded to place my tongue somewhere
i can only describe
as textually unsettling
it has the texture of like a flan
or like like a very soft mango that's
been through a lot
[Laughter]
but it tastes like a bag of nickels
i was like oh [ __ ] i'm gay
[Applause]
but i was in the closet so i couldn't
tell her that so i was just like yo
i'm so full i can't have another bike
i was in a long distance relationship
for a while it was great
um i really got to
explore the masturbation space
more because of that because we were
monogamous
so i really got to know myself
personally and i really got to
uh figure out what i liked
masturbatorily
so i i started buying toys and doing
more things
and i bought this thing called a
flashlight do you know what a question
is it's like a flashlight but instead of
a light
it's like flesh that you stick your dick
into
and the one that i ordered um it had a
mouth on one end
and to my surprise a vagina on the other
end
and i order it and i was like whoa okay
and i
used the mouth part but i never used the
vagina part because i was like what if
this feels good
and it makes me straight
so i didn't use it then a couple days
ago
i got real high and i was like today's
the day
so um i tried it and long story short i
am bisexual now
thank you so much
[Music]
you
anyone else in here married make some
noise what enthusiasm you have for the
love of your life how'd you and your
husband meet the bar yeah old school I
like that me and my wife actually met in
high school
we dated went to prom with each other
lost our virginity to each other a few
weeks ago we didn't stay together since
high school
we're not Mormon we reunited seven years
ago in the most fairytale romantic kind
of way I was tripping on mushrooms and I
summoned her and this before
tinder Bumble amputees meet all the good
apps can't swipe on the last one but I
did use modern technology I just got an
iPhone I asked Siri for everything I
ever wanted a woman I'll show you hey
Siri do a web search Roman will come
find me and make me flaxseed pancakes it
tastes incredible because I can't have
regular pancakes due to my high
cholesterol she's way too good-looking
for me but evens it up by farting in
front of me which I oddly enjoy she's
not allergic to gluten so he could dip
cookies and pudding whenever and she has
search or sexual dominance over me
asking me to explore parts of her body
they can't even show on Cinemax and
won't judge me if I take it too far
by asking to wear a Cosby sweater with
the titties cut out while she writes me
and calls me Tommy pickles searching the
web for a woman who will come find me
and make me flaxseed pancakes that taste
incredible because I can't have regular
pancakes
to my high cholesterol and she is way
too good-looking for me buddy evens it
out by farting in front of me which I
hardly enjoy and she's not allergic to
gluten so we can dip cookies and pudding
whenever and desserts to sexual nature
upon asking me to explore parts of her
body they don't even talk about on chena
max but won't judge me when I take it
too far like asking her to wear a Cosby
sweater with the tits cut out while she
rides me and calls me Tommy pickles
please be patient while I process your
request did you mean a healthy
relationship with an intelligent sexy
female who encourages you to get the
professional help you need to get your
[ __ ] together by working on the
self-destructive behavior passed down to
you from your father and find productive
ways to stop overeating and masturbating
to deal with your problems you're always
whining about when all you really need
is someone who will always be cool with
watching you play video games she
doesn't mind doing all the work during
sex
she texts back right away and won't
judge you for having her table bowel
syndrome searching so that's how I fell
in love thank you guys I'm sandy Danza
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
me and my me and my girl we just got a
puppy he's got a puppy he's an English
bull terrier
his name's chicken he's cute his [ __ ]
and I hate that [ __ ] alright like keeps
me up at night he wakes me up early in
the morning he's costing me money shit's
everywhere I gotta clean it up like
having a puppy is like having a baby you
know isn't going to the NBA it's like
why am I wasting my time with you you're
there's no payout I rescued him to our
rescue oh yeah I rescued him I rescued
him from a Mexican family in Long Beach
he lives in West Hollywood now he's
doing so much better he's so happy I
love being a part of this community
though like everyone's like rescuing
dogs and [ __ ] like it's a beautiful
thing but like have y'all ever seen a
rescue dog that shouldn't have been
rescued right like the other day I was
at the park and I saw this woman walking
a [ __ ] chupacabra like this dog was
just like a bowling ball of ugly like
each body part was from like a different
dog you know like a head like a
chihuahuas ankle and like a pitbull
shoulder and [ __ ] like like the dog
looked like that hunchback from 300 you
know I'm talking about the vinegar who
couldn't lift up his shield so we
snitched on the Spartans the ball is
over there that's how it is nowadays all
right that's how it is right like the
more [ __ ] up your dog is the better of
a person you are and I'm saying like
having a three-legged dogs like having a
Mercedes now you know like that's why
one day I just want to get a Yorkie
that's no life support that's it alright
that should it be cute as [ __ ] you
know it alright just a little Yorkie and
a hospital bed with like the blankets
pulled up to its nipples and like a
live-in nurse and a LIVESTRONG bracelet
and a GoFundMe page I don't want to pet
I want a burden
the only dogs aren't really [ __ ] without
here are service dogs the only dogs
rmally [ __ ] because I feel like
service dogs are taking all the easy
jobs away from people right like I would
love to be a seeing-eye person that's
just easy money right three meals a day
room and board and all I got to do is be
like a he and give you all your change
back yeah he over here folding ones like
20s if you want I could say something to
him right if you were blind you'd rather
have a person than a dog all right they
just makes sense
April your favorite cereal on sale yeah
frosted flakes both for 20 it's nothing
I can get it for you see I'm six-three I
got my Ralph's card I mean it's the
least I could do you got me this vest so
you know we good
[Music]
guys guys guys I don't want to ruin the
energy in here but you guys got to give
me a lot of love because I just got
fired I just got fired and you know what
they disrespect you so thoroughly when
you get fired
they had a woman trail me out to make
sure I didn't steal nothing I looked her
dead in her face and with as much
dignity as I could muster I said [ __ ]
I've been stealing you would need a time
machine to stop me from stealing out of
this office won't you I let me if you
need a stapler or something or some
post-it notes I used to steal paper
clips to clean on my weed pipes anybody
get that you get that Reza now black
gold Texas tea yeah you don't mean you
got to make the job work for you and
then you got to make the job work for
you
I had this lady at my job she was so
goddamn races I don't like to throw
around the r-word you know I mean the
artwork it's heavy-duty artillery you
don't call things racist unless they're
racist this lady was racist but when
Barack won the election or got coronated
or whatever you think happens when
Barack got coordinated she runs over to
me she said shifted me for 17 months she
she see the black folk celebrating on
CNN she comes over to me puts her little
paw on my arm and she goes
congratulations
like you dirty ho-bag she said other
stuff she said well I hope the rock
doesn't win another electric is black
people just going to be dancing in the
streets we're just gonna take the rest
of life off like we've got for Vijaya
Soul Train line took about we gonna rock
down to March night a wig on Bob Rock
don't do why do come in on the hook oh
no oh I did what reparations for
thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory calm
well myself my mom is from South America
and he Latinos here okay
one guy was calling his dog uh uh my
mom's from South America my dad bought a
raise in Italy and I said that on stage
one time and a woman who have never met
before my life came up to me after my
said she about sixty years old he goes
hey oh yeah nice mix you're a nice mix
which is a great way to make a grown man
feel like a labradoodle you don't say I
know they're all nice mixes lady is
there such thing as a bad one and then I
found one I made this white chick named
Brittany whose mom was from Florida and
her dad was from Florida so huh
yikes I said that on stage one time and
a guy in a dolphin his jersey and a
backwards camel hat came up to his like
hey I'm from Florida and you're like you
don't cut you story checks out uh-huh
see on the news sir my mom gave me a
really Latino name my real name is
actually it's mundo that's my name it's
not the joke dude uh-uh but I've been
called Eddie my whole life because it
mundo dude is one a little sexy Latin
name that's very hard to live up to you
know I'm saying Eddie suits me sold you
Andes come to the party really hey
sounds great a guy I'd love to meet him
dude if so told you it mundos come to
the party every guy here is like look I
don't who this guy is
but I'm pretty sure is gonna challenge
one of us to dance all right it's gonna
show but the silk shirts are hitting on
my mom you know hundreds hey hey stop
talking my mom like okay okay tell your
mom stop dressing so horny you know
that's actually home recently visit my
family is anyone here have a family
about a family here
[Applause]
okay I guess I really bro we orphan uh
my mom is 68 here's the thing about all
our parents or anybody approaching the
age of 70 the filter is gone they don't
give a [ __ ] anymore
no matter where they are my momma just
say what it was on our mind it was me my
two brothers my mom are in a restaurant
busy restaurant eating we're not talking
and had I know her out loud my mom
pointing at me between the point Edney
did you know you're the only one that's
circumsized I don't what to do I just
looked at my brother said wow what a
weird way to find out that I'm her
favorite did not immediately ah look
who's got the best dick in the house did
make the cut a boys that's a penis pun
on a Monday Larry little brown [ __ ] was
that ah I laugh like a rich man [ __ ]
ah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ah good to be here I moved to LA like a
year ago when I first moved here I moved
in with a gay guy is very exciting
because he was very gay it wasn't just
like he was like came by the way um gay
like cut the court doc I wanted to dance
it was disgusting in that remember going
one of those again he was in his room
watching Paranormal Activity one time
and I could hear him through the wall
like making he's like like a scared
Chihuahua I was like I got a mess I like
scaring people so he goes to the
bathroom so I sneak into his room I went
in the closet because I like the irony
of me coming out of his closet he comes
back in I hear him through the door you
know I don't know if you've ever scared
a gay man it's amazing it's like
throwing gasoline on a fire only more
flaming he he looks straight at me made
icon like he knew it was me his roommate
of several but was still screaming for
like a minute look like first so like
way too long to it like register to
roommate and still be scream and it was
the weirdest noise do it's like this hi
page - southern accent it was that was a
second imagine a minute of that system
sounded like Mickey Mouse having an
orgasm I had time to look around be like
is anyone else like nothing there was no
one there just a dog and a ping sort of
like we don't even have a dog he
appeared for the punchline it was very
weird when I moved in he asked if I was
LGBT friendly do you guys know what LGBT
friendly means it means like lesbian gay
bisexual trans not straight basically
friendly and I didn't know that I
thought he liked sandwiches with lettuce
bacon
so he's like just so you know I'm LGBT
friendly and I was like mmm tasty wish I
had one in my mouth yeah man I got one
that's how I got the room so it was work
down
now I can't satisfy a woman Justine are
you know this off the whole game is
beyond me man I was at this girl's house
I didn't have any condoms she goes
that's okay she hands me a Magnum condom
Kofi Magnum you guys know Magnum no you
know because the [ __ ] package looks
like a CD case does it Thank You Gina if
we go fly-fishing I could put this on
walk out into the river and catch us a
trap I'll [ __ ] you hand me a garbage bag
expect me to be able to fill it you
ready that damn my I have trouble with
the condoms my friend said try lambskin
they're really thin they're good and
they are what he didn't tell me is it
right when you begin to conduct business
the whole room smells like a gyro like
that's spinning me we're doing our
thinking she goes what's that I said I
don't know I'm getting hungry
why don't we stuff you in a PITA I don't
know what it is
the point is Coby never throw a tank top
over a light bulb to create mood
lighting because they're very thin they
catch fire and I was doing my thing I
thought I was a real champ and she goes
I smell smoke or my ego was like yeah
she said the house burning Alex she said
call the fire department
I believe in equality for men and women I really
stand for that man like uh I went on a date with this girl recently and she wanted
me to pay and I have a strict no paying policy on the first date ok
me to pay and I have a strict no paying policy on the first date ok
 
oh I'm sorry lady it thought you were all
I N D E P E N D E N C E
you know what that means you can pay
for some shit ok
that's a rap song incase you know I spelled it out. ask a
black person, there you go
I'm saying look we don't know each other, why don't we just split it see what
happens, right? If I happened to be your boyfriend, I'll buy you stuff. I'm not against
paying ever, I'm just saying on the first date, how about no pressure, right?
This girl got all mad, she's like, ""Oh my
god, your such a cheap guy, I think the guy should pay, I mean, I'm
just old fashioned." And I felt bad, I was like, "Oh no
I'm sorry, I'm old fashioned too,
So how about you shut your fucking mouth
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[ __ ] man
well y'all weather is beautiful that was
so perfect I don't know how y'all go
crazy well yeah I do go crazy but so
perfect all the time I realized I love
this weather when I went home recently
and I was watching a football game with
some of my homies and I realized that
there's no manly way to ask for a
blanket
it's the manly way to tell your thug
friend your toes cold weather
furthermore through hands-on research
there's no manly way to be the only man
in a room full of men under a blanket
and comfortable is you might meet new
people what's up dog names Chris
here's 300 count [ __ ] this is nice I
always want to be a thug man
I had a family full of thugs he's trying
to chase them around all the time they
never fully accepted me because I spent
half my life in the suburbs and it's not
gangster when they're having a gang
meeting in the city and you have to
commute to the hood that's not a
gangster thing but then I'll be late for
the game means a way you add dog in
traffic [ __ ] it's crazy
I stop for a lot saying [ __ ] got real if
y'all gonna do that drive-by take the
streets dog says crazy and I smile too
much man I found out like this you know
I'm just saying and white people can
walk up to you on the street and
actually put directions randomly yo thug
levels not where it needs to be I'm like
I'll stick them up like how do I get to
Cahuenga uh take this gun take a left
people are crazy watch your step I'm
having a good day was a church where was
it sirs amen
alright dude getting [ __ ] married huh
good luck you know what do I know you
know I'm just [ __ ] I'm just a dude
you know good luck um anyways but ones
you guys did you just when'd you get
proposed like a year ago probably like
usually that's how it works like you do
it for a year right something like that
okay doesn't want to get into it right
now he's like please let's not do the
questions it's always cool man cuz
proposals that's like the one time guys
get to plan something it's like the last
time you know we plan it out and then
afterwards the girls are like yeah never
again okay we'll take over from here
you're really bad at this really a
baseball stadium who thought this was a
good idea all my friends they all were
like that stoked
they're like that's dope do you're gonna
do it in the seventh inning during the
stretch I'm with you problem let's do
that yeah man I'm gonna [ __ ] take her
to the baseball game ask her to marry me
and if she says no I'll just get hotdogs
it's not like a big deal girls like
you're so dumb you know I actually saw a
video one time of a guy like proposing
to a girl on a baseball game online and
I guess like she said no she got like
overwhelmed right like he proposes to
her and she's like no I can't it runs
off leaving him by himself in front of
45,000 fans it's on the jumbo screen
like this was all planned out to work
out you know what I mean everyone's look
the players are looking like Derek
Jeter's like I'll take care of her for
you you know what I mean like just left
him by himself like that's so [ __ ] up
women
that's so shitty to do that to that guy
like you ruined baseball for him well
he'll never go to a game again like
don't do that just say yes you know what
I mean
like ladies if a guy proposes to you in
public just say yes just say yes and
then afterwards when you get in the car
on the way home just big now don't
[ __ ] ruin baseball for the guy that's
so [ __ ] up [ __ ] and then women are
like oh we had no idea it was a surprise
all right what kind of [ __ ]
relationship is this how do you not know
what guys about to propose to you really
he's having a conversation with your
father all of a sudden he hates your
father okay
like my buddy took his girlfriend Hawaii
for the weekend private helicopter I'd
like champagne over volcanoes romantic
as [ __ ] she came back she's like oh my
god I had no idea
all right [ __ ] like what are you
used to dating a prince how do you not
see that coming like yeah usually I hang
out in castles and ride unicorns around
so a trip to Hawaii that's a Wednesday
for me no big deal like [ __ ] if you
really want to surprise a girl you'll
take you to the drive-thru of Wendy's
and propose through it that would
surprise the [ __ ] out of her
yes spicy chicken sandwich a babe open
up the bun surprise
why are you crying this is an LA
envision bid I would have preferred the
baseball game so good luck good luck
[Music]
that's really what it is made you guys
ever you guys anybody here watch a
little bit of Fox News oh my gosh oh my
god do get scared when you watch it yeah
it's based on fear it's all based like I
watch it from time to time to see what
the other side is thinking a little bit
you know saying I want to like like and
then once you watch it a little bit you
start like doubting the people around
you I'm like maybe my cousin my mood is
up to some [ __ ] might be right about
that
I think Julio is trying to take my job
too
I gotta get rid of these Mexicans and
Muslims what the hell you start watching
enough Fox News you think the world is
out to get you
think the Mexicans are here to take our
jobs and the Muslims are gonna kill us
I'm gonna get eaten by a shark
I might get eaten by mexican Muslim
shark who's got the V Zika virus his
name is Barack or Hussein or Obama or
some [ __ ] like that
it's fear even the Trump supporters it's
all fear Trump is the craziest [ __ ]
nobody thought when Trump's first
started running everybody thought it was
a joke everybody was like hahaha now it
was like
oh it's crazy man I'm trying to wait for
I'm waiting for him to say something of
substance he is not he's got like no
plans it's just a lot of is cheerleading
all right cuz I make America great again
make America great again gonna be number
one gonna be number one gonna be Reds
gonna be rich how are we gonna do it the
number one saying I heard Trump
supporters say I love him cuz he says
what's on his mind he just says what's
on his mind he just says what's on his
mind you go what are your thoughts on
his policies I don't know if he's got
any policies he just says what's on his
mind
this same became so prominent my own
mother Iranian lady she started I went
to visit she fell for it I went to visit
her she goes Maz I like this guy because
she say what's on his mind I go mom are
you crazy he's anti-immigrant okay I go
if he became president your relatives
couldn't come to visit you she goes I
don't like them anyway
he's say what's on his mind so I don't
have to say what's on my mind which is
stop visiting me you cheap bastards stay
the hotel one time Baba what am i
Holiday Inn a lot of immigrants like
Trump it's crazy I'm serious a lot of
immigrants get into this country and
then they don't want any more of them
coming in it's true I was in an uber
with an older Armenian guy this guy
barely spoke any English but he loved
Trump he was trying to tell me what a
great politician Trump is but he kept
saying with a great politic he is the
whole right Donald Trump very good
politic number one politic very good
number one very good politic number one
very good number one bit of good politic
very good number one very good number
one politic but again number one finally
I go dude he's anti-immigrant you're an
immigrant he goes yes but I'm here very
good politic for me good melodica for my
cousin not very good politic with about
I blame Google for every relationship
that I've ever had going to the [ __ ]
because I share a computer with anybody
that I date and then anytime they look
up anything on my computer they're like
oh I'm gonna search apples and then it's
like asian ass porn like as soon as they
hit the a that's what jumps up like
Google's like you don't have to type
another letter I know what you're
looking for
every time you hit a it's asian ass porn
google you should let make them type at
least three letters before you jump to
such a bold conclusion it's bad enough I
clear my history every three hours and
change my passwords I'm trying to have
an honest relationship and you're
[ __ ] my [ __ ] up and when I'm looking
up asian ass porn I don't need any
shortcuts I can type it out because I
have all the time in the world my house
is locked the plantation shutters are
closed the keyboards in a safe foot
reachable distance yeah lesson learned
the aerosol duster doesn't get out man
goo got it
what do you don't go oh I'm the one that
has to do the walk of shame at the max
store there like another keyboard mr.
Tosh right yeah what's up party people
i'm comedian Ron gee you think that
videos hilarious feel free to like share
and comment on the video below or you
can see us live at Hollywood Long Beach
Reno and Vegas don't block your blessing
oh yeah
Trump's just like he's just a regular
dude though he's a regular do like yeah
I mean he seems like easy technically
he's a billionaire but like he's just
like a regular did you know that cuz he
told us yeah he held a press conference
to tell us that he's just like us at a
press conference that's what you would
do if you want to let everybody know
that your regular person right hold a
[ __ ] press conference that's what you
would do to tell everybody he's just
like us this is what he said he said
just like you I didn't have everything
just handed to me I don't work for it my
parents only lent me a million dollar
set only a million dollars you know just
like you guys right at this press
conference only a million dollars just
like us that's how you guys got your
start right your parents lent you a
million dollars one was this mr. Trump
on 1968 a million dollars in 1968 what's
that worth now seventeen million dollars
that's my parents only lent me 17 you
remember when you thought a million was
ridiculous it's actually 17 million
that's 70 million dollars did you know
just to get my foot in the door just to
get my start
it's just seventeen million dollars you
know just enough to not ever work again
it gets worse his business is New York
City real estate just the New York City
real estate market alone a million
dollars in 1968 is worth 240 million
dollars now 240 million dollars you know
just to get started the same that you
would give a long-term contract to an
all-star outfielder that's what he got
for just [ __ ] having parents
we just I mean we didn't get that right
because none of us have parents we don't
240 million dollars just [ __ ] you Donald
shout 240 million dollars you know what
I would do if my parents let me 240
million dollars I would use a million
dollars to hire a hitman to murder my
parents that's what I would do I love my
parents but they can't [ __ ] stay if
they want that money back they're not
allowed to stay then I would hire
another I would I would hire another
hitman with another million dollars and
kill that first hitman so nobody would
know what happened and not tight and
then I would I would have 238 million
dollars and I would run for president as
a [ __ ] joke that's what I would do
that is what is happening he's the worst
I am voting for Bernie Sanders doesn't
it doesn't mean I'm sexist I want to
make that clear
because apparently people that there was
this thing of like you don't vote for
Hillary than you sound like no I would
vote for Elizabeth Warren she's a female
but I just like Bernie Sanders more than
I like Hillary Clinton and that's okay
you can distinguish between two people
without being like gender and race gut
like it's not always that I just like
his policies better if if she wins the
primary I'll vote for her because I'm
not voting for any [ __ ] clown that
comes out of that clown car on the right
whoever the [ __ ] comes out of that one
as that's the one I root against I get a
big phone number one finger for Hillary
if she's it might be the middle one but
it'll still be a finger I'll support the
hell out of her if that's the equation
like I'm a big Mets fan so I don't like
the Braves but if the Braves were in the
World Series against Isis I'd be like go
Braves see what I'm saying sometimes you
make choices
never had that thought before but I'm
going to tell that joke a lot of times
from now on it's there are real sexist
in the world just because someone's
supporting a candidate who's not female
doesn't make them sexist there are real
sexist in the world you can find them on
Twitter that's the great thing about the
election by the way you can just find
out who like who on your Twitter feed or
on your Facebook feed it's just the
worst [ __ ] person like just you just
look at your Facebook just once a day
and just like unfriend like you just
have to
all right let's talk tall [ __ ] okay
let's talk to you okay and I say tall
and that includes anyone five-foot and
above okay you're tall to me
okay let's talk there's something that I
have an issue with that we need to
discuss um stop pissing in my urinal
okay stopping yes my journal see the men
are laughing because they know what this
is when they're like dude you can
adjourn oh yes I have a urinal in every
bathroom in the last bathroom bathroom
there are two urinals there their normal
size and then there's one you're no
that's way the [ __ ] down here okay and
that is my goddamn urinal hey there's my
girl you do not piss in it that is that
your nose for me your your five-year-old
nephew Zachary and if you're a guy who
was a two-foot [ __ ] okay that's about it
there's only like two black guys here so
they can use it that's about it
okay everyone else don't do okay and I
have to talk about this because I was I
was at an airport I was in the Chicago
Airport
I flew for hours from my latest Chicago
I can't do the airplane I gotta take a
pee break right so I'm running in the
bathroom right and then there's seven
years old [ __ ] yes seven urinals and
then there's only one of them teeth
being taken guess which one more [ __ ]
urinal okay my girl there's a guy all
the more open he's just standing my
urinal and now I gotta stand behind him
and do my little tour of his stance and
I'm doing it like that and people just
walk in and they see a [ __ ] doing a
little piss dance like this and they
just assume I'm casting a spell on him I
did not like that so as I'm doing the
dance I kind of cleared my throat loudly
I was like he turned back and just this
was an exact phrase he just turned back
and went no [ __ ] way
I should I should have are killing his
leg I should all right hand like this
like that's why I should have done next
time that's what I'm gonna do if I go in
there and you're at my urinal I'm
pissing on your leg okay okay y'all me
I'm doing it I know you're tall I don't
give a [ __ ] okay it's gonna go in the
middle your knee pit don't give up
[Music]
now they're going to make this seat even
closer together you know why don't they
just why don't they just [ __ ] pull
all the [ __ ] seats out pull all the
[ __ ] seats out pull the [ __ ] [ __ ]
houses out the galleys pull it all out
they just walk the heavier people in
first laying down and just start
stacking [ __ ] on the plane
stock up stock up stock up good if you
get thirsty you want to coat the Ovilus
coat and they shake it up you have to
piss and [ __ ] you should have done it
Elliot
it's like the Tokyo subway you know and
it closing the door laughing a paper hug
you do you see if it's going to paint
smile it might take you serious you're
in there you want to coal pit for a
little in a cup look at me
give me the whole [ __ ] can
[Music]
I'm on the way giving a whole [ __ ] can
you flying [ __ ] are you need a coke
accounting for this flight and the
security now the security the security
you just keep racking it up and
ratcheted it up retching it up there
should be two airlines people who want
to feel safe people who want to take a
chance
let's go get some [ __ ] where we're going
we're going to Las Vegas on Southwest
it's a 45-minute flight I got an eight
ball of coke and two horses the Mirage I
want to get the [ __ ] out of here I'll
take the [ __ ] [ __ ]
toss this [ __ ] off and let's go
[Applause]
I'm supposed to do that you know that
box should I was telling you guys about
like I was trying to get some box just
some simple [ __ ] that I need to do I'm
always like such a procrastinator with
any sort of work around the house I just
like yet I suppose dude yesterday ended
up being on the [ __ ] phone with Time
Warner for like six hours like what is
that just [ __ ] fix this like fix it
doesn't mean like I got that [ __ ]
install it stopped working immediately a
call you know thank you for calling Time
Warner Cable my name is Michael I'm a re
Michael yes I want to miss Michael
Thank You long time on a cable door I
have the best internet so let's get the
fascism suppose you can hear she's like
the fastest internet so as you can have
so what is it what is the reason you're
calling for today my Internet's down
dude you guys just [ __ ] installed it
it's out like what happened okay so I'm
so sorry to you just devastating to hit
just put it in it in it is out already
so bad I would be so that is my internet
you know I love surfing the web is a
greater just so just so I can give you
the most bass excellent service that I
can give you can I please have your
name's a mere cameo that's my full name
Amir cannon okay so thank you so Mir
communist thank you so much thank you
for providing that information sir it's
a great video okay so what is the
problem you're having already [ __ ]
told you the Internet
okay so yeah I understand it so I'm so
sorry to hear the internet is down I get
the internet is down is a very bad thing
just so just to make sure that I give
you the top-notch quality service we
have a provider for can you please give
me the last four digits of your social
to five one for man to hug okay so thank
you so much look great know most about
that individual such a great normal to
have any resources to give you thank you
for bearing with me is such a difficult
time safer gone since you don't have
internet so I understand it's very
difficult for you not to be having the
service and you want the service you
paid for the service why shouldn't you
have this official you should have a
suite sir there's just a couple more
questions that we can get to assisting
you so ever you know just to make sure
that we have everything correct in the
system for you just so put take you are
Daenerys so what was the first street
that you grew up on
but the [ __ ] are you talking about Shh
what is this [ __ ] a joke and also not
a joke at all I wish it wasn't your
guitar lager I love to tell a joke
utilidad this is not a joke so just
really we need okay it's Trenton Avenue
that's the [ __ ] Street I grew up on
Trenton Avenue okay so thank you very
much I happen to grow up on pockets
Valley Avenue and last word history
dagger upon what I lacked rent and is
good too huh thank you for providing me
with that information so you are really
good at giving me the information that I
will put your information is really good
information on it helps which was sis
you with what we are trying to
accomplish Trey this is a very important
service to get the service back running
twice yeah I mean like what the [ __ ]
it's out what do I need to do so let me
ask you really quickly just one question
have you tried to reset your modem yo
dude Michael I did that seven times
before I [ __ ] called you yes I try to
reset the Mon okay sir I understand okay
you did the first it has graded you need
that so excellent that you reset the
modem and I'm so proud of you for doing
that as a valued customer of Time Warner
Cable you are such an excellent customer
I will make a note of that you are great
alright man what the [ __ ] do I have to
do also does a just in case we need to
very verify one last thing if you can
just don't mind it we have just a couple
of other things out if you can just
please tell me what was your favorite
song in 1998
what the [ __ ]
I just want my internet [ __ ] fixed
bro so I'm not your bro what does the
meanest bro buddy so I understand your
frustration I am really upset with this
whole thing as well but if you can just
you know what [ __ ] this I'll figure it
out man I'm just gonna [ __ ] this I I
gotta go my god no way
so just before you leave how would you
rate this conversation Michael this is
the worst experience I have ever [ __ ]
had anything I felt like we were [ __ ]
fighting you don't even know what you're
doing I said I don't know what I'm doing
so arrival how would you rate this fight
want being a minor spat and 10 being an
all-out no cooldowns overall you know
you know what dude Michael let me just
talk to a supervisor so you could just
give me one more piece of information so
for the supervisor you want to talk to
the supervisors supervisor what was the
code to Mike Tyson's punch-out self
you could just provide me that service
for Mike doesn't matter I can give you
the best most father yo guys this joke
was over like three hours ago I didn't
know where to go with it and I kept
looking at you guys like maybe they want
a little more I know you guys gave up on
me and I was like [ __ ] I wish I had an
ending but that's how it feels with
those [ __ ] calls you all know Mira
que man thank you guys so much
agents with blonde hair stop it you guys
hear about the Canadian with hepatitis
before movies did black people yell at
books now I understand that some you
don't get it let me explain it to you
the stereotype is that black people yell
at books I've seen it I'm sorry movies
you start again premature ejaculation
before movies at black people yell at
books you're like I don't understand let
me explain it to you my question is the
stereotype is black people yell at
movies I've seen it I'm from Detroit
my question is prior to cinema did they
do the same thing with literature oh
[ __ ] do not go in
um I travel a lot for a first and up I
just got back from from from from Mexico
you guys you get you guys been there
some people some people still feel like
we're there okay alright well I I was in
real nexus next Mexico and next Mexico
is an interesting place because because
there you can haggle prices like like
you can just argue the prices which
means when they when they say a number
you you can just go no I I'm I'm in
charge here papi you know I just I
accept that that's that's how you do it
next Mexico I accept it
but haggling duck don't works so well
for me gate the key to haggling is yeah
you got a sound confident what they hear
is it so good he's not fluent and in our
language or his
yeah but you know it's my nicest but no
I I still tried though you know I still
I went up to one of the guys with the
with with the little little carts and I
just threw out a number and in their
currency and I said 740 pesos no it was
like no papi it's it's 750 pesos and I
was I was legging it down I was like
look look look buddy the highest up I
can go it is 745 pesos he was sold on on
that probably cause he was tired and I
later found out that's 740 pesos in in
American it's about 45 dollars and 750
pesos in American it's about 45 dollars
so this come-come conversation in
English wit went
how about $45 no it's it's for $45 look
look buddy the highest the highest I can
go
it is $45 this is the most is the most I
have ever have ever paid for a burrito
it's very my last job my last job was
awful worked at a video arcade not that
cool at 31 years old right my job just
to make change for little kids all day
first part of my job is my job title so
they just called me token white boy hot
with the ladies I used to sit on our
Kade and think about the shitty
decisions I made in life like I went to
college three times dropped out all
three times got eight credits if anybody
wants some 600 PE credits but I just
sitting at our cave dick man I spent
twenty four thousand dollars on college
and all I got was eight credits if I to
put twenty four thousand dollars in a
pinball machine I'd have like 96
thousand credits probably out my
initials is the high score so if you
have kids tell them [ __ ] College just go
doc you have kids you're some advice I
have for kids and I learn from a couple
of my creepy uncles just real simple
advice if you miss the bus to school a
lot as a child you will probably ride
the bus to work a lot as an adult
just good advice people
this is the best job in the world best
part about this job is all the wild
hotel sex I get on the road trying to
figure out what makes me so horny when I
get to a hotel room and I think I
figured it out last week I think it's a
little magnetic room key she know when
he gets the door it's always like mmm
did your girls like green light comes on
I make a [ __ ] mess and I work at this
Ramada
married sex is just like regular sex
married sex is like you know my wife's
doing the dishes I'm like I like the way
she cleans the small place you know
parents eggs is why it's different then
no one prepares you for this because no
one's gonna tell you this both people
are tired all the time you're both
exhausted because you're raising a baby
24/7 you gotta make sure the baby is
alive right so both people are totally
exhausted right like you got to schedule
it my wife will be like sex and I'm like
cool you hear that little buddy put it
in your little dick calendar we might uh
you have a text tomorrow night okay I
don't need you tonight I might have you
pee a couple times but other than that
just [ __ ] stay in shape we got a big
match tomorrow
now I'm scheduling sex it's like my like
a prostitute or something so the other
night my wife comes up to me my
daughter's asleep my wife goes I was
like cool I'm smarter than my wife okay
so I got on the bed first I get naked I
know my wife's gonna take longer than me
so I'm naked I'm laying on my back
because I'm right know we're both tires
I'm on my back ready to go right my wife
comes up a couple minutes later and
she's like I don't know I want to be on
the bottom and I was like oh no no no I
touch that butter I'm on the bottom go
[ __ ] yourself okay you lost it's like
calling shotgun for a long ride your car
I mean I won this one maybe next time
you'll be smarter and you you'll win but
right now you lost so my white we're
getting like this weird argument wife
starts going like get up woman you know
you get on she's a get up I'm like no
you get on now I'm in an argument with a
boner I've never done that that's like
the weirdest feeling ever my dick is
like a kid who shouldn't be in the room
like hey should I be here for this
usually when I'm around everybody just
has a good time you know this is weird
I'm just gonna come back later sudden
you get it that's me acting as my dick
I'm pretty solid actor pretty good
pretty soon so anyways we're in this
whisper argument it gets even weirder so
weird this list of argument what it's
like you know home I go you cannot you
like heat up any gun then she acts out
you don't you're mad and with spring
it's like you [ __ ] up she accidentally I
think said that she goes get up I want
to get behind you and I was like what
you want to get behind me first off I
don't think we have the equipment for
that what are you talking about get
behind you're not just gonna say that
it's gonna happen okay you got to bring
that up months in advance we talked
about it baby I like warm to the idea
maybe I lose the bed you're not just
gonna [ __ ] me in the ass one night that
is not how my life ends okay one second
I'm in a whisper Argonaut next thing I
know I'm on my stomach just one small
tear slowly coming out of my eye as my
wife uses the toy she got an Amazon
don't think so no sir
[Music]
I can't even leave a conversation
sometimes without [ __ ] that out like
if you try to leave a room on a
conversation and say something what are
your charming but then like your brain
and not doesn't work in actual words
don't come out you ever do that [ __ ]
like some girls like nice to meet you
I'm like yet nice 45:5 said this is my
walk to like an uncle who's been through
[ __ ] I'm like I'm a [ __ ] idiot that
was nice start to justify maybe she just
thinks I had a stroke and I'm really
cool about you ever doing that [ __ ] and
walk the wrong way you got to go back
and like dammit I do like you got
another chance Brent try she's like have
a good night you like yeah keep the rain
down keep the write down what are you
pricks it's not just with girls like I
[ __ ] sit up all the time like I got
an argument my guy friend the other day
I called him a lion like I meant to call
him a liar I wanted to leave like you're
a [ __ ] liar and then walk out but
instead I was like you're [ __ ] lyin
I've got dammit like I lost that
argument forever
because there's nothing better you can
call another man there is absent I can
literally be like you got a big dick in
you [ __ ] well and that's still not
calling a guy a lion is I basically was
like you got a big heart you're brave
you're full of pride your hair is
fantastic you're a king
you're a king James your King the most
embarrassing like awkward leave I ever
had in my life though is I used to work
for The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien
and Bradley Cooper was on the show and
he was a superhot nice guy I was it hot
whatever [ __ ] is not Gabe you laugh on
it's Wednesday no but he's super nice
he's saying hi to everyone he's saying
bye he's like a super cool guy and that
know where he comes up to me and he goes
hey man have a good night and I was like
what a nice guy but here's what I said
he goes hey man have a good night I was
a guy night night [ __ ] that night he
brought like my heart was sweaty over
your heart sweat like you're in high
school and you called your teacher mom
for no reason anybody
let's do that [ __ ] in a busy hall like
hey Brett hey mom [ __ ] and your guy
friends call her like she call her Marla
no you [ __ ] liar
one time I was at the mall and I was
trying to flirt with this asian girl
there and I was like hey yeah what kind
of Asian are you that's how you do it
that's this then she goes actually I'm
Chinese Vietnamese in Filipino and I was
like whoa you got three parents hell
yeah I just still a little silly joke
right
well she didn't get it you know she was
like what no I have to dumbass but she
was that hot you know I mean she was
like I don't get jokes hot not too dumb
I don't want like completely just you
know not you know just walking out in
the middle of traffic and not like
irresponsible dumb but I don't know a
lot of [ __ ] I don't care right sometimes
girls get mad when guys say there's no
you like dumb girl what are you
intimidated by smart girls like now I
don't really need a smart shape because
here's the thing logically it's not
gonna get me late girls like smarter
dudes therefore you need to be dumber
than me if I want to [ __ ] right if
you're smart of me you're not gonna want
to [ __ ] me so you need to be dumb all
right that's just kind of way it works
okay I don't like dressing up that much
onstage mostly because I hate going to
the dry cleaners man I always feel like
I'm getting scammed in there you ever
feel like that like think about this
every time you go into a dry cleaners
what's it look like there's thousands of
clothes up there yet there's never a
line of people right like how the hell
is that mathematically possible should
there be a line out the door like
Chipotle considering the volume of [ __ ]
in there war all the people man does
anyone know what they're doing back
there
nobody knows isn't that strange you take
your nice clothes all the way over there
and just god I trust you right you don't
know they know you don't know I think
they're just like gambling and cutting
up ducks and all sorts of legal Asian
[ __ ] back
and they need the time to try on your
[ __ ] you think they're not doing that
they got everybody's nicest clothes I
look cool one more this the Vegas I'm
wearing this the Vegas you're like gonna
have this for the weekend they're like
sorry I need it for the weekend okay I
don't like making a lot of Asian jokes
man we get made fun of all the time
right like we're the only minority we
get made fun of while we're still in the
room right no one hesitates no envelope
people just go right into it Asian guys
smell like fish man I was at the store
this guy walks it no offense man
anyway the Asian guy like what the hell
no one does that with black people right
what makes a black joke Shh
a man is a black guy right there he's
gonna beat her ass to start a March or
some [ __ ] to forget Asian jokes no one
cares man I go to comedy shows every
night I'm standing the back way no go on
a comedian makes an Asian joke what does
the whole crowd do turn a left right in
my face haha he's talking about you but
you do get a small dick you guys hear
that story about a Jeremy Lin and the
[ __ ] in the armor Fiasco on espn.com a
few months ago right you guys remember
them for guys who don't know Jeremy Lin
plays basketball for the New York Knicks
he's asian-american dude did you just
boo the Knicks or him being an
asian-american boom I'm racist I don't
care about basketball
all right that's cool all right so he's
basketball player anyways so there was a
headline they put a picture of him after
the Knicks lost the game and then they
wrote the headline [ __ ] in the armor
and blah blah blah right a lot of Asians
were pissed off because a racist now if
you watch basketball a lot they use that
phrase pretty commonly but I can so
there's it's a great area whether they
are intentionally trying to be racist or
not because first of all let's be honest
ESPN is owned by Disney it's a very PC
organization I don't think anyone there
is that racist that they're like I'm not
gonna get fired over this [ __ ] watch
this hahaha like you got to know you're
gonna get fired if you do that right but
I understand it made a lot of people mad
that's cool take it down okay but a lot
of my Asian friends are like nah man you
shouldn't be even allowed to say that
phrase in public because it might make
Asians feel uncomfortable because it's
racist I'm like yeah but if the phrase
isn't inherently racist and they'll you
can't say it at all I'm like okay is
that what you want to do okay fine
don't say [ __ ] in the armor in front of
Asian people don't say spill the beans
in front of Mexican people don't say
that was a cheap shot in front of Jewish
people don't say raise the roof in front
of homeless people right
don't say look a gift horse in the mouth
in front of Sarah Jessica Parker don't
say it's not over to the fat lady sings
in front of a dowel like don't do these
things
okay I just want to look older man I'm
wishing for follicles this year
can you put Rogaine on your face is that
like safe I'm kind of a hyper contract
so I want to like look it up and there's
no information on this it says don't use
on your face but I thought that was just
like cuz they think it won't work but I
don't know we should try I feel like if
you're inhaling it that's probably bad
what if it didn't work here but then my
nose here is [ __ ] about my dad when
he was my age he had a [ __ ] big ass
like pervy mustache I want that [ __ ] man
cuz I feel like dudes like you want to
look older everyone keeps telling me oh
enjoy looking young it's a good thing
it's annoying as [ __ ] like there's no
positive you here's the thing you don't
want to look young you just don't want
to look like [ __ ] when you're old that's
really more the goal right cuz if you're
young look if you look younger than you
are it's disrespectful like when I was
10 years old people thought it was 5
then I was 15 people thought it was 5 I
can't take this man like what's the goal
everyone's I think what you look like
when you're 40 is their surprise at 40 I
don't know about like when I'm gonna be
65 look like I'm 45 and then I died I
was like I thought he was 45 like that's
it I get carded at Danny's for the
senior discount like where is the
advantage cuz I get four dude you want
to look older because people like will
trust you like think about like in media
it's like it's all about young girls you
know like Miley Cyrus or whoever you
know it's always like that's the girl in
the news but dudes it's the opposite
it's like you want to be like Sean
Connery or George Clooney and [ __ ]
that's like sexy wisdom and [ __ ] right
no one cares about young guys
everyone just shits on young guy like
what if there was an emergency right
it's like an earthquake or some [ __ ] and
I just come busting in the door like oh
[ __ ] what can I do yours gonna find an
adult call somebody get some help so I
had a good day today
I remember my password to my credit card
website on the first try
don't you guys get excited when you nail
it on the first time yes because I feel
like every day I wake up but I'm like
forget password forget password forget
password I hate that [ __ ] because then
you have to answer the security
questions what third-grader is writing
these security questions
well they a little easy but everytime
I'm on a date with a girl now and she's
like so what's the name of your first
pad like [ __ ] are you trying to reset
my password what's your mom's maiden
name well what the [ __ ] do you want to
know for what's your mom's maiden name
what's the street you grew up on no you
first okay
it sucks because I hate me new people
now I feel like I can't tell them
anything about myself you know cuz it
answers my security questions go out
there you know they're like hey when's
your birthday and I'm like I'm sorry I
can't tell you that
well what city were you born in can't
tell you that either what was your first
car if you ask me one more question I'm
gonna have to lock you out for 24 hours
policy like what is the security
question so easy should it be harder
like like the security question should
be something only you know like I think
the security question should be named
the person you want to have sex with the
most of the same gender as you right hey
cuz that's a secret
right if you're straight you gotta think
about for a little bit like we'll shoot
I put down on this I'm planning on there
we go and then if someone hacks in your
account they probably won't even do
anything cuz they'll just want to call
you first right like hey man I was gonna
switch around your [ __ ] but uh you want
to have sex with a dude from duck
dynasty you got problems
I hate come up with a new password too
cuz the site always judges you on it
you're like how about this it's like wig
about this wig [ __ ] you computer I just
like hit a bunch of keys it's like
strong please reenter like I don't know
what the [ __ ] I am sometimes you do that
you do it on the phone - man I move so I
to call my cable company and the latest
like sir you're gonna have to answer
your security question I was like I
don't remember setting it up what is it
she's like what is your favorite
restaurant
I don't know hooters
she's like no I was like oh PF Changs
out back then it just got like more and
more embarrassing because I had to admit
to go these shitty ass places and like
the last year I was like a sizzler
jack-in-the-box a summation place with
the plan words like 902 won for
something it's raining ramen
she's like sorry you can just tell me
your social security numbers what the
[ __ ] you just asked me that before I
don't want to tell you all that about me
didn't they in the conversation I was
like wait hey before you go can you tell
me what my favorite restaurant is she's
like oh yeah you said uh Mickey D's nuts
and I was like ah Sh [ __ ]
should have known me better than that
[Music]
I think that in this day and age it
would be easier to come out of the
closet than to tell your parents that
you want to be a magician how they'd be
way easier to tell them you're gay
rather than you want to spend your whole
life doing magic as a magician I just
imagine a magician coming to his parents
we must have something to discuss right
now right here I'm sure you've realized
by now hey what you seen smoke bomb
dosed son we thought you were gay this
is way worse mother please do not cry a
handkerchief for your tears
Oh son please just come back home when
you're gay
did did you come with somebody and they
Bella no just like this Chile incognito
in the corner I like your style dude you
look sharp you're like dude I know what
I have to offer so I'm going to go out
and pluck and find friends on a Friday
night it's fine friend Friday if you
[ __ ] follow you on twitter which I
don't but I will tonight what do you do
you're not gonna tell yet have we seen
you naked
you're just studying oh [ __ ] you first
impressions yeah yeah you're moving back
home for sure economy six weeks of
course it's art yeah but dude just
[ __ ] stick with it you know if you
stay in it long enough like and you're a
good dude and you work hard [ __ ]
it'll work out with ya but also [ __ ]
maybe won't you move back you know I
believe what I said but also it might
not
yeah have you done any film so we could
see like on YouTube right back just
college shows for yeah [ __ ] right on
cue poop pervert table for two
[ __ ] old creepy pervert Jesus Christ
dude
you look like a guy that would say that
and then you're [ __ ] Kenneth you know
what I'm saying
like if we were to play a game called
spot the pervert
again the spot light would shine right
on you you're owning it though - are you
a big fan of horn sir
you love it oh yeah everybody yeah what
support that guess [ __ ] it's so ground
upon though
everybody has watched it or watched it
you know I'm saying even if you've
always seen one video you've seen it in
that [ __ ] whatever you saw
it's [ __ ] gonna stay with you right
sweetheart have you seen any more
no yeah and you know what your [ __ ]
line but that's okay that's that's okay
cuz like you know you're married to him
I know we got off to a rocky start but
you two it might say four people and
hear it what's the weirdest thing you've
seen porn wiser that you saw on your
life oh [ __ ]
I hope hope you know nobody I care about
ever sees baby you know I'm saying
dwarves and donkeys yeah okay you know
what
didn't want you to say that and I
[ __ ] knew when I asked I'd like it's
gonna be something super [ __ ] weird
[ __ ] and donkeys okay so and is it
good
what was the storyline is it like a plot
I don't know why I'm [ __ ] asking more
questions this is
[Music]
I'm always surprised at like how [ __ ]
some girls can be at the club while
looking so uncomfortable oh you look
nice tonight
get lost I just wanted to talk e you're
a loser
come on Becky we have to get to our
spaceship this club that I was at they
do I don't know this is like I'm not
this club and have you seen this where
they'll have this fog gas spray down on
the dance floor has anybody seen this
like you will be dancing like yeah this
is so refreshing I kind of can't breathe
I like it
I want to know is that a us-specific
thing because I only happen in clubs
here in the US because if I were at a
club in Germany and that happened it
would be a little easy
is everybody having a fantastic time
tonight long history books I need an air
vent follow me oh thank you this was my
way out of there exterminate the Jews
that's so awesome
she kamikazes don't a lot of people
don't know this in Japan the drink it's
not called the kamikaze it's called
great-grandpa
Oh
and as much as I hate political
correctness like I fall into it too like
I had my family reunion not too long ago
and I took my buddy Dee with me Dee's
one of my oldest friends you know I've
known him my whole life he's like a
brother to me he's a brother he's black
and uh rap my family reunion it's a
picnic so we're doing picnic [ __ ] we're
eating picnic food and Dee's my guest so
I'm taking care of my deck my guest
right so the food's coming around I'm
like Dee you want some coleslaw let me
get some coleslaw biscuits come around
like do you want some biscuits let me
give you some biscuits about four food
items down coming in hot I see Fried
Chicken I'm like oh [ __ ] what do I do
what do I do cuz I got two options I can
either in front everybody be like hey
Dee my black friend do you want some
fried chicken but now I look like the
[ __ ] Grand Wizard of the clam to
everybody or or I can like try and
subtly go round D but then that
conversation is gonna be weird
do you realize what a way you don't
think I want the fried chicken of course
you do
of course what they'll fight like I'm
[ __ ] either way right and I just see
it getting closer and I keep seeing Dee
and I just it's like I keep hearing that
Kill Bill alarm just like
[Applause]
but I gotta say something but I just I
didn't want to say fried chicken but I
probably made it worse I just go hey do
you want some of this breaded bird or
crispy fat all like I don't know if the
[ __ ] I'm saying and I don't know why
given our shape because fried chicken
its soul food it's part of the culture
like if I said to one of my Mexican
buddies hey Jose do you want to swallow
you guys old what'd you think I wanted
tamale
cuz I'm Mexican I'd be like yeah that's
[ __ ] exactly why I guess it's Mexican
food you're Mexican you should love that
[ __ ] like I'm Irish if you offer me a
Guinness and a potato I'm not gonna be
offended trust me
let's you only offer me one Guinness and
my buddy D God loved him but he's always
telling me how like the white man is the
devil and white people are evil now
these mom's white but he doesn't claim
that he's like [ __ ] that I'm black okay
again like I told my was like look D I
understand that there's prejudice and
racism in the world but I told him I was
like not everything is the man trying to
get you like we're at a drive-through at
McDonald's D sit next to me
I get the food I hand this to D we take
off D loses his [ __ ] he just goes CJ
this is what I'm talking about I go what
D they didn't give me my [ __ ] pickles
like a wet D he go CJ there's a lot of
[ __ ] you don't see cuz you're white oh
my god [ __ ] here we go
I can buckle up I go let D if there's a
lot of [ __ ] you don't see because you're
white J like I paid for the whole burger
right I paid for the whole burger but I
didn't get the whole burger did I J they
held my pickles back they're controlling
my pickles J like if you ever looked at
the inside of a burger J have you ever
broken down a burger J like what colors
to the bread it's white what color's the
meat J it's brown see how the white
bread is trying to hold down the brown
meat just control it
keep it hit this little box where it's
safe and those pickles they didn't give
me what color those pickles J with a
green yeah you know what else is green
j-money J if you control the pickles you
the money see you just don't see the
[ __ ] cuz you're white so I want to know
J what you got to say about these no
offense but these white Devils won't
give me my pickles J so what do you not
say about these crackers not give me my
pickles J like holy [ __ ] uh I think you
got my burger I ordered no pickles ah
[ __ ] dummy Jesus Christ I'm winded
from that joke holy [ __ ] I'm fat [ __ ]
how fast you have to be to sweat from
talking cuz that's where I'm at right
now
lights on rotisserie
[Music]
social medias ruining everything isn't
it putting yourself ease how many you
take today 10 right no ridiculous and
selfies if you really think about it
really like 20 years ago before the
internet if you woke up every morning
and you took Polaroids of your face and
your boobs and your food and you put
them in a bunch of envelopes in several
thousands your friends every morning
Jenni's talking crazy she could that
envelope to Mike
oh she's had 20 pictures of her face she
get kidnapped is the proof of life sure
I know what she included 20 pictures of
her food too
well she went to a nice restaurant she's
bragging no like food anybody can make
like salmon and quinoa butternut squash
you guys look right in that [ __ ] oh yeah
butternut squash and salmon ten minutes
go me it's like what the [ __ ] off let's
shove your receptionist
I'm glad I'm not single anymore though
because when I was a lot of my friends
particularly my straight ones felt
compelled to set me up you know with
like another gay person they just
happened to know you know some of you
maybe have tried to do this
she's like yes me thank you so much for
now I um thank you for your service but
like you guys I have a thing called
standards and they go beyond just liking
dick and maybe two fingers up the butt
so some people don't get that so I got a
girlfriend who was like trying to get me
to her party she goes come to my party
they're gonna be three gay guys there
okay I can turn on Grindr what else is
new you know she goes one of them's into
Asians yeah I was like oh my god jeez
thank you so much you know I'm more than
a fetish y'all okay I want to know about
his hopes and dreams
what's his credit score does he have
property in a weak heart you know like
he was on the Will's at me you know you
know you know I actually did go on a
date though with a guy with an asian
fetish not to brag um you know it was
very innocent at first I should have
known all the signs were there you know
he had a sward collection of samurai
swords yeah he had like like all the
languages he could speak and his profile
was like white people don't learn
Chinese unless I'm trying to like you
know get at it the hard language you
know and we were at dinner and he goes
Asian food is my favorite okay well then
why are we a Buca di Beppo poor person
Oh
and then he goes where are you from
right and I was like oh houston texas
right home of Beyonce and diabetes he
completely ignores that he goes no no no
no but where you from from you know yeah
and before I even had a chance to answer
he goes because her eyes say Japanese
your cheekbones Chinese Japanese look
Korean maybe and I was like wow didn't
realize on a date with 23andme like
lucky me
right then he goes on to say I hope you
don't find any of this racist which is
what racist people say what everybody
say racist things he goes I've dated a
lot of Asians and I'm usually pretty
good at telling them apart you however
are not like the rest of them you have a
very masculine face yes
okay so moral dilemma racism no go
obviously uh masculine though has never
been an adjective used to describe me
haha I'm gonna take it where I can get
it you know mmm masculine face now most
people at this point would have left
this day right but this all went out
before the appetizers even got to the
table so it's like what's a girl to do
you know and I mean like you look like a
woman who respects herself like if you
were in my shoes what would you do you
would sleep with him that's right that's
right
Wow same same girl Sam read my mind
ah cuz even though there were so many
red flags I was six drinks deep he paid
and I had already douche so not gonna
waste this empty feeling inside you know
fill the tip and regret that's my time
I'm Elaine Cheng has been great sure
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
my kids will definitely have rat tails
cuz even child molesters are grossed out
by a rat tail okay I need you guys from
outside the country yeah where I said
outside the country culturally it's the
same thing there's a line there on a map
when someone from Canada is like I'm
from a different country I'm like oh
yeah that's like your friend who's like
well technically tomatoes are fruits
shut up shut up they're in salads what
about you guys UK okay okay yeah we're
your stuff kids we get it what's your
impression of American people what do
you guys think of us over there first
thing that comes to your head be honest
stupid okay you're brave I like that
you're in a room full of American people
it's a different one four times out of
five people are like fat no matter how
thick the accent they say it like that
fat like it's a bad thing sure there are
health risks do I have high cholesterol
yes
did I find out from going to a doctor no
here's how you find out if your
cholesterol is a problem without even
seeing a physician if you laugh like
this and then get light happening crust
or might be for you yeah there are
health risks but what about all the cool
stuff about being fat
funnier see a skinny guy parked too
close to another car you're not gonna
stop and watch him try to slither out
you see a fat guy park dude close to
another car everything's on hold you
gotta take a video to watch to cheer you
up every time you're sad it's like it's
the only time you'll see a fat guy try
to attempt a cartwheel while holding his
stomach get more cheese make some noise
for cheese we all love cheese or there
wouldn't be a pill that allows you to
eat cheese even though your body's like
hell no usually when your body tells you
not to do something you're like okay
okay but cheese is so good you're like
I'll fart on a first date let's get
pizza
[Applause]
laziness we all love laziness so much
too lazy to cheer for it so lazy I don't
want to finish this joke
laziness is the best but it's not
socially acceptable to be proud of how
lays you are that's why I have you I
read plans cancelled on you oh yeah it's
the best
oh darn we tried oh well guess won't it
change into our sweatpants and laid down
for the next eight hours I'm so
disappointed maybe it's finally time to
start watching Game of Thrones now that
nobody can spoil it for us having plans
canceled on uses social equivalent of
getting to shoot up heroin
consequence-free like wait I'm gonna put
you on speakerphone can you say that one
more time yeah bad cat bake it something
came up then you hear the HBO chew more
cushion for the pushin you guys do sex
is you guys do more than one kind of sex
gained weight way better
just more cushion in general skinny
people every time you guys fly you gotta
buy one of those neck pillows every time
cuz you forgot it at home or left it on
the plane that people don't have to do
that because we have them built into our
face
trying to lose weight why is that so
funny not because I want to look good
I'm married what do I need to do that
for I just want to be able to take a
sweatshirt off while I'm sitting in a
car without getting out of breath and
sweaty
[Applause]
[Music]
my ex-wife god rest her soul she's not
dead I just wish God would wrestling
song what the hell was her name again
oh yeah plaintiff she's to have these
terrible mood swings and in right did
one time I bought her a mood ring was
kind of interesting whenever she was in
a good mood the stone would turn green
when she was in a bad mood it would
leave a big red mark on my forehead half
a doctor ever told me I had six months
to live but I want my ex-wife to come
back and be with me because it'd be the
longest goddamn six months I have you
going through a divorce you have to have
a sense of humor I was in court the
other day the judge said me I'm going to
give your wife $3,000 a month I said
that's fine your honor and from time to
time I'll try to give her a few bucks
myself
[Applause]
what's going on white people
see some Asians here it's good it's good
there's more they're probably invisible
but they're here
I don't really mess around with Asians I
don't I don't pick on them because I
learned that they warned you before they
beat you up if you ever get in a fight
with an agent and he says please I don't
want any trouble
you really should run for your life
right right but there's always that
racist dude yeah he was picking on you
calls you a name from a kung fu movie or
a character that makes no sense she's
gonna do about a Jackie Chan I learned
if an Asian says it twice please I don't
want any trouble but this time his lips
aren't moving somebody else is talking
you should run you really should run
when you hear somebody yell round one
[ __ ] get out of there don't stay at
all yeah is he laughing okay I don't
there's any Italians here
soccer's not that serious Eurocup they
lost the spain for nothing my neighbors
eat out and they went up to mothers
about what happened what to make fun of
him what happened for nothing that's a
lot you know he said to me whatever
brawl where the [ __ ] was Africa
first of all it's called the hero cop
there's no Africa in Europe okay we're
gonna be racist at least be educated
that is stupid and it's not like Africa
has one team there's different countries
in the continent there isn't an African
man standing on a mountain going
everybody assemble your powers and go
never she's a black people it's good see
it soon as I got on stage you held your
girl - you can let her go black people
don't steal everything you can let her
go um white people please I would like
to talk to you guys for a sec because I
should apologize cuz in the first grade
I never colored you in
sorry and what I did I used the white
pencil creme that's ridiculous like I
didn't even use a little red there was a
peach crayon designed for you people I
never used it because my mother never
said don't trust the peach people it's
funny how we compare people to the cause
of the world rights it's ridiculous
white people are not white black people
may be a con but black people are not
Asians are not yellow right in the first
grade if you ever colored somebody
yellow they wouldn't even think you were
braces they think you're [ __ ]
[ __ ] like you never colored in the
black people with a black pencil crayon
right you didn't do that of course not
cuz if you did I would have put you your
[ __ ] throat does that seem racist for
thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory com
you
hey yeah i got a boyfriend he's gay
[Applause]
he was uh he was [ __ ] me the other
day i was like this dude's gay for sure
you know
like a [ __ ]
we like to have fun yeah
don't you miss saying that word [ __ ]
it's got the fun the gun and the time
is it's a fun word
and now i say that in my sets and all
these white women come up after and
they're like hey
dylan you can't say that dylan you can't
say
thank you i'm like
how many [ __ ] have you sucked cheryl
i deserve this you [ __ ] i deserve this
a lot of people ask if i get offended by
that word and i don't because i think
it's a fair word you know
because it's the most offensive thing
you can call gay man and the most
offensive thing you can call a straight
man
you ever call a straight man a [ __ ]
it's like oh dude gay pull yourself
together you [ __ ] [ __ ] jesus man
[ __ ] promos
i do like being gay though not just for
hollywood's sake
you know because i could talk [ __ ] to
women
i don't know if you've ever noticed that
but like gay dudes are like the last
ones that can talk [ __ ] to women
you know but sometimes my voice doesn't
sound gay enough you know i'll be like
hey carol you're a [ __ ] and they're
like whoa dylan
but if i'm like hey carol you dirty [ __ ]
they're like
love you [ __ ] just walking around
oh my god
you
and by the way gay marriage if you hate
gay people make them get married you
know I mean like we you know my friends
the governor and he is all for that
because you know the economy think about
it
he's like boy that's 1.3 billion dollars
with the gay weddings and the [ __ ] he
gave flowers that he gave balloons the
big gay divorce will be funky taxied the
gay marijuana you know so he's got a
heart of gold man that guy and literally
literally half of it's a pig heart
Devil's golden and he's a great guy
anyway you guys they go for the hot
women I have never been attracted to a
woman that did not have an obvious flaw
because you know like missing a leg or
something anything you know because the
truth is eventually I got to take this
shirt off in front of her and I don't
want to hear oh my God look at your love
handles
what about your [ __ ] stump [ __ ] get
over here let's let's get it on we're
even man
so I live in LA now I said to myself
Gary because Gary's my name and he had
any alcoholics yet tonight
yeah like oh yeah [ __ ] yes of course I
got a good busted for drugs once yeah I
got involved with the wrong people
I didn't realize you were the wrong
people until they showed me the police
bags but I got arrested for drunk
driving yeah the officer told me to
officer said get up and walk I couldn't
walk he said you realize you can't walk
I said I know that I'm driving [ __ ]
so I said I said office I'll tell you
something we break the laws this is why
you have a job so I'm one of your
employers
so you're [ __ ] fired
well I you know I think God is dope but
like yeah but it's like even though I
believe in God like I still have atheist
friends because I feel like a difference
of opinion shouldn't separate people and
like it's cool we'll have an atheist
friends because when something bad
happens to you atheist friend you don't
have to say I'm praying for you all you
have to say is it'd be like that
sometimes
well like I was talking to my atheist
friendly other day and he was like bro
is 2018 why do people still believe in
God I was like for the same reason that
white athletes still play against black
dad they have a lot of faith which all
the cool past I feel like I got to open
up to y'all like to be honest with y'all
like I'm feeling a little emotional
right now just a little emotional and
all the reason why is because they won't
let me pray in church because my voice
sounds like I'm trying to give God the
day
it's like I'm not trying to do that
because we not married so disrespect
[Music]
I like growth like I like this
fraternity looking all serious as I'm
love bro I came to get a bad rap this
cyber scare this I don't think scares
I'm still wonderful they are they're
really good to see growth as a bad rap
because they come in a room hot people
get scared they don't know what I mean I
said bro back without a side sure beer
sports [ __ ] third deck out and they
come in a room hot Xperia this was salt
it was like ah I'm always like not at
all just dog rows are the dogs of humans
they're just excited because they might
make a friend it's always road walking
rooms just like who wants to be my
friend where can I pee can i hump her
that's a golden retriever baby that's
all that is here think about how hard it
is to make friends as an adult very hard
to make friend let you with a probe and
just say anything to them feel like we
you breathe air cry [ __ ] wallbox the
kid brother you can wear shirt they like
the gorger's and then that's your new
spouse or the day if you want them
that's good are there are they're bad
roads this side of the room absolutely
oh there's some bad girls on you have to
name names of bad roads but this bad dog
is good dog
there's good bros you ever meet a good
bro out of nowhere in a bar just like
road beat way like waves public back
there's an epidemic in this country of
progressive growth if you ever met one
is probably a couple here tonight and
they're amazing if they seek progressive
got the heart of a bro
heart bro and progressive till they crow
the other night on the chip you [ __ ]
all night was awesome water
uber make sure she got home safe got the
little white boy and it all changed this
is my final point but it all fear hittin
it we just had an election in this
country I don't know if you guys heard
thank you so much for your enthusiasm Oh
God
we just we did we had an election can't
go very well progresses and to me the
lesson was to me the lesson is we're not
communicating well with middle America
and is that crazy what do we send their
way logs and Lena Dunham we could do
better
vlogs don't work laws have never worked
because blogs are written primarily by
hipsters and hipsters are the cast as
humans you don't like one of the five
very specific bands that I like don't
[ __ ] touch me
I'm going to go look at a window and
Condor the cat up in the middle America
more importantly for narrating Virginia
needs a dog people we're trying to toss
in the transgender bathrooms massive
issue you read a blog at the complex
issue sexual spectrum Jennifer woody
took us to Lots do it I was in afar a
couple weeks ago trying to watch my
wizard but there's this bro thank you
buddy
Steve's dog heard the name I'm at this
farm trying to watch the king row next
to me just talking to me cuz I get to
look at him earlier I know why we're
talking in my year I don't know why
we're talking and I was bored and I was
curious I just go man what do you think
about transgender man
I took a rig and rice paid me back
because he turned to me and he goes bro
why would you give a [ __ ] who shits next
year and I was like that's the right
answer it's not how we would have put it
but that's the right answer and it's so
simple when he said it I looked at was
like you need to go to middle America
right now and you need to just spread
your words my bros we need to send the
progressive into middle America armed
only with natty ice and opinions because
I am Telling You they ain't
understanding the blog's but they're
going to get one of these guys being
like broke all the gays demerits for
posting for us an order sailor
that were somewhere
are they trying to figure out loving
ain't making sense man I Valentine's Day
throwing me off because I messed up last
year and with the Victoria's Secret
mistake I grabbed a bra put a uh put it
on the counter you know you walk me like
there's no way this could be the actual
price and she confirm there was $65 I'm
like what does it do
I'm uncomfortable I'm like what you
gonna do man you ain't paying for this
get out of this situation
I had nothing clever man I just mosey it
away from the counter like this
mosey my ass out to JCPenney $8.00 you
don't even hear me eight dollars for the
bra and the panties it came on the same
hanger and it was beige I don't give a
[ __ ]
you think I care you think she's gonna
walk in the room with it and I'ma be
like wait a minute
is that one pennies I can't go through
with this
so look at this on my mosey out the
panties how much of the panties ladies a
Victoria's Secret lay how much like
twenty year the ones I saw was $23.99
now let's say I would have spent 65
that's like 80 something dollars plus
tax if I spend that much I can't even
enjoy the sex she trying to be cute
twirling it stretching out all the
fabric throwing it you better take care
of this nice [ __ ]
I spent eighty five dollars plus tax on
this you wearing this again tomorrow you
might as well consider this a uniform
should I spent that much I'm wearing it
too
because like love like he was talking
about romantic comedies love is a weird
thing for men because we don't [ __ ]
get it the women I don't know if women I
know women learn it or if it's just
something instinctive I you ever talk to
a woman about what she likes in a man
that [ __ ] is fascinating all right cuz
men we're so [ __ ] easy we're like
we're like stupid it like look either
pretty face or big tits or long legs or
whatever we got you got us you know what
I mean there's no there's no subtlety
there's no what's the secret of a man
show him your tits that works right but
with women you you get all kind I was
talking to this woman and she said that
she loved a man's forearms because when
she was a little girl her dad used to
hold her and he was so strong and I was
like no man would figure that [ __ ] out
in a hundred [ __ ] years would there
be a guy doing wrist curls saying ma'am
but develop these forearms alright cuz
we never think of that cuz no guy is
ever like man I love this woman cuz her
kids are just like my mom's right right
like that never we just not wired that
way you know what I mean we don't think
that and a woman a woman lovely I'm
guessing this is your wife girlfriend or
like I don't know okay but know you love
him because of who he is right I mean
that's how women are they this guy right
here she loves you because of who you
are men with we're too shallow we don't
understand that because women who love
us for who we are and we don't know who
the [ __ ] we are you know you're like I
love you you likewise like let's stop
right here cuz if you knew me like I
knew me [ __ ] you you know and cuz then
you asked a man who he is will tell you
like our favorite sports team you know I
mean like so who are you really
I love the Lakers [ __ ] love the
Lakers right well the first thing we
bonded on sports first thing we went to
two women we'll have a conversation well
I'm sorry no it's okay we're men she
already knew
trust me there's no secret I'm giving up
this how long you guys been together how
long about 20-something years yeah you
ain't got [ __ ] to worry about no you're
my favorite you're a twenty year man
that's the bet I [ __ ] I love watching 20
year men you know I ain't scared of [ __ ]
right that's why he sitting like that
that's why you having a good time
he ain't got [ __ ] to work no you're fine
man which is what I'm saying you ain't
got [ __ ] to wear your 20 year man if
it's gonna see a relationship 20 years
they don't give a [ __ ] anymore right
could they love each other even when
they don't like each other that's the
beauty of a 20-year relationship and you
look at this guy over here this guy over
here is young he could [ __ ] up at any
moment you know what I'm saying every
moment he like man she finds she out of
my league I did not [ __ ] this up this
guy here she like if she wasn't she
might just leave you know what I'm
saying he might just be you know across
this and and and should be like see you
later you know cuz if that's the beauty
of 20 years you love each other even
when you don't like each other right
like I always want to be I'm not a
relationship guy I want to be a 20-year
minute I don't want to put in 20 years I
just want the benefits of being a 20
year man you know what that is that love
is that love each other even if you
don't like each other what do they say
don't go to bed mad [ __ ] 20 here man you
wake up man I'm gonna have a good
morning [ __ ] you okay okay just gonna be
that kind of day today I'll see you
later on tonight all right
minute that's the ain't worried about a
community you know that that's it's just
that [ __ ] day you know what I'm
saying I love watching couples have been
together a long time I'll be at the
casino man in Vegas you see a 20-year
couple they soon they hit the casino you
go that way I'm going that way if you
win half that shit's mine [ __ ] off and
that's it
they won't see each other for three days
then meet back at the airport you have a
good time [ __ ] yeah well let's go home
that's a good weekend that's 20 years
you got to earn that [ __ ] you can't do
that [ __ ] you look at you holding on to
her like she about to escape any moment
my man sitting there like seeing going
no [ __ ] way
what's up party people I'm comedian Ron
G you think that because the lyrics feel
free to like share and comment on the
video below or you can see us live at
Hollywood Long Beach Reno and then you
don't block your blessing uh yeah
I'm not gay a lot of people think that
I'm gay because I'm into a lot of gay
stuff like art and smoothies so like so
like I always feel like when I meet when
I meet someone like when I meet a girl I
have to subtly throw into the
conversation that I'm straight you know
like we'll be at a museum looking at a
painting okay you know Picasso was
pretty good at all but I always thought
he's a little overrated you know it's
not overrated vagina I just love a girl
with vagina I do a whole musical number
with jazz hands and pas de Bouree it is
to die for gets the point across what do
you guys think you think people are born
gay or you think it's like a choice made
out of rebellion later in life born I
think so too Gaga I think people are
born gay
I think it's funny though people think
that being gay is a choice made out of
rebellion later in life because if you
think that then you're putting being gay
on the same level as stealing your
parents car or running away from home
and I've done a lot of interesting
things to rebel against my parents but
I've never been like what's that daddy
you're not getting me a happy meal no
problem there's a new meal that makes me
happy
so yes we're broken we got texting right
texting not the [ __ ] best look I got
the spell checking my phone you kind of
find out about yourself with the
spellcheck she'll type in like a
mid-level curse word like douchebag or
something then the spell checker come on
be like douchebag didn't you mean
dirtbike the spell truck I met douchebag
then finally it's like well do you like
to have douchebag to your dictionary I
sure would spellcheck yes let's keep
douchebag handy for next time shall we
this is LA I'm surely meeting another
one within an hour you know what texting
is done more than anything to me
it's really revolutionized lying people
lie like [ __ ] crazy via text
particularly when you're making plans
with them and I'm a glossary of terms of
what people text and what they mean
alright when someone texts I'm on my way
what they mean is I'm on my couch yeah
and when they text hey man I just pulled
up come outside what they mean is hey
man I'm ten minutes away but I'd rather
you wait for me than I wait for you
okay good
what up y'all good just a good little
crowd y'all look good you guys look like
a non-denominational Church I gotta stop
going to black people Church I'm done
thinking about it man he's just torture
the [ __ ] out of you why why is this so
long bro you know we gotta get to the
bottom of this [ __ ] I didn't realize how
long it was till I went to white people
Church man you guys don't mess around
it's ice church was from 11:00 a.m. so
11 17 I was like god damn I feel a
successful day coming on I got time for
my to-do list black sir is a little
different had a lady at my church she's
saying every Sunday every single Sunday
she's saying and she was disrespectful
commerce unday she's saying she wasn't
even in the choir she's just one of
those old ladies that go to church to
out church everybody else sister Sarah
this [ __ ]
this is the year to be sitting there so
long as stomach hurts you got a headache
you're hungry Church is about to end and
then somebody makes it long it doesn't
hurt she gets up and sings Jesus it
doesn't even get to the dusk that's how
hard she said yeah
a
I'm like there's no I was in Jesus [ __ ]
he's got to wrap it up I'm out to die
let's say 300 mega o sound that's
disrespect
it's disrespect
[Applause]
[Music]
some teachers are really good and some
teachers are really bad some teachers
just didn't put event benefits in the
summers you know what I mean
they don't know [ __ ] my best friend is a
teacher he teaches Spanish he knows no
Spanish no Spanish I said how did you
get that job he said they was hiring I
went in there and I said when those
deals they gave me the job he knows no
Spanish he knows no how do you teach a
class Spanish if you know no Spanish I
said to him one day you know just to
test them I said well you know in
poquito just to see what he was gonna
say and he was like yeah I said you
don't even know her own pequin told me
that that's a little bit that just made
everybody know every if you don't know
Spanish everybody should at least know
that even if just just that's like
that's just in your dear handbook of
[ __ ] you should know you should know
merci beaucoup
adios windows deals you should know un
poquito you should know that just in
case fellas you mean maybe y'all might
get lucky one day and have sex with a
Spanish woman but if you do that dat on
poquito come in handy because they like
to go rough I've been now they go fast
and they go Robin
without all do you want me to slow down
Oh Quito Oh Paquito [ __ ] just slow it
down
I'm not in a rush I want to remember
this stop trying I don't know I talk
about politics a lot sometimes it's just
tough Barack got it tough they don't
like him at all he think they like him
the difference between him and Martin
Luther King is mom Luther King knew they
didn't like him Barack is delusional he
think everybody liked him but I you
can't fault him cuz he you know he won
Iowa he won the state of Iowa exactly
right now you know the country is [ __ ]
up if white people in Iowa saying
[ __ ] [ __ ] can't get no worse let's
give James Brown jr. try see what
happened I went to Iowa I saw one black
dude he was an airport he looked at me
like I was crazy I got the plane
I was like a normal black people with
you he's a poquito keto I got all [ __ ]
get my ass back on this plane Southwest
you can get back on
I live in Chicago which is right now the
murder capital of the world high-five
I've been doing it yes we had 500 last
year climbing to the top this year we're
doing it two years in a row I feel it
this is it it's crazy we are you guys
know this probably is cold as [ __ ] all
the time
in Chicago we murder each other in the
wintertime too though
which is weird cuz the winter is so
jovial and festive right like how do you
look hard with snow boots in the
sniffles just like a dog you got a
problem now we got to kill this fool
let's ride out it's the most wonderful
time of me I'm originally from
Birmingham Alabama yeah that's right I
escaped get out for those of you who
don't know why they're clapping right
now what Birmingham Alabama is if you've
read any of the really sad parts of US
history books
that's Birmingham we uh it's in the
Bible Belt right and we have a new thing
right now we have a lot of Christian
youth pastors anybody here grow up like
super Christian II all right
the rescue a bunch of goddamn heathens
got it like our youth pastors try to
identify with the kids right so you'll
do cool [ __ ] like have chinstrap beards
and giant t-shirts bedazzle crosses and
skulls on them now say stuff to identify
with the youth - now like a man
understand sin I can't what seems about
I want [ __ ] to go my Ford Focus so
I get sinned we have a lot of Christian
rap groups - if you guys know anything
about Christianity anything about rap
music is that the two don't belong
together at all there's one group I saw
that was way more on the rap side of
things right they came on stage like
alright we better turn up for Jesus what
time go turn up for Jesus
yo who's ready to get crunk for Christ
buddy get crunk for Christ yo yo
I'm turning water into wine because I
stay on that lead I'll pull a 187
but John 3:16 yeah well dust your ass
for God
I bust your ass for God I'll kill your
ass for God cuz we that trill Mass for
God it's like what
you're completely misinterpreted awarded
the good Lord my friend not what he's
about there's still a lot of racism in
Alabama too because didn't assume
already here's the crazy thing about
racism Alabama though right I tried my
hand at online dating like interracial
online dating which is a bad combination
down there as well and I messaged the
girl named Katie lady of four I was like
hey what's your favorite football team
Alabama or Auburn her response was this
verbatim she goes
whichever one hates [ __ ] more so
apparently I signed up for
Oh KKK Cupid have any you have any
couples here tonight couples make some
noise that's good actually hey couples
think though the worst the ones that
really hate are women who are recently
engaged because they are so bubbly and
happy okay save the date
see the day here's a magnet save the day
so here's what I like to do anytime I
see a woman with a nice diamond
engagement ring on her finger
I'll walk up to her and know best
African accent I go you're welcome
now oftentimes they're confused by this
like what do you mean you're welcome
then I go my cousin Ubuntu died
getting that ring - welcome thank you
guys I've been martin morrow
I remember I was getting hit on a lot
and I was single at it I like I was the
hit on by mostly homeless woman it was
fun
there's one time to happen at a grocery
store I was at rouse and I was in the
hovering the aisle - of cereal and [ __ ]
and I smell something weird now turn
around
that wasn't homeless Lee - hold the box
out the plat and she looked like she was
on a verge of tears where and she just
like I was like you okay
I just hungry that's really hungry
sounds like you want me to help you buy
up a pot that'd be that'd be very nice
thank you so much
my name's Anna my name is Jemaine as me
right and like I know like she she
looked kind of good like she did like
she likes you might have been like one
week homeless like maybe like a doublet
like just got home I didn't hit her yet
you want to rent so we I'm like it's my
work so we are we give it a sec out out
and she starts for me a little bit just
like Jimmy thanks for finding apple pie
I was wondering Chuck is something
healthy you're like a salad or something
I was like oh my god do that [ __ ] and
I'm going to get the apple pie and you
treat yourself
alright homeless so she gave me a hug as
a wee bottle food I bought a Food
Channel money we get outside and then it
start again
well Diana I feel so don't be around I
gotta go
and I'm about to leave and then this is
where Anna stars like hitting on me she
go so Jermaine I was like what's going
on so where do you live and I was like
I'm saying will I do that find out
as the anal about two blocks that way
show that great hello [ __ ] and I'm kind
of excited but a Pam my players got four
different homes man walks up to Anna and
give her a kiss on the lips
yeah I was like [ __ ] bat Anna that's
my boyfriend you a so you had a
boyfriend and now I'm jealous of his
home of dude right now sir
I don't care if you got a boyfriend but
tell me that [ __ ] first like let me know
and my name's Anna I'm homeless I'm
involved but let me know what the [ __ ]
to see guys that I ain't got a house in
Florida sure I was so mad I was told
that I was so pissed I walked away like
man I hope it rains also hey guys I work
here at the Laugh Factory and you know I
hand-picked that at a clip you just saw
it's one of my favorites I chose it with
Karen love so if you loved it to go
ahead and hit the like button and the
subscribe button because if you do so
that would make me a happy boy
any doctors here tonight many doctors
yeah what kind of doctor are you sir
you're a surgeon Wow serious that is
serious what what do you would you Serge
I don't know I do I do want to know
apparently can't ask questions here
tonight that's great so are you working
should I start there that's not a good I
should use the exact same question would
we have seed you in anything okay we
would have seen you in someone naturally
that is possible it is surgery not that
way or it be sexual harassment but you
know what I mean the person is asleep or
you Bill Cosby that wasn't the question
how we're going with that all right all
right now it's pretty good Bill Cosby
joke gotta laugh this is good you guys
are gonna proud all right Hitler Bill
Cosby can do no wrong up here tonight
okay
guys are loose I like him okay so what
what do you what would you a micro
surgeon so surgery on guys my height and
smaller like basically five foot six
there's a tinier because it's like
operation you have to really kind of be
guys really big like the dude back there
about two and a quarter
you need a macro surgeon really
I got it okay good I'll get there you
know the set picks up I'd like to start
though and I like to pick it up all
right
cool very cool um he operates on penises
microsurgeon so in this case especially
a micro circuit absolutely true that's
really yeah yeah that's that alright you
even make the operations sound I see
that I see that like that okay
I went to school to be a doctor I mean
obviously you know and I was I free man
I was pre-med for a couple years and now
in post med I just skipped the med part
really that's where the work is I will
come here often I will come there
because I want to see what a doctor does
see what we can see you're an actor we
could see your work we could watch
Parenthood and determine whether you're
a good actor right we could go oh yeah
you know pretty good but with you we
don't we never I don't know what a
doctor's job is I don't get the job I
don't get it because I go there I go to
a doctor's office and then the nurse
comes out and she does or he does
basically 90% of the job right it's a
lot of it take your temperature wait
vital signs make sure your life give you
the cheat sheet honestly take the nurse
has done a lot of work it's crazy
do we have any nurses here tonight no
Filipinos okay so no I blogged oh no
groans that's good we're past right it's
not bad to be a nurse but there it is
odd that there are nurses and their
registered nurses that's that's an odd
thing that they're the only profession
they're the only people who are
registered well sex offenders and them
basically it's really I don't know the
same registry I don't know
without be honnest but then you come in
the doctor comes then but I've never had
more than a two-minute appointment lots
of things in my life of that way but
more than that 2 minute appointment with
a doctor and doctors keep leaving the
ever had a doctor sit down right they
keep leaving the room at least once if
not twice doctor leaves that little room
I don't know where where are you going
bathroom you can't hold it I guess so I
just don't understand that that's I
don't I don't know if you're looking up
stuff on WebMD or you I think you are I
think don't know the answer really I
can't do that here I take a wait a
second if it run out you know that's the
joke I have to come up with it now I
can't it's odd and then you headline you
do surgery that's your headline that's
your big gig and then you knock us out
for that we can't even see you Serge we
cannot see you do surgery that's going
to be I'm telling you that's gonna be in
chap chap chap chap I get snapshot
whatever it - old I can't even figure it
out can't even say it link up but that's
we don't even see you do that you don't
even knock us out an anesthesiologist
does that work you don't even do that
and then we come to and then we need
medicine and a pharmacist gives us the
pills what do you do you let your event
planners really your general contractors
that's the job I don't know what the guy
should have been a doctor I don't get it
I do that gun job it's an odd job
having fun you look like you having a
good time right here yeah you smile I
can see your bicuspids my wisdom teeth
yeah you love wisdom tooth pool I got a
new dentist man cause I got Obamacare
and that's [ __ ] hazard insurance
they gave you this give you any type of
dinners when you got Obamacare I went to
my new dentist office his teeth is
messed up can you believe that [ __ ] I
had I hear my dinners needed it is what
happens toughest is he smiling in my
face to miss hey are you doing day what
can I do for you you can go get my copay
back cuz I'm buddy here do a
consultation or your mouth first
sir could you close your leg your balls
are [ __ ] me Oh baby
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hey I don't want to see you posture
close your legs man I look down I just
beep all your weight put your balls of
money you know what you don't want to
see that you proud of his balls you got
Botox on your balls it's not what you do
you take a look at these right here
how long you been married sir how long
oh you're not smart man women get bored
easily don't they get bored easily she
keyboard so you better do something to
spice their relationship my lady boy to
me this hot boiled my woman here she was
giving me oral sex the other night she
yondu my penis can you believe that you
know how bored you gotta be to yawn why
you giving him
she got attitude I'll bring it here
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Applause]
settle in on your bars what is there
[Music]
keep it up a Freddy lock card everybody
Freddy now he said like different breeds
of dogs would sound differently for a
long time when I was looking for dogs I
wanted to rot while I loved rot well
it's a little big dogs but I was thought
if I had a Rottweiler though here's what
you think when you're a pothead in a
comic you know this is the kind of [ __ ]
you think of I thought if a Rottweiler
could talk it would talk like samuel
l.jackson and then it would talk [ __ ] to
me all the time when I came home I put
some food in your book that's the same
[ __ ] you give me every [ __ ] day
they said [ __ ] I'd rather not thanks I'm
good I don't want to taste that [ __ ]
I've smelt it treating it too I don't
want to taste that you
they don't wanted a boxer dog I love
those dogs because boxer dogs have that
pretty fount that frown face that says
boo boo boo
you know what a boo boos you know I love
that and it's like I thought if they
could talk then they would talk like
Morgan Freeman and then they would like
narrate the walk the whole time you took
him on a walk mm-hmm yes wanna walk
today 72 degrees outside beautiful day
for a walk didn't think I'd get to go on
a walk today I took a [ __ ] on the carpet
earlier something something man
master was mad as hell beat me what
tomorrow's newspaper if you can believe
that show then we got to the park always
did love the park site
he's so did Andy Dufresne there's this
cocker spaniel piece I ass have been
trying to [ __ ] for a long time of the
papyrus thing take it home to at human
style you know what I'm talking
[Applause]
how are you guys doing Monday night
people spring break right I think the
old guys like a spring break through
like 40 years ago bro what the [ __ ]
so yes bring break you teacher
oh [ __ ] you're a teacher oh it is spring
break all right you old [ __ ] shut up you
got me how I know you're a teacher no no
are you a teacher fruit I'll give it all
four Emmys about to retire any second
it's gonna be a retired teacher just
last year
can't wait till May well it's cool man
look at this we got all the happy couple
this book is on love is it huh
anniversary really how many six years Oh
married or I'll take how about all
together no eight oh damn bro that's
fast two years for Mexican [ __ ]
even though I people's like wow that was
that's extremely fast Ambrose as soon as
you put it in a [ __ ] love you
[ __ ] next days looking for rings and
[ __ ] right like he gets emotional when
you guys do it huh Hey look how puffy
she like a next cholo and [ __ ] but like
when you guys doing is like I'm gonna
give it to you then he gives you
[Music]
I don't like rules they got too many of
them there's signs everywhere I go I try
to make it from one place to another I'm
in the Prius I totally look like a guy
that wants to drive a Prius but I don't
it's a 0 to 75 2.3 minutes that's on top
of ice and I used to have a motorcycle
in a truck but when I got kids that [ __ ]
left so I'm in the Prius and and I see
this sign all the time in these
neighborhoods and says drive like your
kids live here we've seen that sign is
anyone seeing that drive like your kids
live here I don't like that sign because
check it out you don't know my kids you
don't know them you don't know what mood
I'm in after drop-off I might roll over
everybody if you want me to drive like I
might go through the whole fraternities
[ __ ] everyone drive like my kids live
here you're all [ __ ] dead that's what
we're doing [ __ ] bear get in we're
going to roll over everybody I don't
like that sign Oh what that sign should
say is drive like you just left the bar
and there's a cop behind you
but here's the thing every time I have a
female on my show and I post the flyer
Instagram out of the woodwork some
[ __ ] random creep tries to creep on
them through the comments like hey look
it up with Jay Hey hook it up with me
like what the [ __ ] gonna happen
what has that ever worked for anybody
have you ever met a guy with a hot chick
be like hey how'd you get her peeped on
her on Instagram she went for like I
think I'm a millennial male I don't know
it's [ __ ] 2018 so I don't know what
gender I am anymore but I think I'm a
millennial male I don't [ __ ]
understand malayalam in any more for
example when I was growing up the term
unsolicited dick pic didn't exist it
exists what is there anyone here that
dated like before cell phones a nice
anyone don't worry we won't make funny
where are is there anyone here there you
go okay did you ever meet a woman are
you is behind it but a woman's better
did you ever go to the mailbox in the
90s like walk out to your mailbox
check your mail go free CD for America
online that's cool better pay the power
bill and take it back even further take
it back to the Renaissance to the
Renaissance days I doubt there was like
Italian nobleman walking around going
please put in for me the Leonardo
DaVinci oh my god I have them at paint
my penis and we're gonna send that [ __ ]
to that woman over there [ __ ] finish
cause maybe I'm wrong is there any heart
in his story is here maybe maybe we're
all [ __ ] stupid maybe we don't know
maybe Michelangelo's David that statue
of the naked man with his junk out
standing like this
maybe that's the first-ever unsolicited
dick pic maybe dave was so [ __ ]
creepy who's like yeah yeah scope me get
the ABS real nice make sure that penis
is really small as to not intimidate or
scare off let's go unless we let's reel
this [ __ ] over to her house take that
[ __ ] to Venice she's gonna be [ __ ]
first-ever Guido was David
yeah let me tell you some men in the
crowd who do who might send dick pics
its 2018 you think it's the time for it
no look there are a certain percentage
of women who do actually enjoy receiving
dick pics and they are not shy it will
let you know they will ask you for that
will say send it to me and this goes
without saying this suppose without
saying good you probably shouldn't marry
that woman just say just just say like
it's like a girl who really loves to
give [ __ ] like I was like a little
too much you know it sounds cool on
paper but you think you're the only one
come on I mean you should want to please
your partner and be like you know was
you know reciprocating the love and you
making them feel good but you should
actually want your jaw spread apart
constantly doing a mechanical motion
over and over again hoping to god this
[ __ ] doesn't replicate some
sheets [ __ ] he saw in a porno thrust and
set off your gag reflex you should want
that
I'm just saying and I look I don't know
why you'd send a picture of the penis
okay I love my penis we have a great
working relationship we get along great
but it's a poor design okay it sports
it's hideous I saw my penis in direct
sunlight the other day I cried for three
minutes
it's a poor design it's a [ __ ] flush
tube with balls on her like God forgot
to put them inside of us I don't
understand I genuinely think that's what
happened by the way I think God was like
you God was I already made the cubits
some angel ran up and he was like God
was like what what do you mean I forgot
to put the testicles inside the human
manner what you're saying I did this
with all the male mammals
I mean me dammit here's what we're gonna
do we're gonna take those ball things we
can just slap them right on there just
let I'm Hank don't let them figure it
out alright I don't have time for this
[ __ ]
what angel was probably like I had God
if those things hit anything that's
really gonna hurt for the human males I
don't care all right I don't care you
know what maybe it's a good thing maybe
if they get a little too handsy a little
too aggressive with the females kind of
gives them a way out you know well let
me tell you this if your plan to get a
woman is by sending her a picture if
that's how you want to get her attention
don't send her a picture of your penis
send her a picture of fries women [ __ ]
you hear that women [ __ ] christ oh my
god have you seen women with fries come
to the table at a restaurant oh my god
surprise you just ordered them oh my god
fries women aren't women women are on a
diet you want to share some fries women
who only have us out now believe put
some fries with me I'm hungover I can't
even think I saw some fries women
[ __ ] love fries oh my god we'd be
like yeah that's fries think it's so
excited about fries curly fries oh my
god cries proper fries have you ever
seen them that excited to see your dick
No
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll tell you what else it took me by
surprise who would have thought that
Kramer was a racist I didn't see there
were no signs there were no hints of it
there was no like racist Seinfeld
episode that was like - down down down
down whoa hey Jerry Thank You Raymer
you know who just moved into the
building an n-word no Jerry I'm scared
they're putting up a barber shop in the
lobby okay if you're laughing or not
it's fun for me to do racist Seinfeld
it's the most fun I've had yeah we get
shot midweek bye-bye
I love living in LA man LA is the best
man every time I travel I miss LA I was
in New York recently I don't know if
anybody here from New York oh yeah I got
some New Yorkers man I love your city
New York's the greatest city but I would
never live there it's a little too
intense it's the opposite city from LA
mag it's like LA everybody's on drugs
and [ __ ] people so chill New York is the
opposite city like for me in LA you tell
people you do comedy
people are like tell me a joke in New
York you tell people you do comedy
people are like let me tell you a
[ __ ] joke you're gonna like this
[ __ ] joke yeah go ahead
you're why you get so intense makes no
sense to my buddy from New York he came
out to LA and we all got together we got
some food he ordered a bagel and then he
got angry
I'm not kidding he ordered a bagel he
was like hold on hold on everybody get
up this [ __ ] guy these [ __ ] guy
thinks and I'm stupid you think this is
a [ __ ] bagel
he just got super Italian he was the
weirdest Pakistani I ever saw
except I matter with you man I gotta go
but I'll say this before I go I'm gonna
leash turn and it's tough to be Middle
Eastern for what is it like another two
years or some [ __ ]
we got a deal with problems most white
people never even think about like I'll
give you an example our immigrant
parents sometimes they mix up words
changes the entire meaning if you're
Middle Eastern you need to know the
difference between the words plan and
plot those are two separate words the
other day I was talking to my dad I was
like dad are we still on for brunch he
was like let's plot for Sunday Oh [ __ ]
you can't say that [ __ ] people that
you're gonna blow up the restaurant he
told his travel agent that he always
wanted to see New York City
he's have you been plotting for years
thank you guys so much my name is
America very I'm gonna
[Applause]
[Music]
hi my name is Renier Pollard I'm four
days into a stomach virus
and I'm about to do comics roasting
comments try to say that ten times that
well let's see we have here I'm an
interesting case because I go through my
comments all the damn time even though
my friends tell me I'm crazy for that
[ __ ] you gay
maybe you observe it chief raka bleeps I
have a feeling people are laughing and
clapping because he's gay and not
because they think he's funny and in
parentheses he wrote think about it now
I think that that's ironic to put in
parentheses because I don't think you
think about a lot of [ __ ] in your life I
think you run around leaving ignorant
comments in people's youtubes and then
get probably pretty modern people that's
for you to do better but guess what I'm
gonna do did you laugh with it cuz I'll
get a setup no I don't like the guy
guitar new this was so dumb gay material
question mark so [ __ ] original
laughing my awesome I think you're kind
of indecisive or I'm reading this wrong
I'm not gonna attack you because you
might be a fan that just doesn't
understand how to punctuate well I
couldn't stop staring at his forehead
sweat see funny though I don't know why
people are so turned off by sweat and I
just want people out there that's sweat
to know that you need to sweat proudly
okay don't let these haters bring you
down because some water wants to drip
from your forehead to cool your ass down
you see all this high-energy [ __ ] this
this needs something to bring me back to
a coolness I'm sitting with a stomach
virus I want to [ __ ] myself I may have
already started what there's life that
people got it whip their neck and you go
on to make me paranoid about having some
sweat on my forehead you better need if
you get a [ __ ] life that's your damn
problem wait a minute
instead he's going to know I'm sorry for
having an attitude that wasn't necessary
but it did make me sweat want to give
you half response I hope we can still be
friends
so Andrew Chou Road where did you get
your haircut Petco now Andrew I don't
like to make fun of people's looks
because I'm not the cutest person and
let me tell you as a gay man has very
low standards
you should start following my advice on
that because you're living in a glass
house and I'm about to throw some stones
at it because I can change this haircut
and you have a face only your mother
loves oh that's so typical let me just
call you ugly you're ugly you're [ __ ]
ugly what the [ __ ]
thanks for the get out spoiler you dicks
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you get out
is like the best movie of this year and
you haven't seen it yet that's your own
fucked-up problem stop blaming the world
for your problems again Alex piano
Taurus Rosado paused it before he could
ruin get out for me dislike and
unsubscribed that's some petty [ __ ] I
cannot believe where you live where
y'all living that get out has not been
in theaters for like literally six
months every single your mother son your
mother saw get out your mom is at dinner
sundays with you like match you can't
tell you parts of this movie because
your lazy ass is doing what you don't
look like you're up to [ __ ] let me look
on your profile you ain't up to some
abortion you end up some big life of
Alex Yongle daughter Sonam Sal get you a
family be in it seek it out Andrey
subscribe to the last acted [ __ ] is
wrong with you am i sweating again is it
happening ha other people whatever is
common try to ruin more [ __ ] of the
movie that's what you did this has been
Renier Paulo for comics roasting comment
find me on Instagram so you can free me
half naked and catch up with me on the
daily my Instagram handle is a tree near
Pollard you probably are not a spell
that so I'm going to make sure they put
it right here
don't cover the cleavage give the people
if you want put it right below boobies
okay you're welcome
where my couples add any couples here
[ __ ] you
I made couples let me tell you TV has
soured me on every couple in the world I
have OCD or a DD I don't know which DD
but it's a DD I got a DD you know
Dadd I got daddy issues too but that's a
whole nother story you don't want to
hear about me and my father okay so
here's the deal I am addicted to that
show strange addictions have y'all seen
that okay so strange addictions it's
like when somebody has a strange
addiction like they had this lady on
there and she used to eat the the wall
she would just see what that's itzá eat
the wall sir right she would just eat
the wall right they had another lady she
would eat her dead husband's ashes they
had another lady on there she would
spray air freshener into her mouth
sometimes she was sprayed in a cup over
ice cuz she's classy
fresh fresh linen I must add it was the
fresh linen brand then they had another
person on there and they used to eat the
soil like just just walking on the
street and just eat the soil and she
loved the white rocks or whatever like
that this is why I hate couples because
all of those people were married here I
am a semi unprofessional stand-up comic
can't find a date can't buy a date or
whatever like that
are you single sir are you gay oh well
then but this is all that I want to tell
you three to three 704 oh I'll give you
the rest later I don't want to make
people jealous or anything like that
yeah yeah no I am a negative person and
I'm from New York so I mean it goes with
my character it just goes with it but I
saw this I saw this commercial and it
was so inspiring and I was like oh my
god I said if this would just melt my
little cold heart right there was a guy
and he was in a wheelchair he was a
quadriplegic I know oh right thank you
for the sound effects I like that right
here got into some accident or whatever
like that he had a wife and three kids
but at the end you know how like they're
playing the same music that they play
for the starving African children right
so they were playing that music so I was
like oh my god Africa I need to like get
my five dollars but I don't because I
don't have any checks but that's a whole
nother story y'all don't need to know
that part okay Here I am with this story
so the guy he said at the end he said I
just learned how to live again wasn't
that wonderful
and so I said to myself I said Torrence
I said you know if that would have
happened in you if you ever became you
know in a wheelchair would you be like
that positive I can tell you're without
a shadow of a doubt no
if I ever become quadriplegic paraplegic
or just plain plea Jake pull the plug on
my black ass I have absolutely nothing
against people in wheelchairs I have the
higher respect but I know me I don't
have a catchy catchphrase I'm a whiner
I'm gonna be the person that's sitting
up there saying why this have to happen
to me Lord why just have to happen to me
lord I could point to 20 other people
that this should have happened to Lord
well I can't point can I Lord I think we
all know I'm going to heaven adjacent
like with that one right there I've made
my peace with it
[Music]
where's everybody's name no nobody said
your name [ __ ] you that's rude hey I'm
Chris go ahead what what up the [ __ ] man
why did you sing what up with a [ __ ]
like it's greetings the musical or some
[ __ ] wha oh I didn't know I could make
that noise Moodle
I guarantee everybody driving home is
gonna be like gasps good show but what
was it that warm [ __ ] Moodle but
you didn't think this [ __ ] was gonna get
this weird sir what's your name Jeremy J
bro you're whiter than Matt I don't know
what the [ __ ] little man what's your
name well my name is Jeremy dude let's
call me J bruh oh oh
my name is Jeremy man what's up did I
surfed here I just do a little bit of
everything bro you know I [ __ ] what
like what what are a few things you do
dirtbike snowboard that's the same thing
[ __ ] a little bit everything you know
dirt bikes faster bikes loader bikes
[ __ ] just chilling out on some dirt
bikes watch TV out there
by 4/3 pi channel I make dirtbikes a
little bit everything I eat dirt bikes I
sleep on 3rd bikes
would expect my name's Jay Brodie what
else you do besides [ __ ] something
that I would guess that you do you know
I mean are you dirt bikes mom
no [ __ ] have that voice you can't do
anything else but [ __ ] do dirt bikes
with that voice there can't be a bank
teller and be like hey what's up bro
you'll make a deposit you resident
doctor coming up to you like that guess
what he's like oh not gonna make it why
I try to think I could but you can't fix
a dude with a dirt bike I [ __ ] was
just riding on him in shape man [ __ ] it
man is your name tag st. J bro yeah Oh
what are your [ __ ] I want you to have
a sitcom what did you say I should no
you shouldn't
I'm making a joke yeah [ __ ] that you're
right do you [ __ ] Hollywood man I have a
sick what would you call it it's not
that hard to figure out you would be
called wool oh why are you thinking like
this is like I'm gonna say anything else
he's a dirt bike by day's a [ __ ]
assassin by night on after two and a
Half Men would all and he would be on
the cover of the [ __ ] poster like
this how many [ __ ] comedy shows you
see where the [ __ ] one dude is like
this how do I get myself in this
situation
zoinks what up after two and a Half Men
you
this is my actual size I'm not just
really far away it's never stopped me
from dating tall girls tallest girl I
ever dated was six foot one and a half
inches tall I know I wanted to have kids
with her so I could have normal-sized
children instead my wife as my height
it's like we're breeding down making
Shetland people teacup humans up here's
why I didn't work out with me in the
tall girl because we couldn't do
everything together for example we could
only six ^ 9 did you not understand the
joke and there's only one winner at a
time does that help
I'd have to be on her and taking care of
business nom nom nom nom nom and then
scurry down for my reward
no no nom nom nom like a koala looking
for better leaves on the eucalyptus and
that's the noise I make during oral no
nom nom no no no it's the polite thing
to do you gotta let the chef know the
dish was wonderful
I wanted to take this opportunity to let
everybody in this room know that I'm
running for president of the United
States and trying to and I feel that the
microphone was sabotage by somebody know
who want me to be the president because
I would be the first Italian president
running the country let me tell you what
I would do first of all we need a guy
like me understand nice Italian
president I'm gonna change the model for
make America great again to make America
Italian again and if you want to loop
here no problem you all got to say the
same thing if you stay here you don't
know nothing you didn't see not you
don't say no understand we start
changing things right away we go to the
airport and get rid of that sign you
know that side if you see something say
something no you keep your [ __ ] mouth
up
[Applause]
I'm not even gonna need four years three
months will straighten out the entire
country understand I'm gonna relocate
the White House from Washington to New
Jersey this way nobody knows where we
are
you understand I'm never gonna tweet
that [ __ ] stops I'm Italian I don't want
anybody know what I'm thinking you
understand and you don't follow me I
follow you imagine a guy like me giving
speeches on national television people
in the press asking me questions right
like mr. president you took care of the
problem in North Korea had to do it I'll
be standing in with my cabinet you know
my cabinet right thank Anthony Nicky
Joey Tony salad
a couple of guys in track suits I have
my mother there with a bowl of macaroni
meatballs hey like you want to know what
happened in North Korea when we went to
go talk to the guy about the thing well
here's what happened
we went out there to talk to him you
know sat him down this should not pop up
what we were talking you know recording
my cows on we're not stupid are you
gonna go out and be handy what do you
think we are we would talk a tool and
then our I don't know what happened but
he's gone now and there's nothing you
can do about that
mom people
how much fun would it be if you knew the
president was actually wagging people
like mr. president what happened with
Isis oh oh you want to know what
happened when we went to go talk to that
guy about the thing well here's what
happened I called IC shop which is ice
we got to talk so we flew him out to
babysit his friends you know we went
dancing in this net and then uh I don't
know what happened but they're gone now
and there's nothing to know about it I
always wanted to be on television during
the debates I wanted to be part of the
debate guys remember Nick did that they
were making fun of each other on
national television I say you don't do
that it's very disrespectful it shows
weakness in foreign countries imagine
I'm making fun of a guy like me on
national television then the master of
ceremonies looks at me he says mr.
Marino Trump and Clinton just made fun
of you would you like to rebuttal like
yes I would go to a commercial break
[Applause]
we come back from break you can't find
Trump or Clinton anywhere like mr.
Marino what's going on I'd be like um I
don't know what happened but they're
gone now and there's nothing you can do
about that
[Applause]
[Music]
i I like buffets you guys like buffet I
just recently lost 40 pounds yeah yeah
it's hard for a Farley
good news is I saw my dick for the first
time hey bad news is only this big but I
got fat on buffets you know buffets I
started eating buffets and it was
because when I grew up my dad used to
like take buffets really serious it was
kind of like a like a football game for
him you know he'd get us we had a big
family big Irish family and he gather us
in the lobby you know if you like get in
here here's how we're working this [ __ ]
he's like I'm not [ __ ] around this is
3995
it's like bread and water that's a waste
of time I don't want to see anybody
eating bread and water's only be used if
you're choking like all this green [ __ ]
over here the beets and the celery in
the carrots that's not why we're here
let's focus sugars fats and beef you
want the turkey you want the ham you
want the roast beef you don't get e
start bawling your eyes out no carving
up for you most important thing is
desserts you fill your plate with
everything single dessert they have if
somebody gives you [ __ ] you say it's for
the table yeah at the end of it all I'm
gonna fake a heart attack grab the chef
by the throat you guys fill your pockets
of food meet me in the lobby ready
who does luck right
you
I'm just a guy I'm trying to have a good
life but I make all the wrong decisions
and I'm old you get old and that's what
happens you don't know what's gonna
happen to you yet you're 26 years old
[ __ ] you lucky bastard you remember
right man you don't know you don't know
what's gonna this is the best you're
gonna look in your entire life
he doesn't know look at my physique one
day this will all be you
we're gross aren't we men we're just
gross oh we just get grosser the older
we get you lose this hair you get new
hair right above your ass what the [ __ ]
kind of trade-off is that when am I
going to use this hair lesson in the
Arctic bending over to pick something up
oh good thing I got this hair above my
ass I could have frozen to death now I
see God's masterful plan get old your
life changes buddy women hang on to
their looks cuz women are beautiful look
at you you're way better looking than us
everything in the world is designed to
make you even better-looking we can't
compete do not try to compete with your
girlfriend she's better-looking than you
she wears the makeup come on never see a
woman without her makeup for the first
time you just think who the [ __ ] is that
guy
you see even the women have to give me
that one cuz you've all seen one of your
friends and thought Jaynes looking a lot
like Dave lately this is ridiculous
I'm from like the 80s and Shelbourne 88
so 90s baby kind of [ __ ] learn [ __ ] that
means
um yeah yeah and I remember uh back in
the day I used to watch like cartoons
[ __ ] like scooby Doo and whatnot right I
was like one of my favorite shows and
you know they always had a guest star on
every episode and I was like man why
didn't I have one of my role models on
the show like I'm waiting for the
episode where uh Denzel plays Shaggy's I
I rocket me on this okay so I feel like
every episode my man would just be
sitting around just like okay all right
yeah yeah my [ __ ] all right yeah Scooby
dooby doo where are you [ __ ]
ha okay all right yeah my legs by me and
you know you know denzel's too smooth
not to get no [ __ ] on scooby-doo so who
are you gonna be hollering out like
hollering that every episo-- I let y'all
figure this out I would wait ho - hold
on who the [ __ ] said bellman oh not the
[ __ ] with the glasses Thank You Daphne
my white boys in the front no they like
hey you got the gang right here Fred and
funky Jackie Velma nah man but every
episode he'd be trying to holler at
Daphne that's true every episode would
go just like this he'd be like yeah yeah
okay right yeah yeah ghosts and [ __ ]
okay all right okay
hey you yeah yeah yeah you you okay yeah
come here come here darlin come here all
right all right uh Daphne I I've been
looking at you even looking at me yeah
you have oh you haven't oh you calling
your wife okay hey hey she's calling me
a liar okay all right
okay all right hombre were you know what
I just want you a question though I mean
I would you accompany me to the back of
the Mystery Machine doc oh I mean I mean
what seems to be the problem
[Music]
okay okay all right my [ __ ] let's go
and and who would who would play Scooby
on the show I think it would be Katt
Williams
I just think every episode he would just
be like I'm [ __ ] we pin searches the
[ __ ] ghosts and [ __ ] in this
[ __ ] [ __ ] we've been looking under
beds and in closets for week [ __ ] and
we we ain't found this [ __ ]
we ain't found in there [ __ ] I'm saying
him I'm saying I'm ready
hold on wait wait a goddamn minute this
is some [ __ ] shaggy did you bring
[ __ ] Scooby Snacks to breakfast
Oh
and the instru start the night of my
cousin's wedding it's a big night for me
you know as my first wedding with this
part of my family to invite us seat
right up front and my wife is not ready
at 7:00 right and fellas there's a thing
with us when we're ready and they're not
we do a thing you know can you hurry
because they're gonna be on their
honeymoon by the time you finish they
walk around half naked asking you have
you seen the white room I don't how
would I know where she is
she's putting on this dis dress and I
know sounds wrong cuz I'm hearing sound
that I you know
[Music]
ah you know I push open the door and the
dress is stuff no it's not funny this
[ __ ] is stuck and women are reading it
she women don't give what she's [ __ ]
doing a dance you know [ __ ] come on you
[ __ ] you're gonna get on there she's
broke the dress is fighting her back you
know I'm not being mean I'm being honest
I'm a husband I said they was seven
fifteen we needed to leave along please
just put something on the fifth
Oh Oh you
you think it doesn't is that [ __ ] me
oh you you know why because you stupid
that's why
believe me if things and she took the
dress like this he threw that she on the
floor she went in her closet she put
something on I've never seen it model
it's not funny no when you not see women
today are wearing something when they
need a back-up plan
women have this [ __ ] I've never heard of
it it's a suit it's the whole suit that
goes underneath the clothes you know any
talk this [ __ ] has legs and arms and is
soaked in tight she came up what is it
but I hate women they're like Frank
don't you know all of fame is that what
she want when she came out of this [ __ ]
is so low she came and she was making a
sound
I saw you okay what sound is that
she didn't even acknowledge this how you
know we married along she didn't even
acknowledge me she walked right past me
and she picked up the dress that didn't
fit
just minutes ago guess what it's like a
[ __ ] magic trick okay
[ __ ] did she put on the dress
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
you know I hate ever since I walked away
from that show is that people keep
trying to give me advice cuz I guess I'm
in like depressed so she'd be the
president people be like trying to cheer
you up and then I didn't show business
that's make me so mad about it so they
be saying stupid hey Dave look I know
that was rough experience and I can only
imagine what you've been through but you
know you just kind of hang in there and
you got to do is just kind of keep your
cello just keep your chin up day's work
that's how I was doing rolls my chin was
too low keep your chin up this seen
these walk around show business
I know
so there's a girl I knew sent me a book
called the secret she was like listen
David this is gonna help these it's
called the secret you know I thought you
know and I started reading a book and I
really like five pages shouldn't and do
it in a tray I was [ __ ] I can't
believe they sell this [ __ ] do you know
where this [ __ ] there's a secret of
life is she said it was positive imagery
kind of visualize things you wanna have
happen in your life like [ __ ] that's
the secret of life to you then kill
yourself
[Applause]
it's kind of me more than that positive
imagery Africa and telling them starving
children that [ __ ] what's wrong with you
five days what you need to do is
visualize rose beets and some man's
tales afraid I'll please [ __ ] you're
killing me stop talking like that no no
no problem is you have a bad attitude
about starving to death
you in your marriage but you never
thought you doesn't do it you know it's
about compromise like I'm watching The
Bachelor right now
and watch The Bachelorette bachelor in
paradise let me tell you something my
factory
he shows pretty good hello bad Fred not
so good
that's just 25 [ __ ] going after one
girl you can go to any bar around here
watch that real life what the best they
haven't seen it it's going on right now
sorry
Monday's what is it's 25 of the hottest
chicks on the planet and they're [ __ ]
dumb and they're all going after a guy
who's even dumber next time you watch a
bachelor to come across play Trinity
anytime someone says the word like take
a drink and then 10 minute today
everyone's dead
nobody knows how to talk no one was in a
structure a sentence these girls selling
Indians like I never been like this
vulnerable and like scared like in love
it's like I want a groove tape it's like
I've run everyone I wanted was like at
least up in the group day and think I've
known my entire life but it's like I
only know it's like a big talk let's
talk about how 2016 sucked they were
writing that on their 800 phone so while
they waited for coffee normals a bad
year one of the Great Depression start
that was a bad year number you know when
people ate their pets mmmm yeah how's it
bad year 60 was good for me married
[Applause]
sorry ladies sorry ladies and a couple
guys in here sorry mark I know how
people get divorced I mean I'm only in
you know three months in how do you plan
a wedding go through with it like what's
worse than that there's nothing worse
than plan a wedding
maybe maybe moving but that's it I
wasn't asked questions I never thought
I'd be asked two minds in our life like
rest what do you think about this font
for the invitations when is the cake
tasting what is that we're going to take
pictures all day on the wedding that
guys love taking pictures
real natural shots too like we're gonna
have the bride
get behind the groom and put her arms
around you guys we kind of lean back
like you're in love I cannot wait to see
that can't believe I got to spend $4,000
in sometimes gonna do these shitty town
some like Michigan and Indiana there's
no cell phone reception there's two
radio stations and they're both country
look
god I hate countries but when I heard
someone from The Voice got shot I was
like please be Blake Sheldon now every
song sounds the same you turn the one
radio station keep my friends hands
round the Machine around my mouth
switch numbers next chemo screen panzram
I must give that lamb on the way around
how do you show some country music need
18 beer I think they have the CMAs that
a.m. they stay in CMT MCM AMX this one's
hosted by Dirk's dirkly Burks right with
a laptop Achievement Award Reba McEntire
it stinks sometimes gonna be splitting
the bars in the middle of nowhere you go
to these towns the only bar in town is a
country western line dancing party
have you seen this [ __ ] you walk in and
it's 80 [ __ ] and cowboy boots doing
the same exact dance looks like a
white-trash Bollywood movie and they
know what they're having a good time it
looks like they just try not to [ __ ] up
[Laughter]
sit down have a drink
[Applause]
why are you doing Tiger fee these songs
are so simple and stood anyone can write
a country song I'll write a country song
right now top of the dome hmm well that
was bad Road truck and drinking ice cold
beer and amazing all these blacks and
all these queers
[Applause]
I just want to 8cms
[Applause]
[Music]
I love my job man this is one of the
best jobs in the world you know one
thing people don't realize about this
job though there's no benefits funny
black guy has no insurance I have plenty
of insurance I'm gonna trip myself on
the way out
being back of an ambulance can't do this
hot colored guy go around the corner
play the siren me personally I think
healthcare should be free for all
Americans that's just my opinion
yeah but you guys didn't clap that means
you can't relate let me tell you some
miss messed up when you two broke to go
to the doctors you know you should be at
the doctor's but instead you would CBS
at two o'clock in the morning diagnose
yourself you'll be walking in like oh my
kidneys the best I better give me some
nyquil her nyquil is good for bad
kidneys sometimes but this tumor I got
10 you know tom says in the word tumors
Thank You six people who got that
I know I'm not the only one in here late
at night googling your symptoms I don't
know about anyone I've never been so
sick you get on the computer like what
in the hell is wrong am i pregnant can I
be pregnant I'm a grown man
you can always tell your friends don't
have insurance because they always give
you medical advice based on their
financial situation everybody in here
has at least one friend whenever you
don't feel well they have a cure for you
it's my boys obviously my friend is
black so look on your face that's how
black people communicate
[Laughter]
what's up dog all right what's going on
want you like oh man my back hurt I kind
of got the chills like hmm
you need some Hennessy Hennessy and pop
rocks will knock that right out pop
rocks what the hell are you go ahead and
be sick dog I'm just telling you a word
for me thank you doctor Pookie
[Laughter]
so I just got back from my Las Vegas oh
yeah
they say it's uh way they say they say
it's Disneyland for adults really one of
those places like this evil machine that
sucks your wallet dry and tears families
apart in the other places Las Vegas if
this is this is the happiest place on
earth than Vegas is the happiest place
on earth so uh everything's so late
they're like uh my first night there I
got back I got home at 4 p.m.
home convinced me to go to a strip club
anyone here been to a strip club before
3 [ __ ] honest people in the road
liars
yeah you know the strip clubs are going
like kinda like Disneyland if when you
went into Disneyland and you walked in
your whoo the rise and mire them in a
second you try to hop on one some giant
black dude but you know chokehold and
punch you in the dick and said you're
breaking the rules crack up if you've
never been its strip clubs are like
these magical places were damaged women
limp around panhandling for Souls and
men we go in droves because we're stupid
so uh my friend convinced me go go go do
this go no you don't have to pay for lap
dance you have doing anything anybody
just go there have fun time the girls
will like you so I go there and mmm
and this Russian girl sits in my lap oh
my go look I'm not gonna pay for a lap
dance you know you'll need to pay for
lap dance just buy me drink first of all
rush Wimmer [ __ ] scary
some message I go I'll buy your drink if
you let me roofie it and this is very
funny
you know Russia we don't have the right
we have a rape date and then my friend
goes he goes you know hey man he had met
some girl falls in love it he goes let's
go to the champagne room anyone here
been the champagne room mister club one
on his [ __ ] person and the whole
there's like a curtain ooh it's like The
Wizard of Oz you know you like in my
head the champagne room there's gonna be
like a fireplace and a bearskin rug and
Kenny G's got a flute in the background
playing and you walk in it is the same
thing but smaller it's just like sticky
park benches it's like a bus stop it is
because if you're if you're sitting on
one of those benches in your your 30s
you [ __ ] up your life and then you go
in and then you go in so you own these
apartment and they're like straight up
in debt they didn't have like
Barcalounger see there's just like you
have to sit like this like the Lincoln
Memorial like emancipate my dick please
so I'm sitting like this I'm waiting for
the love of my life come up in and
here's the thing at the park bench
opposite me my buddy sit sound right
there like into that man that oh oh dude
I me cuz one time my friend clumsy hey
dude I'm really drunk with a hot girl
why you come over and have a threesome
what two guys and girl is a threesome
that's gay sex with a witness
I'm not gonna make that mistake not
again goddamn it
and then my aunt my server comes in and
she's this Asian woman of indiscriminate
AIDS now Asian women any Asian woman
they're beautiful but they aged weird
either in their 20s or they look like
Yoda so she comes in and she starts like
you know doing thing and like Shepherd
boobies in my face and they're fake
first of all asian one with huge boobs
you're not fooling anyone
okay God gave you good hair that's it
okay I can see the barcode on your
nipple she's knocking them I feel like
Rocky it then rather than absolutely I'm
um yeah you know and my friends having
the time it's like here's now every
women like I said men think with their
tech man but I wish the [ __ ] here's a
problem my head I'm like total like
white trash
yeah man get loose get me a baby dude's
gonna be over but my penis is this
little [ __ ] British dude is like oh no
this is totally inappropriate
I'm gonna have myself a lie down okay
that sucks because everyone she's
checking and she's grabbing she's just
getting an air pocket
there's here's nothing I know it's was
gayer the fact that I couldn't get hard
in the champagne room or my friend is
staring to my eyes with a huge erection
oh my god it was absolutely terrible
I've out then there never never to go
back to a strip club so I'm back there
the next night right and
never been afraid I don't want to go to
prison man
that's just scares me no I can't go to
prison because I dropped the soap at
home in a regular shower too much you
ever drop the soap at home in the shower
sir
that's just like so slippery and wet to
pick up you be you be down in a real
vulnerable position for about three
seconds you know what I could do to you
in prison
in 3 seconds you get raped and wouldn't
even know it
you get like walk by rape you know you
come back around 4 seconds turn around
be doing the corner smoking a wet
cigarette it's crazy in here huh it's a
ghost raper raping everybody go to
prison man I wish I show scared-straight
you see the show scared straight these
little kids there should be rules to
this show I think they'd be like going
too far with these little kids you know
they should be like they should sound
like the parents shouldn't put them in
action we will rape you if you come in
here little boy we will pull down your
Batman underwear he's only eight man
I had a cousin that's in prison I'm like
talking him on the phone
every time I talk to me trying to act
like he's not in prison and trying to
make his day sound like my days he like
DC what you getting ready to do today I
was like I'm for the workout get
something to eat and watch TV he was
like me too he has a cell phone you
don't have cell phones in prison he has
a cell phone imprisonment let no lie I
was talking to him last Thanksgiving and
his car accidentally dropped he called
me right back do you know what he said I
can't stand t-mobile I'm thinking about
switching over to AT&T it was like he
just set himself up I was like I don't
know why you keep dropping calls in
there when you got plenty of bars
you shot the best service in the world
right now I'm a snitch - that's why I
can't go to prison
I snitched on two of my best friends in
elementary school it was easy to it
wasn't as hard as it sounded let me tell
you these two [ __ ] is going to do
they brought two fake bags of marijuana
to school right and they were talking
about we were supposed to sell it we
this was the plan we was gonna sell one
bag for $10 or we can sell two bags for
15 and I was down I was like okay I'm
down but I got a question what's gonna
happen to us one of the people that
smoked this we find out they didn't
smoke some dirt and some parsley it was
like that's not important and don't
worry about that somehow it gets back to
the principal she called me to the
office she sits me down and she's like
hey DC we have reason to believe that
you or somebody you know has some drug
paraphernalia on you and you're tending
to selling on campus grounds and for the
first about thirty seconds I tried to be
tough I was like I'm gonna be honest
with you miss Stevens I don't know
nothing about what you're talking about
and if I did I wouldn't tell you a damn
thing and she was like I figured you
would say something like that and she
opened up the door and two police walked
in and this is when I figured out that I
was a [ __ ]
the police then even have to ask me no
questions like I got to talking so fast
so the police it sound like I was at an
auction
let me show these two [ __ ] talking
about doing it well my son is marijuana
he's ever gonna sell one for the 10 to
450 now be a good idea I guess so these
[ __ ] out for no reason
I just go back to America I was back I
was in the UK I was back in England
visiting my family for the last 3-4
weeks and when I left we were laughing
at your politics look at those stupid
Americans can't be trusted with
democracy look at the mistake they're
about to make [ __ ] idiots so sorry
everyone sorry if any of you had a
pension or savings or anything sorry we
just broke the world god it was such a
disaster and here's how you know it was
disaster no one who was for it was
actually for it like none of the
politicians who were campaigning for
brexit really expected or wanted it to
happen it was just a power play and then
it happened like here's how you can tell
I don't know if you'd like but firstly
they all resigned straight up but if you
interview something like the day after
like look it up look on the news look on
YouTube just google it look at their
faces like Boris Johnson and Michael
Gove the leaders of brexit and see their
faces after they won the referendum
because they don't look like a
politician who just won an election they
look like a construction worker who saw
a woman shadows show us your titties and
she did
oh that wasn't meant to happen
this wasn't about results this was about
power I just wanted to feel big and make
someone else uncomfortable like this is
put them away cuz we were like everyone
in Britain was so smug about your
[ __ ] Trump and everything which is
storing it like this is still the
American elections right now this is
still the most ridiculous American
elections like ever and and by the way I
mean ever I'm knowing I'm like I'm not
talking our lifetime I mean I'm counting
like the ones in the 1800s where they're
like vote for me I fought a bear I have
the biggest hat I hear this man shook
hands with a [ __ ] cuz it's
astonishing because Trump has got this
far like almost to the top with nothing
like I've never known that in politics
took for someone to get that far be that
successful without a single policy
without a single idea it's amazing like
water your foreign policies the best
well what are you gonna do fix it make
it right win how are you gonna handle
Isis I can't tell you that would be
giving it away like that's his argument
I can tell her but it'll be good you
just trust me oh he's like the kid at
school who claims he knows karate
but won't show you any moves oh you get
close to me I'm warning you it's too
dangerous it's too dangerous I can't I
could kill you with a single chump I
swore I swore I wouldn't to my sensei
like nothing
I hate getting older I wish it was an
eight hundred-number you could call to
stop this [ __ ] I really do I want to
push seven and just get out of it
somehow you know you getting over you
and you get afraid of things you would
never afraid it before I used to love to
go to a music park and almost die and
now that I'm getting closer to death but
I want to go I recently went to six fat
I mean six five
is anybody moving to Six Flags anybody
here at Magic Mountain did you ever go
on the Batman ride that ride scared the
[ __ ] out of me
first of all they strap you in like
you're a [ __ ] mental patient your
legs hang over like your mini-me I got
so nervous I felt like my uterus came
out through my mouth
and not even have a uterus I think it
was the woman's behind me when I was
done with the ride I throw him a hot
pair of high heels and they were not my
I'm a [ __ ] it's awful to get older it
really is it just you know you know
what's really weird about getting old is
shopping I used to love to shop you know
and now I lost some weight recently and
I went to Abercrombie and Fitch is easy
to grow because anybody were gone oh my
god at the grow thing to have this guy
and he stands in front he doesn't have a
shirt he stands like this and their
pants are all ripped up I mean why do I
want to buy ripped up pants what are you
a [ __ ] idiot you know his pants are
all ripped up you know any stands like
this he's really hot and I thought he
was homeless so I put a dollar in his
pocket I just couldn't get my hand it
was like stuck and there was this little
rip here you can see just the tip of his
penis so I walked in this store and I
went to buy a new pair of jeans no rip
no tears no stains no blood
and they have all the genes in a case
like their jewelry and then this is the
salesgirl comes over you know she's got
a headset on she looks like you know I
don't know Lady Gaga on tour the music
is playing really loud so I could hardly
hear and then lights are going on and
off you know it's like being at a
concert honey can I help you
I said I'd like to get a pair of 34s you
know I'm a you know I lost some weight
recently she goes can we get a pair of
34s for the old guy so I stabbed her
it's awful to get old you do it call me
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos hilarious
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vegas
don't block your blessing uh yeah
would you say buddy rolling around in
her prison clothes need to wear pajamas
in prison you do independent prison yeah
how long do you go to prison for four
years Wow what'd you do what do you look
at her for can't rape a girl will be
happy you made you much money too fast I
don't understand
oh you don't want me to you don't want
to tell anybody give her with her I want
to play 20 questions
talk to you after the show this tell me
we're all friends
if your story here get some answer
selling drug no sure wants to know what
this bugger did jokes but I'm not gonna
tell them until we
find out the sex of
he is defeat Munna kimchi got three how
old are you 26 with three kids
[ __ ] your drink
there's too many commercials when you
watch football too many commercials you
watch you watch commercials there's
always athletes and in shape people
doing food commercials it's not true you
guys they don't eat that [ __ ] I was
watching TV there was a beat-up
family-pack commercial nine the most
attractive people you have ever seen
your life there wasn't one fat [ __ ] in
the entire commercial she saw these
models going new from itzá pizza it's
family pack get whatever you want on it
and share with the family what is that
the commercial should not be that the
commercial should be like me on a couch
going a new Pizza Pizza it's family pack
let's be honest
[Music]
[Applause]
if I eat the whole thing I might save a
couple pieces for when I wake up I'll
have something but it's like gonna need
one thing my III I've been feeling
better about myself as of March 1st I've
lost a little over 110 pounds here's the
fun part Laugh Factory I'm still [ __ ]
fat like what the [ __ ] do you have to do
normally when you lose a ninth grader
off your body you'd feel a scotch bit
better about yourself who's getting bad
man I was getting big had to worry about
diabeetus you gotta worry about
diabeetus that disease does not [ __ ]
around diabetes is like the mob if you
[ __ ] up they're gonna take your foot one
tote at a time
[Applause]
who's getting bad man I was over 400
pounds I was like I was like a couple of
sandwiches away from having my own show
on TLC I was one big Thanksgiving dinner
away from [ __ ] in bathtubs rest of
my life okay it was Code Red I know I I
found out I was the fat guy when I got
on a plane in March and I realized that
I was that fat [ __ ] that nobody wants to
sit next to on a flight here's what you
figured that out while you're lumbering
down the aisle trying to find your seat
you going gee the look of panic on
people's faces when they thought I was
gonna sit next on this so sweaty why is
he so
i sat in the middle seat I just look at
those pillows like guys I'm sorry I'm
gonna [ __ ] up this flight for both you
I'm hungover I got diarrhea I'm gonna be
up and down up and down trying to lose
some weight
that's why I watched a lot of workout
porn and work out porn basically it's
just two people [ __ ] it in on a bench
press okay that's all it is
i watch this one guy this guy picks up
this girl in midair and he starts like
repping her out in midair like everyone
Nanji holy [ __ ] I start thinking back to
some of the girls I brought home my life
[Applause]
like I always to even try to attempt
that it would be an event at the world
Strongest Man competition
van are here at the 2017 world Strongest
Man competition uh first day is Russ
Williamson Russ's first lip will be
Natalie
here's a fun fact about Natalie Natalie
had an entire pizza family packed for
dance competition so she is locked
stocked and ready to go Russ Mason first
lived let's do the sideline to talk to
Russ Russ how'd you do it
[Applause]
[Music]
all right thank you it's a school being
here in Hollywood I'm reaching for
George's this is very excited I normally
don't get laid because what I've learned
is that a being from the south as
awesome as long as you're still in the
south and one that has blue the accident
first of all honey boo boo did not do me
any help at all I don't care
what your language
I'm just watching the hole you got the
reading for no reason this but
I get it I'm cool like if you heard of
free taxi you do they go he must be
romantic now here my exam you're just
like oh he's probably stupid racist
and then bothers me mainly because my
mom is from England right she has a full
loan British accent and y'all understand
what sailor them like and she would have
just talked to me a little bit more
[Laughter]
[Music]
southern maxi I think he promised a GED
and doesn't like minorities and that's
not fair because it's only half true and
then feel good laughing never like that
which have school energy
[Music]
have you heard the new Lady Gaga single
anybody with our Kelly I like it I'm not
really a huge Lady Gaga fan but it's
catchy in the chorus she's like do what
you want with my day
- would you Wow I feel like do what you
want - my body is not something that you
say - are Kelly okay he pees on chicks
without them saying do what you want to
my body that's the standard package you
get with our Kelly oh thanks for
fact-checking
he likes the underage [ __ ] so he likes
to pee on that if you want to work that
next time into your thing to make it
more accurate more accurate yet less
funny but people will appreciate the
accuracy of your jokes people will come
out of your show and say it was not
particularly funny but very accurate I
fact-checked all the jokes and they
checked out - what you want - my body I
feel like uh that's something that you
say to it an accountant you meet in a
bar because maybe doggy style is as far
as he's willing to go you don't serve
that soft ball up - R&B singer our Kelly
who's had sex with millions and millions
of chicks oh you gonna let me do
whatever I want to your body and see I
might need a Richard Nixon mask and a
slip and slide
I stopped up I get crazy I imagine our
Kelly sings when things are about to get
crazy
I grew up in Chicago listening to Harry
Caray you guys ever hear Harry care this
guy was drunk by the 30s where he say
stuff like hi
here comes Samberg around third safely
in the second second what a shutout
Bruin for Milwaukee the end of seven the
Indians five the Packers two bears in
your hair
the game was incidental to the story was
you know I was on Rush Street last night
it closed the one by one across the
street at a taco at that greasy stone
that there's a triple play any way too
many handle pain your peppers get into
judge that's a fastball off Grace's head
both benches empty so I'm looking for
the path to bhisma he's on a stretcher I
think he's dead finally get a wholesome
kaopectate
rock driving a brown spaniel I don't
care how long your team's drought has
been you'll get no sympathy from a
Browns fan watching the Browns play
anybody on television is like watching
two people play Madden with one of the
controllers broken I don't know I don't
know my guys keep wandering out of
bounds all 11 of them are already
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ] game I [ __ ]
hate this though everybody else wanna
play this Raiders fan you Wilkinson I
wanted to go home and see my family for
the holidays and Christmas anymore
because of her Browns yeah the Browns
and my brother-in-law he's a regifter
yeah he likes to give you [ __ ] nobody
wants like Browns tickets in December
he's that guy you know I was thinking
he's doing me too solid calling me a
couple of weeks before I fly and like
dude they got a guy in early Christmas
present you know that Sunday before I
got his Browns bills tickets so much
what the [ __ ] do you I guess you having
sex with my sister and this is how you
repay new Browns bills sick
let me guess upper deck facing the lake
ended December cap yeah what a great way
to see who's gonna get the second pick
in the draft this is awesome
I told them for my tickets we're not
even gonna go to the game we're gonna
watch it in a nice warm bar
I tried donating this tickets to a local
charity the lady was like don't you
think these kids have been through
enough already
you sick bastard take them to a Browns
game get the [ __ ] out
to try to heal
[Music]
you
[Music]
I don't even know what's going on
anymore man it's just every slice of
March 2 women marching what the [ __ ]
were you doing and listen up for
whatever you're for trust me but I don't
know what the [ __ ] you perform you're
just marching and the other thing if you
want people to take you seriously okay
and they're gonna March that's great but
you've got [ __ ] vaginas on your head
do you know how stupid you look - normal
people
you got admitted machine on your head
and your March I know what happened is
we all thought Hillary was going to win
if you guys organized a celebration and
she didn't win and you know women are
like [ __ ] it let's have the party anyway
there's a woman dressed like a [ __ ]
handing out literature think about that
day put it the other way what if guys
got together okay and we've decided to
march over whatever the [ __ ] is unfair
to us there's a lot of [ __ ] that's
unfair nas okay
and we've organized and we start
marching but we got many dicks on our
head would you be like oh I want to hear
what this person has to say this seems
like a very rational person and what's
up guys marching around with a dick
flopping going why is it okay to in a
store agent wait you know it is just a
floppy dick going around
[Applause]
[Music]
[ __ ] deal with balls in his face okay
everybody listen up let's get together
man this is [ __ ] I mean come on why
is it okay for women to get one night
out of the week where they get in free
and drink free and we still rule will
[ __ ] balls everywhere you just in a
dick costume you lose credibility and
your name get out of Hollywood go
interact with real people and I mean
gonna go two o'clock in the valley meet
real people from LA they know what it's
like the [ __ ] struggle talking about
the people my community which I love by
the way we're all in it I love us but we
got to start staying in our [ __ ] Lane
okay because let's be honest we don't
have real skills I mean great we can
entertain and write [ __ ] but look we
can't get the car to A to B we just make
the ride fun but like when you add two
actresses trying to you can't give an
example of economic inequality by
comparing millionaires to millionaires
you understand that like you can't go
well male actors made three times more
than female actors and expect America's
gogol I know
so he got 20 million you only got 14
whatever the [ __ ] the man is what's the
work female models make 5 times more
than male models I don't everything meal
ports on to pay
[Applause]
[Music]
not against marriage at all I guess the
people that get married
everywhere we go silhouetting those two
people don't belong together but you
don't say anything could you really want
cake no way they go make it but that's
brother free frosting I can't risk it I
won't risk it there should be a
beautiful thing I see something even
married comes oh my god this let's draw
the Mason coupe Eagle action that's one
beautiful but for the most part
marriage is for ugly people just got to
hear me out
you guys them here you see those
Hollywood couples all the time right
they get divorce right if you like oh my
god why they get divorce they have
everything that's why they got divorced
the good-looking people they make
millions of dollars that everyone must
be like this so which it gets a little
crazy they fail because they have other
options well ugly people don't have
other options
there are those fish in the sea for ugly
people just that one ugly-ass Barracuda
that they man with that Jagannath to the
White Lotus we ought to be we're having
arguments good-looking people have them
all the time I dare you to say something
McNelly [ __ ] but other people
like whoa whoa whoa now let's just take
it easy
wheeze all we got
you find out things about yourself I'm
digging deep in myself you find these
things out I'm like [ __ ] you can't
believe I got found out all the races I
dug that out there I found out how they
caught me off guard cuz I wasn't
expecting to be racist right now I'm
headed to a show I got a layover in San
Francisco when I had a layover I like to
get a shoeshine right
don't judge me it makes me feel pretty
on the inside I got a suit set but it's
the thing when I get a shoeshine I
expect certain type of person to shine
my shoes that's not the racist part we
all expect certain people to do certain
jobs we just do it doesn't make your
racism I say NBA player you think black
dude let's say Wall Street you think
white dude if I say shoeshine we all
think old black magical Negro okay we
doing okay that make you ready think of
someone like Morgan Freeman or John
coffee or Rafiki from Lion King like me
up I put a paperboy hat he's a little
bit chilly I got my shiny shoes yeah you
are
sir you know and he says funny stuff
like get a big woman he's into swimming
shaped into something like you all what
you don't think of is a young attractive
white girl named Haley
I wasn't ready for that amount of
progress you understand what I'm saying
I wasn't ready for a white woman to
shine my shoes in plumbing I was like no
[ __ ] no Haley you'll get me killed
I wasn't ready for that much Margaret
yes I've seen little blackboard I've
never seen light with my shoe shine you
haven't either you've never seen it how
I asked us like a unit first they should
make a movie about you know we got all
the black movie first lady Jackie
Robinson her hidden figures we call
hidden crackers it would be a man right
and she's in the back of the locker room
and all the shoeshine guy for being me
to like come here snowflakes
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm broke people man - I got it I got
the [ __ ]
I got you guys get the credit cards
there's a lot of pressure with the
credit cards anybody under the credit
card pressure you're been really close
to your limit on your credit card you go
to like bonds you swipe your card with
80 bucks where the groceries then you
gotta wait them 15 anxious seconds well
that machine determines your fate in
front of a line full of nosy mother man
they should let you put up a curtain
like a voting booth you're on I mean I'm
paying cuz then the pressures on you
don't know whether to pray on the
machine real hard or think of some kind
of exit strategy just in case you know
when you get approved gonna be cool man
you're gonna act like you've been there
before but your neighborhood you're
gonna mean you're gonna prove you can't
be like were suckers
anybody here we get the client I won't
pick on your promise anybody here we get
the Conn I just like asking people they
do what'd you do when you got the client
dude what'd you do oh god another a
classic ripped out another credit card
people that take some stones man
seriously
sorry sir you carga decline try this one
in would you hey
have you guys ever seen the variation
that move when they ringing this dubbing
people like whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo
could you put like half on this card
like nine bucks on this card I was doing
a show recently i'ma get anybody here
get the client is leaves like I got I
got the client I go I go what you do
when you get the client you goes up I
wrote a check how do you even think that
fast seriously I'm sorry ma'am you're
carga decline may I borrow your pen then
please
I went to this reptile convention and
yeah it was like it was good to see
other people like me with mental
disorders and I and I bought is baby
tortoise three months old I named it
Sammy I don't know if it's a boy or a
girl
I have to wait 15 years to find out its
gender
I'm like wow it's like raising Bruce
Jenner
Sammy's cute by the way
like I post pictures of Sammy on
Instagram right and this lady comments
on the picture she goes don't you know
it's illegal to have a tortoise of that
size Mike really my cousin's illegal you
never comment on his pics and the guy
that I bought her from said he's gonna
live up to a hundred years old I got
excited I'm like finally I'm gonna have
something that outlives me so I started
writing a will for my grandkids and I
started calling like life insurance
places I'm devastated Sammy passed away
two weeks ago yeah I know Mike [ __ ] I
didn't keep the receipt that was a
reptile dysfunction
I don't even know how he dies like I
found him this Lane there it's either
dehydration or the cocaine so my girls
like you should bury him you know he's
starting to stink she's like no I'm not
gonna bury him I want to like set him
free into the ocean so that's what we
did we drove down to the beach and I
tossed Sammy into the ocean and she's
like stop there you don't tortoises
don't live in the ocean
dude desert animals don't like really so
I looked her in the face and I said I'm
from Jersey that's how we get rid of
bodies
[Applause]
[Laughter]
it's crazy it's ten o'clock on a
Wednesday night there's four empty Red
Bulls who are you guys what are you just
taking a break from meth before you get
back to it or whatever that's crazy
I've been looking at your jacket the
whole night so the Red Bulls put it all
into perspective can I try it on it's
like the coolest [ __ ] thing like
isn't this seem like the kind of jacket
you buy after like one too many Red
Bulls this is so dope dude like I would
straight up this is like if you walk if
you walk the [ __ ] leave should not be
not looking but going like this and then
I just turn around I rape everybody who
I this is crazy
did you have to get registered as a sex
offender when you bought this this is so
cool actually I like it I'm not [ __ ]
I'm not trying to talk [ __ ] I actually I
like it so much it's like from the
future the coolest what are you in a
band yeah you don't beat me up dude you
were away but look at this jacket while
you were look how I [ __ ] won the show
I won the whole contest show I beat Dane
I beat Kevin I beat everybody and they
gave me this [ __ ] jacket no while you
were away
I went to a 1-point 121 gigawatts I went
into the future
I came back from the future it's crazy
they got hoverboards I got this [ __ ]
jacket this is the coolest it's probably
expensive too it seems like it was it
seems like a what do you do what do you
do that you can afford such futuristic
technology Oh for real [ __ ] you should
make a reality show called the jacket it
is a good it would just be guys wearing
that jacket trying not to get raped in
West Hollywood even the jacket are you
gonna give me your card oh no you're not
oh yeah yeah I think I could be you
could cast me as like the what look at
he's given up I'm making deals y'all
this is like the would like I'm just
holding a business card like it's
important or whatever are you guys
connected to hit to the jacket it must
have been so crazy for you to be sitting
that close to a thing of power like that
this whole time you must have been you
felt the energy from it didn't you it's
crazy what's your name Jeff [ __ ] what
do you think dude yeah it was awesome
I'm very talented performer hi outshine
even the jacket if you can believe that
my dad 75 he's starting to do old man
[ __ ] went out and got a Buick Lucerne I
get it in 75 you worked hard you deserve
a Buick but then he did the most old man
thing ever he put hats in the back
window [ __ ] you didn't get older than
hats and a back - they weren't even cool
hats they're like a half's of states
he's visited like Arizona was this [ __ ]
like calm down Barry my parents have
been married for 54 years guys 54 years
high school sweethearts thank you
I myself celebrated 10 years in marriage
this month but we could not celebrate it
together this year because we got
divorced four years ago
I'll be honest with you I did not want
to get divorced but my wife's boyfriend
Todd was insisting you think he's a good
guy you took over the payments people
asking all time why'd you get divorced
number one reason you get divorced a
complicated situation but I can tell you
folks the beginning and the end of my
marriage was when we went on a couples
diet if you're on a couples diet right
now get off that [ __ ]
it is a no-win situation I'm a guy which
means I can lose nine pounds in four
days by just not thinking about butter
anymore meanwhile it took my ex-wife
about six months to lose about a pound
and a half now if I set him in a stall
because I'm losing weight faster than
her I tried to be a good husband I
started cheating on the couples diets I
was eating McDonald's like every other
day but I'm not an idiot so I would hide
the McDonald's bag at my neighbor's
garbage can and now he's getting
divorced
[Music]
I've been doing this a long time I don't
mean 20 minutes up here I mean 20 years
I've been on a few movies I was in Harry
Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban as
Tom the innkeeper do I ever get
recognized from that never
I was finalist in Last Comic Standing do
I get recognized for it never I appear
in one TV commercial
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
that's right much good on USA
[Applause]
but with everything going on here I'm
glad to be here I'm glad to be an
American because I go back to the old
country sometimes where my family's from
India I don't know why white people go
here for a vacation why'd you do this
explain this to me the national anthem
is played on a rape whistle why a
country where the most popular baby name
is stillborn why would you go to his
country I started smoking cigarettes in
New Delhi I took one puff I thought this
air is cleaner I don't know why he would
go and they just legalize [ __ ] like two
weeks ago it was a big news story and
then but the last time I went was in
February before legalization and I was
going for a wedding I couldn't even get
laid at this wedding without going to
jail and so I was bitching to a friend
of mine before I went and it was trying
to calm me down he said listen it'll be
fine you can get laid in an Indian jail
it'll be fine you go to them you go to
the showers you drop the soap on the
ground you bend over you get laid in an
Indian jail I went ha ha ha ha darling
they don't have soap in India yeah god I
worry
you know you'll worry about everything
that's why you know everybody lies about
a lot of things
it's like Trump everybody lies about who
voted for Trump because they don't want
to admit certain things they don't want
to admit how many gays voted for Trump
they don't want to admit how many
[ __ ] voted for Trump because he is
one we all know a straight man does not
go to the Iowa State Fair in French
cuffs we all know a lot of immigrants
voted for Trump a lot of immigrants want
to keep immigrants out of the country
because family reunification means your
mother-in-law is coming to live with you
we all know
some of these Indian women in public
aghast at Trump in private I will build
the wall myself to keep that [ __ ] at
the country
[Applause]
[Music]
the first gig I had outside of grad
school I worked as a counselor at a
middle school right I was like I like
led some groups the first group that I
led was called the bad girls group she's
heard of them and so is the six
seventh-grade girls who got sent to the
principal the most does it give you a
little taste what these ladies were like
when I walked in the first day the
leader of the pack stands up and is like
nah I'm not learning anything from day
Abraham Lincoln and that did okay here
but it crushed when she said it it
leveled the place it crushed twice of
course when she said it well my
supervisor heard the recording and her
saying it I walked through the next day
they're like we've been talking she got
you G nailed it and so the first session
of counseling I don't feel any of y'all
have been but you're watching comedy at
a weeknight so probably but the first
set she talked about confidentiality and
how important that what it said in the
room stays in the room very important
and I was telling that to those young
ladies didn't think that it wouldn't
really come up you know I told him hey
if I ever see you outside of the school
I'm not gonna say hi to he'll not being
rude I just like to want to breach
confidentiality right look again didn't
think it would come up that first week
the leader from the sick burn earlier
sees me I'm on a date with an adult
human woman and she makes a beeline for
me and she goes don't worry mr. John I
will tell me but about what we do
and my date rightfully goes how do you
know this child and I couldn't tell her
like how I really knew her so I did the
best I could I was like well I'm not
[ __ ] her and then we dated for two
years
[Music]
I was I was the skinniest kid growing up
they call me chopsticks Indiana bones
chicken legs that's the thing is like
people who are not body shy they don't
understand like when you grow up in
you're insecure about your body you know
like I was the skinniest kid like my
metabolism only if I farted I lost a
pound I sort of got over I was like you
could tie a string around me I'll just
fly away like I could I'm so skinny
cuz bullied and uh you know like guy
guys know when you play basketball and
then you know the girls come and watch
the girl you have a crush on comes to
watch right it's always like the buff
guy on your team starts taking off the
show our team of skins and you're like
why are we skins bro come on jenna is
here for all skinniest kid and my
favorite sports basketball but I sucked
at basketball
well I sucked at basketball dude my
friends call me defensive specialist
that's not a compliment
all right they're just trying to be nice
that means you suck go play defense pass
the ball back they don't want a double
dribble that's my whole role as a just
defensive specialist that they're just
trying to be nice that's like if your
friend goes on a date and when he comes
back you're like eh was she hot and he
goes she was nice
guys know what that is she wasn't that
attractive or whatever I say that my
wife could why do you say that there are
no ugly people in this world beauty is
in the eyes of beholder
I'm like really beauty's eyes beholder
what if there's only one person in the
whole world that thinks you're beautiful
and they die yeah that wouldn't make you
ugly according to your definition
do you want to rethink that beauty is a
so subjective man like money is makeup
for men especially in America you could
be a ugly guy rub cash all over your
body girls would be like he's so hot I
don't know what it is
looks so good in green ladies your life
and like if a poor guy keeps calling you
you're like he's stuck you stalking me
what do you know if a rich guy keeps
calling you you're telling your friend
he's so persistent
he's so misha's
I never wanted the iPhone but I was
bullied into getting the iPhone by like
their you know the iPhone Nazis and it
all you need to get the only thing you
need to get a smartphone I never wanted
this one I was perfectly happy before I
had a smartphone I miss having a dumb
phone there's the kind of boat I like a
firmware in you were a stand you know
the phone I miss every single day of my
life
the Nokia 3310 oh I was a [ __ ] phone
cut the iPhone with all of its apps and
it's maps and it's GPS [ __ ] the play 310
give a man all he needed
stopwatch calculator and snake [ __ ]
anything else
beautiful clone no pretension with it is
why I love the theme remember predictive
text messaging on the 3310 who tried to
type in a word there was more than four
letters long it would give up but yeah
you wanna Ponzi fancy prick language
like that you're on your own may not the
iPhone you tried to type in any word to
the iPhone it's got this most ridiculous
vocabulary like a n did you mean
androgynous so I mean and hang hey I
hate any other thing that's [ __ ] me up
recently about the iPhone se is the
sensitivity of the touch screen it's
ridiculous I was on the front of my mum
my wonderful beloved mother the other
day and I'm on the phone of my mother
and I needed to go to the toilet okay so
I did the right thing was an all the
time your mother but I'm going to have
to go now
I'd pressed hang up everyone see that I
pressed hang up is it uh yeah let's hang
off my dough I went to the toilet i
unzipped my client I started urinating
all of a sudden I heard my mom's voice
and look down I realized apparently I
hadn't pressed hang-up I'd switched the
[ __ ] to FaceTime oh my god I am now
live-streaming my mother a video of my
pissing [ __ ] but make sure you wash your
hands shut up looks just like your
father
[Applause]
[Music]
in Detroit where I'm originally from
which is beautiful this time of year by
the way if you could go go cuz the way
the sunlight hits the poverty it's just
why we've had medical marijuana for like
a while which is an awful idea cuz
unemployment's like [ __ ] super high
in Detroit and pops probably not the
best motivator for anyone to get a job
but you're her two potheads talk about
getting a job no and what what would
that even just we should get jobs what
what that's it that's the end of
conversation and I don't get high
anymore
I don't unless it's with an Indian
because they'll show you the future
getting a teepee figure it out go back
to Community College all of my friends
have their medical marijuana license
which is fine like it's alright but none
of them have a medical condition that
calls for it intervene so now they're
just like stoners with cards they're
just like I'm legal it's like you're
still a [ __ ] douche bag who doesn't
nothing all day right and it's fun if
you look like you smoked pies anybody
here smoked pot you guys get high
anybody what wait a minute
if you guys are here who's back at the
youth hostel charging our cell phones I
am it's part of your smoke pop there's
one type of a STONER I hate being around
that's a person when they do get high
they think it makes them smarter somehow
do you know what are these [ __ ]
and I realized there are certain things
I can't do with that friend while he's
stoned anymore like I can't watch movies
with him anymore here's what happened a
few weeks ago we were watching a movie
he's smoking a joint I'm completely
sober we're watching Return of the Jedi
I don't want to ruin the movie for you
guys but at one point in Return of the
Jedi a spaceship explodes and my buddy
leans over and he goes you know that
would never actually happen in real life
bro you'd never see a fireball in space
because fire needs oxygen to survive and
there's zero oxygen in space slash it
would never happen I was like you know
what you're right and while we're at it
I don't think those are really walks
either pretty sure those are just
dwarves dressed up as bears surprise you
can see that with your glaucoma thanks
Bill Nye thank you guys so much I
appreciate
got no kids which is pretty great
crushing the uncle game though I got to
dorable nieces nine year old twin girls
like when you do that but okay well
what is your name so I can know what
list to add your Facebook profile to
tonight what's that or to the uncle game
for sure yeah just you know timing is
everything you know so maybe wait for me
to you know comment on something that
lines up with that and then be and then
be like oh yeah you know uncle's a saint
baby but like huncles are cool you know
but you have to understand what it
sounded like from my perspective but I'm
like I've got two nine-year-old nieces
that I love and you're like yeah yeah
whoa [ __ ] yeah it's my favorite age you
know I'm saying like that's but they're
great and they have no filter which is a
cool place to be is that as a person
were you just hooking you're not
cognizant of feelings being at stake
when you say things they're just [ __ ]
they just say whatever they want there's
like here it is in [ __ ] here it comes
and they're shooting a lot of truth
darts to the heart and and it's tough I
was driving them to swimming practice
there's dead sound in the car one of
them just goes uncle Adam yeah what's
going down cuz I'm sorry you don't have
a wife yet mind your [ __ ] business
the hell I don't tell you how to color
okay stay in your lane sweetheart how
you make a tree purple as we get it say
[ __ ] they're amazing - they've got a
bunch of little shitty friends which I
hate I hate pretty much all the got only
seven eight nine year old spazzy
bastards that just falling around at the
park you know probably that boy girl
just flirty missed with Oh throw pine
cones at my knees his head and they're
like yeah and my sisters like it just
cuz they like him I'm gonna [ __ ]
tackle that kids the ground throw his
backpack in the ocean they got a friend
named Nathan he's always popping out of
bushes to scare me he's a bush popper
these are the worst type of kids where
he knows I'm coming right and it was
[ __ ] high and I can hear him giggling
inspect little fat kids he's just like
like just [ __ ] you know little fat
whispers and whimpers and then awesome I
walk by and he'll go like [ __ ] dude so
he's talking to me with this [ __ ]
skills I bet I can skip rocks better
than you oh my god bet you can Nathan
you don't do [ __ ] all day all right man
[ __ ] off
got plenty of time to hone your skipping
skills dude I got a friend named Gary
who's eight yo if you're Gary and you're
eight you better figure that [ __ ] out
real quick
why do you not work at a body shop
already Gary you're wasting time you
know what you're gonna do
let's get always smells like soup for
some reason isn't it sick dude
did you do a chowder check before you
leave the house it's your one job he's a
kind of broccoli cheddar I'm like
[ __ ] dripping from your earlobe you
know take a bath
even his haircut sucks to me that is a
strong indication but Gary is a piece of
[ __ ] even the barber got a sense that
Gary's energy it was like [ __ ] this kid
he sucks
and I want his head to reflect that
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm jaded now man I really am I used to
be so romantic I used to meet a girl I
would just want to go ahead of her heels
now I meet a girl I just want her heels
to go over her head that's pretty by the
way ladies that's the only time we
notice your shoes
my eggs were her high heels everywhere
which made her 6-2 which is so tall and
then she'd state her height in heels
guys like wow you're tall how tall are
you you like well I'm 6 2 in heels I'm 6
2 in heels really you can do that well
hell I'm 7/8 on a unicycle
I'm almost 8 inches long if you count
the overhang in the condom almost
we look we I don't care about your shoes
I don't know all I know someplace a half
the time when you're walking them you
look like a special needs person and if
you have it mastered walking your shoes
so but why do you insist in walking them
drunk all the time
my Exeter friends they'd walk around
town looking like [ __ ] baby giraffes
it's like holding hands stumbling
falling that's why guys are always like
wow
[ __ ] be trippin by the way why is
only white girls get stumbling drunk
never black girls you ever knows it yeah
it's true I figure that I figure it out
I think it's cuz white girls get drunk
with the waist down
black girls get drunk from the neck up
oh hell no
don't give me no orders you don't know
me give me no orders don't give you
orders you're the cashier Taco Bell
hey it's eric schwartz and here's a
little something different for the last
factory channel a music video for
valentine's day hey so what are we going
to do for valentines well wait what are
you saying sometimes valentine valentine
[Music]
one time mmm valentine baby god so fine
but this is where I draw the line to
know that is no time to be your
Valentine you gotta sing
[Music]
you can fall and when you say Valentine
somebody called a grammar police she
committed a crime there's no such thing
as a valid time I love you girls I've
seen the skulls you me to say and
whatever one thinking but never called
you with all the time and I never say
Jack this one straw that broke the
camel's back my lips to cook me
breakfast I just satisfy and die
believing you when you see you soon Eli
burial don't know you gotta
[Music]
but I can't bring you home to my baby
girl this time but you know that grandma
is my life and for rice balls and
grinded on time grammar Ellen lost my
bio and bookkeepers arrow has gone
laughs you'll give me that dough don't
pick me by the time you got out of
course I want to get you out your
closest see let's just say supposably
you didn't say supposedly there's no I
in team there's no are involved here
since I fear my dear Papa bargain book
garage who want to take the picture when
we go on a day can you meet a baseball
player or a single-ended day say you're
getting silicon implants beautiful
because that would mean your baby become
super computer
d voluptuous Matt's a lump xuan if I
don't my hard drive on them is that too
presumptuous and please don't make your
bouquet because it's just a slave it
finds like little nozzle thingy
[Music]
especially so why must you expect them
extra exit escaping especially
expressive is to get those well this
don't come lock pick up the phone prolly
this is a catastrophe but it doesn't
have to be your ultimate and then upon
jumpy in the word Valentine that's your
man epoxy are you override my one-time
Valentine her girl ease the pain with
free download of this song in eric
schwartz live com for a limited time
because only love is forever touch me
right here to subscribe and get all up
in my business by watching my other
video hey what is this shirt and the
video means the internet
symbol for upside down oh go get your
own at eric schwartz live.com / store
extreme left for one hour comedy special
free on hulu in the US and japan
international just five dollars download
on my website you can also check my tour
dates there I can't wait to hook you in
those beautiful eyes surrender to the
blender and happy Valentine's I mean
darling i'm dash' got me doing it now
[Music]
thanks for watching and subscribing
please share this with your friend you
know they're gonna love it and subscribe
to my channel at suburban home boy see
you soon
I've always been kind of an uncool guy
like before I did comedy I used to teach
preschool that's true for real and I had
to quit because the kids were too
depressing you don't like to think of
four-year-olds as a bummer but some of
them really were they had these little
morbid truths that only an adult's keen
ear could unlock you know one time this
little kid ran up to me and he was like
josh is the unicycle harder to ride than
a bike and I go yeah it's way harder and
he goes oh no like he was on a timetable
or something and I go what's wrong dude
what's the problem and he goes oh that
means that clowns are better than us yet
does mean that well thanks for bringing
that to my attention because I'd never
considered that I'm worse than a clown
now that's on my mind the cutest kid I
ever taught was the smallest he was
three and a half the others were four
four and a half five and he had a very
strong Mexican accent which is very
charming because when a child has an
accent other than your own it's like
you're talking to a real live Muppet
so a couple years ago the day before
Halloween he comes up to me and he says
Yosh because that's how you say Josh
with a strong Mexican accent the J's
become wise and I don't quibble or
complain because I like the arrangement
the Mexican people and I have with
burritos and I don't want to jeopardize
that in any way so he says yo should I
say Jess and he says I am going to be
Batman because he's three and he thinks
that's a job you can have so you mean
like when you grow up and he goes hey
zoos Chris don't know I mean like right
now I am Bruce Wayne but later when I
put on my outfit that I am Batman so
cute right next day Halloween comes in
in his bat suit just happy as a clam
flexing till the middle of the day I see
him he just crouched in the corner
looking sad by himself and go what's
wrong dude and he stands up and I can
see that he'd wet his pants that's what
I said guys I was like oh no did Batman
have a little accident and he goes no
Bruce Wayne peeling my outfit
you
yeah people even though we live on the
same planet we live in different
galaxies different galley I saw the
series cosmos you guys see that on
Netflix of blue my might like our galaxy
is just one of hundreds of billions of
galaxies out there we're so small and if
alien sauce all we're doing is just
taking selfies all day long little kids
are starving to death and little rap me
just hundreds of billions of galaxies
we're so tiny like even though on the
same planet we live in different
galaxies there's nothing more clear than
when you go from single to married man
this whole transition blows your mind
like I traded my Beemer I have an old
Beemer I traded in for a minivan that
whole I got five hundred dollars cash
back for my balls I got 250 for each I
wasn't even factory rebate that guy was
just like alright here you go bro just
five hundred I went to a bachelor party
in Vegas and the very next week I took
my wife and my two kids to Vegas same
City two different galaxies all right
like his married men no all right when
you go to bachelor party
Vegas it's like two years with a pardon
into two days yeah like Lord or Lord of
the Flies
ah it's crazy you know like it's crazy
but then married men when you when you
take your wife and your kids to Vegas
we're like sad little mermaids
after our wife and kids go to sleep we
look at all the people out there having
fun what I want to be with a people are
I want to see what a silly dancing
they're taking shots and doing that
what's that truck again oh ha ha ha
there is my son he's just laying down
let me pick him up and oh ok yeah and
I'm like I took a step back you know and
then like the way the Vegas lights were
hitting my reflection looked like I had
long hair and I just you know my wife
and I we had drank wine so it just came
out I was just like who is that girl I
see staring straight and I look back as
my wife I was like oh shoot she's like
what are you doing right now you see a
Disney it's like midnight there's so
many people having fun and I right there
my two-year-old girl she wakes up she's
like daddy let it go you're my daddy let
it go my dude
some believable man this has been such a
great time
I cannot believe spring break is right
around the corner we have any college
people in here Cosby both over there
what's believe Oh - sweetheart Concordia
Moorhead
that's a tough school to get into it is
good you gotta make a left off that exit
do I have to explain this [ __ ] to you
folks
Concordia or all of the the clobbers a
copper like a corn God you make up your
own jokes okay
[Laughter]
I was not gonna gone to school at
Concordia I'm stupid as [ __ ] and I know
what you're saying basil you you damn
right you know it kept me back high
school math marry those word problems
[Laughter]
every travel agent I knew yeah if the
train leaves New York no I'm not staying
over Saturday night right away well it
doesn't say it on the damn cross
oh wait someone got lost going to
Concordia the coppers for God's sake you
know what the big thing is right now
which I really was not aware of online
college is huge I'll do any online
college people in here yeah beautiful I
played football in an online college
you're the control all beliefs and got
injured loading paper in the printer
[ __ ] up my fantasy career my only
question is is if you do go to an online
college and power goes out to your home
is that a snow day hey whenever
homeschooled homeschooled really
homeschool I hated my teachers it was
[ __ ] roll out of bed BAM you're in
school already I just had that dream to
graduate and walk through the living
room that's all I want
field trips are great oh my god we're
going to the grocery then one day I
caught my mother talking to herself in
the corner room going [ __ ]
parent-teacher conference
I got so pissed off one day I walked the
haslums go to my name's my mom goes wait
at your bags I'm going to a different
school district this is bull I'm going
back for my 25th reunion you are the
slowest [ __ ] I have had I did that
series of jokes in West Virginia guy
jumps up into Becca's hey I met my wife
at home stuff
[Applause]
I didn't say that's what she said God
but it's about the education and the
spirit it's about the spirit my god you
know he there's no spirit in a
homeschool situation online situation
that's why we had mascots oh [ __ ]
I love the mascots Jesus Craig the state
of Ohio where I'm from we have the most
stupidest booming man that's in the
country
imma prove to you right now the Ohio
State we had the entire Animal Kingdom
the goat we're going with tonight
Cobbers was taken
[Laughter]
[Applause]
Youngstown State anyone gonna Youngstown
Akron Ohio no Akron universities
zip zip you know the zip is it's a big
zero City perfect place to put the nut
my all-time favorite Youngstown State
University anyone know penguins penguins
well there's a bird of prey the penguin
their guns I went to one of their
football games I pissed my pants they
have a 7-foot chilly willie son of a
[ __ ] running all over the field trying
to intimidate the opposing team right
Nevers gonna go ysu by 5 pie fight
there's the penguin
[Applause]
me once I get my slippers over my head
I'm kicking your ass
[Applause]
[Music]
the scary thing has happened to me today
as I was accused of masturbating at
Massage Envy the massage franchise place
accused me of masturbating
I was not masturbating but I was getting
massaged like I do and then they're like
flip over and I'm like all right cool
you know that's the good part and I was
like and I had it I get itchy so I was
like this this is all I get I wanted to
all I did I just did this the woman
massaged me throws up hands and goes
hands up stand up hands up stands up
hands up stands up I don't know what the
[ __ ] that means so I jump up I think
there's an earthquake or some [ __ ] so
I'm like hands up stand up what's
happening and then she looked at me
she's like okay good go back down so I
lay back down I started thinking about
the situation putting the pieces
together like a detective and I'm like
this [ __ ] thought I was on after mating
at Massage Envy in Studio City mixed to
the route what so I had to say something
because I was too stressed out to get a
massage so I was like excuse me ma'am
just so you know I was definitely not
masturbating but I realized that's only
something someone says who was
definitely masturbating
but hands up stand up is not what you
say to get someone to stop masturbating
even if I won you don't say hands up
stand up say I'm calling now one here's
a picture of your mother that gets
people to stop masturbating but or even
masturbate like this like like this was
all I did like who what logician was in
there before me was Criss Angel in there
earlier is masturbating everywhere is
like I don't know it was horrifying
so I complained I actually complained
something I'm not going to masturbate at
Massage Envy okay I'm gonna masturbate
to you porn with headphones on the couch
like a married man does so I like
freaked out I told the woman I was like
a very upset she's like well if you
really have a problem you should email
headquarters and I was like okay so I
emailed the Massage Envy headquarters
and I'm going to read you guys the email
I sent them this is for real I actually
sent this email to Massage Envy and
people were like hey probably don't send
this email but I was like I did and
they're like well then you should
probably read it on stage so the subject
was hands up stand up
hi Vanessa
as discussed and really off experience
of Massage Envy yesterday I went to get
a massage like I've been doing for years
to escape my stressful daily life I'm a
comedian and I work at least 16 minutes
a night
[Laughter]
anyways during the massage I got an itch
on my upper thigh which is pretty normal
for me I'm gonna cheat I I've been
taking their tech but still itchy like
you know when you're running in the cold
your legs get real itchy
that's me all the time however when I
scratch my itch the therapist stop
massaging me open the door and scream
hands up stand up a few hours later
realize what was going on a thought OMG
did you really think I was going to
masturbate at Massage Envy in the valley
at 6 p.m. next around behind that we're
cigar shop who goes in those shops by
the way any hazy obviously I was not
masturbating because who would ever do
that but I felt really weird and
couldn't enjoy massage that wasn't even
that great to begin with burn instead of
being embarrassed about the situation
never climbing back to your
establishment again I would like a dozen
free massages to make up for this
traumatic event sincerely Dan if you
leave me
PS feel free to follow me on Twitter at
dailyvee so that's what I said and she
said back I'm so sorry here are 12 free
massages at any Massage Envy around the
country
so here's what I'm going to do I'm going
to go 12 different massage Debbie's
around the entire country and jerk off
everywhere
[Music]
my dad is uh my dad was a good dude man
I say that now because he's a good knew
now and you just forget [ __ ] like my dad
used to smoke crack like a lot a lot of
crack he was good at and professional
used to tell me so I'm not a crack
addict I am a drug user
unless it's not better family that's but
I didn't know when I was younger that
his drug use used to make him do weird
[ __ ] like I would call him and ask him
questions and he would give me the
answer that would get me off the phone
the fastest didn't make any difference
to him whether that she had anything to
do what I asked him like I call him one
time I said hey Dad how come we have
different last names
he was like err the tie goes to the
runner and hung the phone up [ __ ] does
that have to do with our name say does
weird ass answer and he never corrected
that [ __ ] my mom used to spank me and I
feel like she had a disadvantage they
used to really like my dad cause he
never spanked me and as I'm older now
realize that's because he wasn't there
and
but some of that [ __ ] was traumatic like
one time when I was 12 I got a deal my
report card right now I know going home
it's gonna be bad so I walk home real
slow and I'm shuffling my feet and I'm
praying for her to get in a car accident
before I get home not some old permanent
[ __ ] just like you know something keep
her in the hospital for nine weeks so I
can bring that great backup [ __ ] my
ass with so I get home and I'm like well
she's gonna make it home I have to think
of a plan B and my plan B was to change
the D to a B with a pen yeah she came
home I've delivered that [ __ ] with a
flourish she was like let me see your
poor card I was like and I thought I had
a full second is she ready she was like
a bee a bee boy what the [ __ ] is this
now that that's a big she was like you
think I'm a [ __ ] fool you
better get your simple ass upstairs and
take your pants off all that okay and I
go upstairs and I'm doing a snuggle
thing before you already get this
I get to the top of stairs the angel
pops up on my shoulder he's like a
bamboo bigger than her you'll have to
take this [ __ ]
[Music]
it's like you alright I'm physically
dominant and then what popped up on my
left shoulder he was like hey your
mother's an Ethiopian immigrant she'll
[ __ ] kill you and won't give a [ __ ]
all right
he almost got me fam he almost got me
and he was like a man [ __ ] that weak
[ __ ] man being a [ __ ] he was like why
would you call me weak and a [ __ ] like
[ __ ] a weak [ __ ] have babies in
this snap back into place you should
have called me a weak-ass balls cuz if
you have some balls that you just grazed
them [ __ ] muhfucka be knocked
out for two hours why won't you call me
weave balls didn't say see that's the
dumb ass feminist [ __ ] and he was like
it's called intersectionality read a
book and while they were arguing my
mother came in and swung the bell I was
like this is rule while she gonna
interrupt that argument so I caught the
belt and
oh [ __ ] on cotton belt uh but I'm cool I
got my angels they got my back right so
I look at my angels my engines and
disappeared these little [ __ ]
we care as falls so now I look at my mom
she look at me she was like Shh
i'ma call your daddy I'm not bigger or
taller than him but I thought about it
for just a second I was like you know
what if I let go of this belt there's
100% chance she's gonna kill me
but he's still getting hot there's only
a 50/50 chance he's gonna answer the
phone
[ __ ] it call him I don't get the [ __ ]
call it come right now you will use my
phone you want to use it come I don't
even [ __ ] I'm not linked with his girl
call in and she called him this
[ __ ] answers the phone my boys
dainty mother loses her [ __ ] I've never
heard her like this my mom was like let
me taste so much a little punk ass son
so I guess his little balls to drop I
was like first of all you wait late that
[ __ ] happened last like three must go
just she was like this one [ __ ] the
balls the drop cause he had the nerve to
bring home a D you know I slapped the
[ __ ] on before C with a deep a
[ __ ] D I should have punched
him in his dick soon as he walked in the
door with that [ __ ] second of all
this [ __ ] nuts to drop to the
middle of his back cuz when he came home
with D he didn't have man in the balls
do this [ __ ] he gonna change the D to a
bi [ __ ] beat his super
[ __ ] use blue ink on a black
report cut I should've knocked this [ __ ]
out all right then
third of all his next dropped all the
way down to his knees because when I go
upstairs to tear this [ __ ] ass
up he gonna catch the belt on me I
should have tied that [ __ ]
around his neck and knock him out the
goddamn window jump in the duck but it's
there I called your punk ass so what the
[ __ ] is we gonna do about your son
and my dad said the tie goes to the
runner and hung the phone up say shut up
in my bed
[Music]
Oh
women a tricky [ __ ] man girl ever
actually like a simple question like
what are you doing for your birthday
sound like an innocent question sound
like she's concerned about your plans
that you got for yourself but they don't
give a [ __ ] about your plans they just
want to hear if they're included in them
that's the only reason why they asked
I'm saying you can't tell uh I don't
know what I'm doing but after I do it
I'll let you know what I did I'm just
saying why are you mad at it was my
birthday I just thought I could do
whatever I wanted on my birthday it's
cool go do what you want on your
birthday you know how to invite me I
know that I mean nothing to you fine go
do what you want to do sitting now my
birthday end up taken to a play I took a
dinner
took a dancing uh she stole my [ __ ]
birthday she flipped that [ __ ] into an
extra Valentine's Day she got out the
ride and was like this is the best your
birthday I ever had
I can't wait to your next year birthday
is gonna be off the chain thanks for the
ring the flowers the chocolate this was
beautiful he could have got me a card
why didn't you get me a car
women are pimps they will still [ __ ] you
didn't even know could be stolen did you
know a day could be physically stolen
that's why my next girl I'm not even
telling her got a birthday telling her
[ __ ] what is your birthday I don't have
one
it's relationship only got room for one
birthday semantics I'm a Jehovah's
Witness
now you don't got no birthday
celebrating [ __ ]
my transmission in my car died today
which was awesome because I was at the
front of a stoplight I was first I
wanted to go I really did I was like I
just kept accelerating and it kept
making the sound and the guy behind me
was so mad and you never realized like
how many people behind you hate your
guts if you decide to not move forward
on the green this guy because my windows
were down I could hear him he shouts out
as I'm like trying to figure out this
situation with and the driving and he
shouts out your mother's a [ __ ] go
so now on top of having a broken car I
gotta find this out about my mom I'm
like really now is the time to tell me
about my [ __ ] mother
earlier today I was watching cnn.com
and I saw this article about this
handicapped guy who climb Mount Everest
I thought to myself wow that's amazing
if this dude can climb Mount Everest
so he can for sure Park and a regular
[ __ ] parking space
you
I'm an Iranian Jew that's right I was
conceived in Narnia and long as an
Iranian Jew I know that it's a very hard
time to be Muslim these days right it's
not fun to be Muslim and I'll tell you
why I perform all over the country
without fail when I get off stage
someone comes up to me and goes dude
you're not really Jewish right you just
say that because it would be more
dangerous to say you're Muslim huh
how much must have suck to be Muslim
where people think that you're faking
being a Jew for your safety that's like
the worst witness protection program
ever I was like oh my anorexic no no I
just have AIDS it's fine it's tough
being Iranian newsday that's not fun
people come up to me they'll ask me two
dumbest questions they'll be like yo Dan
come here man what's the deal dude level
with me are you guys making those
nuclear weapons or what like I have the
in like I know someone like there's this
big email list that goes out every month
to anyone who's Iranian greetings from
Tehran everything is going according to
plan so now the Americans will die and
now birthdays my mood is everything is
34th in Virginia click here for the
evite like they're forwarding us jokes
and like what do you call an American
having sex with Castro infidel get it
infidel ha ha sin is 210 people in the
next hour and you'll have many many
wives so we do
yeah let me got those hair bands of the
80's remember those guys the hair bands
the 80s all these crazy bands got their
own box set now have you seen it it's
called the monster ballads of rock it's
great
the monster ballads of rock with poison
Motley Crue
oh sweet the monsters of rockets with
Jon Bon Jovi
now I'm ready to order that box set
right I'm all ready to call the 800
number and then they say the stupidest
thing I could imagine on that commercial
folks they go the monsters of rock they
taught us how to love Motley Crue on a
good day Motley Crue taught us how to
snort cocaine off a hookers ass or
something they didn't teach us how to
love right I'll tell you who taught us
how to love Al Green taught us how to
love right soul legend Al Green Al Green
will take any song in the world make it
sexy right Al Green just take a song
you know
oh why
you
bah humbug you know for me I've got
mixed feelings about Christmas I like
the idea of Christmas I love what it
stands for you know Jesus Birds giving
gifts and everything it's just one thing
about Christians I hate I [ __ ] hate
Center
I hate Santa Claus hate everything said
I'll stand for I don't know why to [ __ ]
with guys sanic let me tell you why
Santa Claus is the first real [ __ ]
light you have in your life he's the
first real I you don't want to believe
it but your ignorance parents they stick
the line yeah the NBA when you start
coming to reality like you know what I
think the center share it all now here's
a reindeer doodle outside the door Santa
Claus is here yesterday
that's the instead my work group of
peers together decided to collectively
we gonna lie to our kids as a community
this I mean I don't have kids so I for
me our cherished idea of having a kid
and having a trust and a bond and a love
between each other why the [ __ ] would I
lie to my kid every year just so when I
get old enough you know [ __ ] right so
it's like it again I was like oh man we
all waiting around for one fat white man
to come give all of those gifts then our
parents couldn't give us have to wait on
a good little Saint Nick I would not
tell that lie to my kids okay look I
bought the [ __ ] I got the naughty/nice
list probably solve that's the one about
us get credit at my house I wouldn't
want nobody to get credit like your kids
you may hey y'all better sit down for
Santa Claus come and they may already
sit down that would make me a jealous as
[ __ ] everybody y'all better sit down
I coming in with some ass you know get
[ __ ] for Christmas I go by I would be
the most oh yeah I had a nice little
crisp on the frigerator every week it
just started January that's like we
gonna do the marriage system alright you
starting out with a hundred points
countdown to the end of the year
[Applause]
[Music]
keep it going for uh my guys in the tank
tops here too
yeah all right I felt like that deserved
more of an applause on your guys's part
that's two guys that no doubt planned
their wardrobe to be in unison right or
did they just did you guys walk in
separately and they go you go to the
[ __ ] tank top corner fellas you know
where you belong you walked in like dad
you will [ __ ] together this is a plan uh
this was on purpose for correct hell
yeah
yeah you're going along with the story
and he's like nah man
this was just [ __ ] an accident and uh
or maybe I don't know I want to create
the story that like you were like dude
come on man it's [ __ ] tank top
Tuesday man you know what's up come on
man and then you were like dude no man
you know I don't have the shoulders for
tank tops and then you were like yeah
you do and then there was a weird moment
where like he complimented his shoulders
which it never happened in the
friendship before so then he was like I
mean like they're pretty good shoulders
they're not that great I don't know I
would [ __ ] you anything but just
overcompensates just that's what dudes
do if they give any sort of remote
compliment they immediately go there I
wouldn't [ __ ] you know
dudes [ __ ] dope dude is that a new
haircut yeah yeah it's like it really
brings out your eyes
but I wouldn't like suck your dick or
anything bike just immediately bad track
we're so homophobic it was a driving
time in Los Angeles and boy it is just
it's frightening to drive in Los Angeles
people Jesus Christ people people were
like don't you even drive like maybe
just don't drive at all in LA people
make up moves all the time you'll make a
moves on a daily basis also be driving
along and see some [ __ ] like oh wow
again [ __ ] do that now then somebody
just creates a new move I go buddy's
gonna pull that guy over this guy in the
five freeway tonight cut across four
lanes of traffic on the freeway in front
of me and exited in one motion see look
at the response from you guys that's the
problem we a few you laugh the rest like
yeah man that's what you [ __ ] do when
you gotta get to where you better put
the pedal to the metal
they're [ __ ] that was runnin late
[ __ ] you mean safety I'd never seen that
you before I never it was a new move the
guy just just cut across four lanes of
traffic him again see you later it won't
move just no blinker you [ __ ] everybody
and that's what I'll do my dude you
can't be going speeds upwards of 80
miles an hour and make split-second
decisions like that plus what was your
GPS light and eggsy
now what coked-out tweeker gps tell me
where to go on a Tuesday
I went on a cruise that's what I was
doing
don't look at me so surprised I know
black people don't cruise a lot we had a
bad experience like 200 years ago they
told us it was round-trip she was one
way you haven't been on a cruise go man
just to experience it they spoiled you
on that you don't do [ __ ] on a cruise
you don't you go up the Lido deck you
eat you leave your plates and [ __ ] you
better [ __ ] that [ __ ] this walk away
somebody come and clean that [ __ ] up
every time you leave your cabin you come
back in and made up your bed put
chocolate on the pillow take a towel
turn it into a rabbit put sunglasses
women love that [ __ ] man y'all walking
the Rumba ah look they made a rabbit on
the top guys be like I knows my [ __ ]
sunglasses
they'll do that every time you lead man
I got up in the morning 3 o'clock to
take a leak I came back my beer was made
chocolate and a damn rabbit
I'm like where is this [ __ ]
although helps me to talk about I think
my biggest accomplishment recently is uh
I finally went out I bought myself a
grocery bag I was guessing I wasn't
going to do it but I had to I found out
the hard way
once the grocery store to get rid of
plastic bags I didn't know I guess they
sent out an email or something and I
missed it because don't check my emails
so I go to the gun store about [ __ ]
Larry groceries I get to the checkout
and the cashier said to me would you
like bags for your groceries I was like
that's the only way I'm gonna get this
[ __ ] to the car she replied how many
bags would you like as many as it will
take to get this [ __ ] to the car why are
you asking me all these questions
we're talking like the bad boys not
standing right here in front of us that
is his expertise she called the hell and
I turn to the bad boy like you need to
be good for yourself you're never going
to move up in the race
so they offer you brown paper bags you
know you know you had to pay for those
in cash it was like how many of you know
you know it'll be testing a piece and I
was like for what she lighted bag and I
was like [ __ ] that [ __ ] put in my arm
carry all this [ __ ] to the car she lay
down a lot of groceries I said yes I'm
well aware of that
that's why I plan to double bag puppet
both arms under this day and may 15 2014
1 now I got a bag and I don't even use
it because I forget it at the house a
buddy of mine offended me a couple of
weeks ago you like you've lost weight I
was like yeah I only bought one grocery
bag
time I put milk and water in it no no
you [ __ ]
that's right Thomas president I think
sometimes he gets too much [ __ ] but
that's just my opinion people bring up
stupid stuff about they say he doesn't
believe in climate change you heard
about this he doesn't believe in climate
change it's the thing I believe in
climate change and I don't give a [ __ ]
about it that's worse [ __ ] best thing
that's ever happened to me has happened
here
fine the [ __ ] are we losing I said I got
a fridge that makes that [ __ ] see ya
[Applause]
I'll need that [ __ ] outside on the
ground I flipped 92 x-rays I don't have
insurance clap your hands if you've ever
been Antarctica exactly [ __ ] that place
let's make this pool bigger okay leave
Antartica there's nothing there bad hey
what's the man arctica seven scientists
that's a hundred percent nerd [ __ ] down
also probably the worst scientists in
the world what the [ __ ] are you studying
man
[Music]
[Applause]
talk like daddies onstage [ __ ]
that was fun I'm sorry I called you a
[ __ ] I just meant it my wife isn't here
I can't say it to her so all these
winter animals penguins dude a novelty a
sin I'm a [ __ ] you grew up on ice and
you still slip on ice every day
[Music]
but I'm Catholic Catholics here I'm
cowboy all right you guys so when you're
Catholic four of us on this street by
the way right now so like when you're
Catholic so if you don't know this to be
a godparent you have to get a letter of
good intent from the church like you
have to have a priest sign off on the
church look I'm a Catholic but me
so let's judge this right so I wouldn't
had to go to the rectory and meet a
priest and convince him I'm the man for
the job
I don't plant I wanted to be a godfather
so so so bad so bad I totally lied to
the priest I don't know if you ever lie
to a priest before as a Catholic do it
feels [ __ ] amazing
like right here in your heart it feels
really really you got to do it it feels
great like he's like you come to church
I'm here every Sunday I put money in the
basket you should remember me
then you know what I did I waited
confession and I opened up that little
thing I don't know why you have other
religions we have this little round
robin you can do whatever you want on
monday you go in you say a couple of
hair mailings and then just like doing
we got hammered when I kick someone in
the neck are we back here tomorrow but
this is true this is true part of that
story I had to meet him in directory I
had to meet the priest in a rectory and
you sit behind a desk it goes like this
okay PJ we're gonna have to watch a DVD
together I'm like yeah I'm not watching
a DVD alone with you in something called
a rectory I know what what kind of
Catholic Jedi mind-trick you're trying
to pull on me but if I get diddled at 45
it's on me I'm getting no sympathy but
the reason I bring this thing up is
therapy I know if your leg did your
people I don't like at church I don't
like them right they're people all right
whatever you worship I'm sure you're
with me all right the first is the guy
who collects the money you have those
money collecting pricks oh my god my
guys always got a big look
rustic basket yochi wood and he sticks
it in your face real up not she's like
come on you can do better than that
come on what is that is that a one
folded like a - yeah cheap prick
everything
Comedy Central money at least a five
yeah freckled bastard that guy right
he's number two but the person I hate
the most can't stand him ever since I
like it cast in so people leave the last
five minutes to beat traffic
I hate them they're cheating the Lord
you gotta stay the end I'm gonna stay in
I know who they remind me of you know
when you gonna watch your favorite sport
team you watch your favorite sport team
and they're losing really really bad
and everyone decides to get up and leave
the last five minutes to beat traffic
then what happens they get stuck in
traffic
anyway and they're listening to the game
on the radio and then once in a while
that miraculous comeback habits and they
totally miss it Church what the preacher
come in a speaker jesus has arrived dude
he tweet hashtag savior walk on water
you missed it five minutes losers
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you guys in the rest of the country have
a wonderful Halloween because you get
the seasons right we try in Los Angeles
we're like yeah it's October let's do it
my wife and I know nine-year-old son
we're driving out of the pumpkin patch
and you know we got the Halloween music
playing really I mean we're do it right
we're tricking our little you know uh
pumpkin spice lattes get on our sweaters
we got the air conditioned blowing then
we get out of the car it's like 94
degrees we're pissed off after 10
minutes people think I'm a pumpkin stop
grabbing my head sir
you think I'm kidding doesn't my head
plan with this sign trust me I know it
does they've been filming every show and
I'm like dude I'm not even up there
you're the best thank you so they I like
go into the pumpkin patch because I get
the corn maze right and you go to this
corner you pay the ideas you pay to get
lost right whenever it's like 25 bucks
25 bucks you know which it was allies
like 25 my wife 25 then children's pies
are our 10 bucks we're walking around
paying 60 bucks to get lost the first
time we did it we went to the wrong
trail we're into the little baby trail
so we walked in we're following the
straw we're like oh man is there gonna
be really great man this is like he's
scared I know I am what the [ __ ] around
the parking lot again so we went in
we're like I don't think this is right
we just paid 60 bucks and we were in
there for maybe five minutes
that guy's like oh no you guys want to
turn left it'll take about two hours
[Laughter]
that's when I was like this is the
dumbest thing I've ever heard of right
paying to get lost I think next year I'm
gonna be like go to a parking garage at
the mall I'll be like okay here's the
keys to my Honda please move it
do me a favor keep it on this floor this
is scary honey we don't know where our
cars at but there's a couple that this
makes the news every year I just every
year it makes the news like somebody
will get go to a pumpkin-like faster
there's a lady and a guy in a girlfriend
they went to the pumpkin patch and got
lost at the corn maze and then it got to
the point where it wasn't fun anymore
and they actually called 9 9 1 1 did you
read about that like as I guess the
employed the Sun went down it was like
3:00 a.m. the employees went home and
they're just like it's not cool anymore
Roger I'm scared I'm sure as hunters
were a little you know like short
complex to is a [ __ ] I never asked for
directions I told you Tammy
and the reason I say you must have been
short cuz I mean dude it's corn okay
it's not like iron or steel you guys
[Music]
will do 91 1 what is your emergency
we're trapped are you in a house or a
car or under a bridge or in a river
we're at mr. pickles pumpkin patch we're
in a corn maze here we go here we go
here we go no it's not amazing are you
still there
do I still have your ear
[Applause]
please call the cops cops cuz I want to
speak to the colonel we can't find the
corner hall this joke is corny you hear
a shot
[Music]
I grew up on death row records like
anything they put out I would buy what a
lot about death row is that they would
just have random women sing the hook
right like nowadays it always be like
featuring Beyonce or featuring Rihanna
back then they would just have random
chicks like nobody knows the chick who
goes dunky dunky dunky dunky dude
only those who the [ __ ] that is she's
just out there she's not collecting any
royalty checks death row records you
also forget that like I remember how
skits are such a big part of the rap
album like rap skits and then a lot of
the skits were just sound effects of
them [ __ ] chicks like on dr. Dre's
the chronic there's an entire track for
all you hear is like yeah I'm dr. dre
yes the doctors in how are they getting
that audio is there a boom guy
in the bedroom like we're getting some
great staff Dre you're gonna like what
you hear see it keep on keep on pounding
away also how insecure do you have to be
as a rapper to put that on your album
like yo you don't think I'm [ __ ] on
the regular tracked in you don't have to
do that it's like you're dr. Dre you're
a millionaire you're the number one
rapper everyone assumes you're [ __ ]
on the regular right you don't the
Telegraph it like that like rock stars
have been around for ages they never do
that
you'll never listen to a Beatles album
and after twisting shout you just hear
they um Paul McCartney you know getting
my dick sucked right now it feels
wonderful hey Ringo you gotta get in on
this you know they know fun of us the
homies gotta have home they don't do
that they're classy they're classy
blokes
I was watching step-up 3 today is that
smoke weed you guys watch that [ __ ] it's
about a duet it's about a dance team
that battles another dance team for our
dance competition
but they're like thugs and then they
meet up and have all these [ __ ]
issues and they dance it out that's
their [ __ ] conflict but they just
[ __ ] dance it out these guys are
thugs man they got tattoos of like
dragons getting raped by other dragons
they look like thugs I mean they look
like Dodger fans and is that the line
[ __ ] Dodger fans [ __ ] really play
siege of the go man you must be
disrespecting my sister [ __ ]
disrespecting my sister and I think what
a great way to solve problems in the
world imagine that Yost um you guys have
weapons of mass destruction up with this
[ __ ] it'd be great for
relationships man never you know what
Bill you're an [ __ ] I'm gonna leave
you you know what that makes me feel
like that like that makes me feel like
that and what would she do nothing cuz
women can't breakdance
men would finally win arguments in this
world
[ __ ] Brent sings on stage do it at
the end when he did is if I go oh every
time I hear that I'm like don't [ __ ]
do real singing on stage oh it's it's
not it's fine if you sing but dog when
you [ __ ] o with your head like
somebody's [ __ ] hand is up your
[ __ ] just doing this oh I always tell
them do [ __ ] don't for real sing on
stage you're a [ __ ] comedian some
Josh Groban [ __ ] you just [ __ ] you
raise me up I'll be like if I came up
here you raise me up now he's one of my
best friends it's all good
I do I do but that's good singing
[ __ ] yeah right dude check that
[ __ ] feel I guess the funny when
you're just like I keep forgetting
modern love anymore like what the [ __ ]
isn't it funny when you're all like bye
y'all
but for your yo there's so much room I
can tell you so much she can say isn't
it so is it it so funny when you're just
all like laughs Rebecca this is so funny
ways just like my power my pleasure my
pain warm baby
hey she's not even holding it just
[ __ ] ah up what does he [ __ ] say
that I feel like I wrote a dictionary
all the time
so funny when you're all like is this so
funny when you're all just like as I
forget my eye my eyes become large oh
the [ __ ] why did who the [ __ ] told
sealed that large eyes was attractive my
eyes become large later that's creepy as
[ __ ] what girl wants to do with large
eyes like I love you
it's a lot easier to get married than it
is to stay married yeah it's like buying
a car or having that car parked in your
house all the time telling you what to
do
withholding sex to get what it wants my
wife and I were actually the first
couple in our group to have a baby we
had a daughter and sometimes people come
up to me our friends will come up to me
that don't have kids yet like I don't
have kids but I know exactly what you're
going through because my cat is just
like a kid really when was the last time
you kicked yourself for saying something
that might make your cat grow up to be a
stripper look at her up there she just
wanted the stuff now so they wouldn't
buy it
she's all shaved you can do some of this
on your own you don't need me for olive
oil
and you went here from Texas listen
you're proud I went to Texas and I drove
across the state because I had two
months with nothing to do Nebraska
Nebraska is boring but smaller but Texas
they can attest to this if you drive
across Texas you can fall asleep wake up
three hours later your car's fine you're
fine nothing's changed I was driving
because I didn't I wanted out of Texas
so bad I'm doing 90 miles an hour like a
couple miles ahead I see one bird
standing on the side of the road as I
get closer it takes a step towards the
center of the road I'm like don't do it
just as I get there it jumps in front of
my car
I look in the rearview flip feathers are
just flying like aah god I felt terrible
then I realize that bird wanted out of
Texas as much as I do
it must have been thing and I have been
flying for three [ __ ] days nothing's
changed I see a car I'm taking my shot I
mean I've been all over this country
anyone from Georgia you you found that
hole in the fence and got out the
dumbest people I've ever met in my life
or from Georgia
I'm just saying nothing person I'm sure
you're lovely but exactly weirdest damn
thing in Georgia I got pulled over by
something I'd never seen before a dwarf
Highway patrolman walked up to my car
looked like a pair of boots with
sunglasses comes up he's like let me see
your license and registration yeah
what's up my license he's like
California huh you know where you are
now boy yeah
oz you must be one of the lolly cop men
another person no sense of humor they
never want to get strip-searched by a
dwarf they have stubby fingers all right
that one was just me but from there I
went and worked in the Cayman Islands
which was awesome it's amazing if you
ever get a chance go but you will hear
people on vacation ask some stupid
questions on the boat in the islands and
this woman looks at the guy completely
seriously says excuse me but does this
island go all the way to the bottom
no we anchored here in the spring Mendes
woman looks at him completely seriously
that is the moon that you see here is
that the same moon we see in the States
pasture where are you from Georgia
[Applause]
I heard tree Alabama [ __ ] they can just
use one toothbrush in that state and it
won't be busy
[Laughter]
[Music]
our Dean was talking about Ice Cube do
you guys know the ice cube song today
was a good day yeah I didn't even have
to use an a K which by that logic I've
had all great days I've never once used
a night cap
you guys are like you look like you've
used a nikkie that again that's racist
yeah my grandmother died I loved her but
I didn't use an ache a great day
but there's a part in it where Ice Cube
is calling up his friends to see what
part the playing basketball in and ice
cube goes uh put me on the court and I'm
trouble last week [ __ ] around and got
a triple-double did you really
ice did you really get a king triple
double did you actually get 10 points 10
rebounds and 10 assists are you playing
it's [ __ ] children also what kind of
dick keeps track of assists during a
pickup game with their friends what a
chore he must be to be around you sport
but I passed to you another assist for
me oh look another triple dole for ice
this is going into song what song are
you talking about
and what does your mother call you ice
I'm from New York well I'm not from New
York I just moved to New York like six
months ago and it's truly been just okay
that place is trashed
but I realized something pretty early on
and moving there I learned that because
I'm a pretty safe looking black man that
people love talking to me now it's on
the train talking to this woman we were
having small talk and she asked where
was I from originally and I was like oh
the southside of Chicago and I did some
poses and then she replied oh my god I'm
so sorry
I was like what damn [ __ ] you have
strong opinions and then she leaned in
closer and she asked have you ever been
shot I was like first of all have you no
couth white devil we just met how would
you feel if I asked where are your lips
and to know I have not been shot and I
think that's a very shitty stereotype
that perpetuates the idea the Chicago is
this ultra violent place so I want to
say right now for the ball you that yes
was one rains on the south side of
Chicago and I have never been shot thank
you so much I'm a hero
[Applause]
I have been shot at but they missed
every time [ __ ] gazelle unique I guess
a black man I love Chicago so much as a
gay man it could suck a bag of dicks and
dive [ __ ] Chicago they could burn to the
ground again a little history job and
it's funny because I think Chicago's the
reason why I'm as gay as I am like was I
born gay sure I came out of my mother's
vagina and I was like oh my god what
then a doctor smacked my ass and I was
like I don't have much time up here so
I'm gonna tell you a personal story
before I disappear into the night as I
told you I'm from the south side and
growing up being gay was not a thing
that people celebrated or support it
they were like nah that's just gay and I
was like exactly but I want to tell
y'all how I came out cuz it was a very
monumental moment in my life so I was 17
years old and I just really felt like I
needed to be who I was meant to be but I
was terrified so I built up a bunch of
walls and I prepared myself to lose
people I was like it is what it is so I
wanted to come out to my siblings and my
parents so I text my sisters I wrote
them a group chat and I was like hey I'm
gay then one of them checks it back yeah
that makes sense
then I text back what does that mean
then she checks back to wear a lot of
cowboy boots in the summer then I text
back I just like the sound of the
clacking then I text back oh ok yep yep
I heard it but I was so mad cuz I
prepared myself to lose my family and
they'd love to me so [ __ ] them I was
gonna use all that trauma to make some
great art I was gonna make my own light
so I was like [ __ ] y'all this is
[ __ ] I'm gonna come out to my mother
cuz she's a crazy Christian so I read a
letter put it on the kitchen table and I
go to school I'm an AP Calculus I'm
telling you this club is very smart in
high school and I get a text message
that says for my mother and it says I
wouldn't care if you were a green alien
I will love you no matter what I was
like what the [ __ ] does that mean how
dare you I was depending on you well
this is [ __ ] so I go home cuz I know
she wasn't done and she sure wasn't she
called me into the bathroom she was
sitting on the toilet we have a very
close relationship she doesn't sit on
the edge of the tub she looked me in the
eye she said I love you we were going to
hell and I said you're divorced so are
you
then we looked at each other before what
felt like forever I thought she was
going to hate me but all she said was
you got me there and I was like I was
like dope I'm gay Joe I got my first
boyfriend gated up the whole summer
then my nephew had a birthday party and
I was like oh I'm around my boyfriend to
the birthday party so I brought my boy
to the birthday party everybody was like
who's your friend and I was like that's
my boyfriend I ate his ass you gotta
just rip off the band-aid
I introduced my family that was great
that night I go home and my father text
me he was like who was that guy and I
was like oh that's my boyfriend
then he text wait you're gay question
mark and I wrote back oh my god I forgot
to tell you
and then he wrote back no Joe this is
exactly what he said it's okay just
don't get AIDS and I replied yeah you
neither then he replied you got me there
[Music]
that's what I weigh believe in Rhapsody
what a great movie you guys see that
moving dude what a great movie man but
don't go watch that movie if you're
confused about your sexuality I'm not
confused I'm straight man but I want to
go see this movie with my girlfriend and
[ __ ] I was I was there holding my
girlfriend's hand I was watching the
movie and then a gay scene came on and I
got nervous I don't know where man I
don't know why I did I just started
sweating I hold her hand really tight my
ass clicks I don't know where what am i
fighting right now they were so I was
like a demon coming out and I was like
what am i fighting right now I'm not
even gay right now that you're with a
girl Renee what are you doing you're not
even gay dude I was having an exorcism
then the scene was over and I had to
explain to my girl what the [ __ ] just
happened man so I was just there like
whew that guy was too gay man I'm not
getting that but you know you know what
oh what confused me wise man that my mom
dude my mom she used that word in the
house a lot man and she didn't mean no
offense she don't try to offend anybody
by it you know she shouldn't use that
word random like hey [ __ ] gay what
throw the trash like she called me
earlier today she's like what are you
doing gay I what the hell like you don't
use that word but my mom likes like you
know she was one of those Latinas that
she would use anywhere like [ __ ]
shoe comfort or a [ __ ] [ __ ] why
don't you wake up early and then like
she say that's all my brothers and so
one of my brothers actually came out
retardation
she was calling a [ __ ] until one day
like hey what he don't want you
listening that thing is actually
[ __ ] we found out today you know he
needed some special help my mom found
out he was getting a check every month
because he was [ __ ]
we're so thankful for him dude he was
paying our bills and [ __ ] I asked him
for a hundred dollars last week dude my
dad's great I mean my dad's I know yeah
my dad's great you know he had [ __ ]
sperm growing up in that house but you
gotta watch out dude cuz I was recently
in a Mexican barbecue and you gotta
watch out for these Mexican barbecues
man cuz then if you're if you're just
visiting the barbecue you know you just
like visiting you know and you're not
you're not even Mexican let's say friend
like the example like you know you go
out with a Latino woman right are you
letting her know sorry not not not sorry
that she's not I'm sorry right now that
was that was bad you're beautiful man
beautiful man now he think I like her I
don't like her okay she's beautiful this
is awkward already dude this is awkward
are you dating a lap Tina alright let's
just stick with you it's just sick all
right this is getting confusing right
let's say you never met her thank God
you did your [ __ ] better than a
little teen not just Latinos listening
to me I was just kidding it was just
kissing this is [ __ ] up okay but you
gotta watch out man let's say for
example I brought you over to my house
right like I'm not gay though but let's
just say I brought you over to my house
right and we're going to eat and then my
family's dance you got to watch out cuz
my grandma might try to hypnotize you
bro my grandma is one of those ladies
that's to try to just hypnotize you by
just dancing on the floor and make some
weird noise and every Hispanic makes
this noise I've noticed it she'll just
look at him like why aren't you dancing
my god come on we're on dancing except
June hey you gotta watch out for the
noise dude
whoa whoa whoa whoa then you got like a
bunch of Latinos coming at you like whoa
whoa whoa I don't know what you felt for
is like holy [ __ ] what the [ __ ] going
on here and then dude my grandma would
always shot in my mom when I was
shutting everything dad's do but it
never worked until one day at work
because my great-grandma was visiting
and she was just like hey [ __ ] gay
weren't you dancing yeah great grandma
she's here visiting you and you're not
gonna dance for you dance like a gay at
the house all the time and now you don't
want to dance look at your great-grandma
she's over here she's gonna die soon
she's gonna die soon gay you want her to
die you are not done with a desperate
[ __ ] grandma she's gonna die soon up
with her grandma don't do it my grandma
died of a heart attack just [ __ ] I'm
at the point is you know don't get so
sensitive with words like gay though man
you know sometimes especially when it's
not a people we just don't know better
than you know like you know uh I'm with
I'm with my girlfriend right now and
she's great dude you know she she loves
me man but my mom she makes things very
embarrassing dude like last time I was
with her and she was like Andrea how do
you do with Renee how do you do
I'm like mom are you talking about my
great man you raised me right you raised
me right
my was like my name's gonna be stupid I
know it's not that big I was there like
mom why do you know you haven't seen my
dick in years like it doesn't grow by
that much
I'm your mom plus you got it from your
den house they're like shut up
my dad has a big dick my dad was just
they're like no no son no I don't
[Applause]
[Music]
I have cats I have two cats I never
thought I would have a cat honestly
never thought I would have animals but
life sneaks up on you so here I am
double cat dead as my girlfriend's
birthday five years ago she wanted a cat
I said let's go to the shelter we'll
just look at him I was hoping we would
see them and realize it was too much
responsibility and we would leave with
no cats that's not what happened we left
with double cats it wasn't even her
fault she could have left without the
cats that day but they got me I was
surprised I could feel anything before I
walked in there I thought I was almost
dead honestly and then that lady said do
you want to go to the kitten room and I
was like I am very much alive
I haven't had goose bumps in a long time
but I have them right now there's a
kitten premiere where is it I want to go
it's aptly named it's a room full of
goddamn kittens and when you break the
threshold of the door your heart grows a
little bit I felt like I was the Grinch
giving Christmas bag or I was having a
stroke because when I walked in there's
like I'm I only smilin on half my face
because these little kittens deserve an
entire smile I want to make a good first
impression I want to think I'm weird
they're all so cute you know how they
say the animal picks you or whatever
nonsense I don't know if that happens in
every case but that's what happened to
me because I was only in there for 30
minutes 30 seconds and a cat Spiderman
right onto my chest as I came in get me
the [ __ ] out there's way too recaps in
here eighty cats this is inhumane this
is supposed to be the Humane Society
[ __ ] this one up I can tell you don't
already have cats because you're not
covered in their hair and I'm like I
want to take your home your name's lazer
you're my new best friend let's go
where's the button for I want this cat
you don't need a button cuz the lady's
watching through a porthole because at
the bottom line of this business is just
trying to offload cats it's a little bit
sinister so she knew exactly when I
bonded with this cat she just kicked in
the door he's like you like that one I
was like no I love him more than
anything I've ever loved in my entire
life I never felt this way about
anything human or money
give me this cat I already named himself
I have to take him
the sinister part came nope she goes
well if you like that one that's its
brother and I was like Oh
bag him up I don't need a DNA test their
stripes or simular I'll take him she
missed the biggest upsell in the history
of the cat place I'll tell you that
because I was feeling weird she could
have kept going she could hear something
like that is cousin that's its grandma
with leukemia it's tiny because of the
cancer
yeah bag him up I'm taking them all home
the Humane Society's at my house now but
none of the cats have to leave they get
to stay with Billy forever
[Music]
speaking of fun weed anybody smoke weed
and try to try to sniff out white
privilege and should never do that
before like I was smoked week something
out here that y'all got this crazy way
Joe got smoked and you ever watched just
dinner commercials between you like
white families and black families and
never goes good it's never like white
family when anybody biscuits first of
all it's never biscuit it's always
croissants fancy there's string bean
casserole
grandma I'm sitting in a wicker chair
knitting something goofy like a dream
catcher or a quilt for her granddaughter
who has night terrors there's two little
white kids riding bareback on Golden
Retriever puppies just they got Nutella
smeared over their [ __ ] face like
it's more paint and they ride off into
an autumn such thing going I love being
white let's be Caucasian for another
hundred thousand years right you know
watch it go up damn they got what a
croissant now would you ever seen how do
you do us black people um see how the
[ __ ] we we don't get the same treatment
a commercial break later they show the
black family about to eat we don't never
get croissants we always get the pre-cut
chemically buttered biscuits everybody's
dancing on a porch with no house behind
them it's just the [ __ ] part my [ __ ]
is a shootin dice you have no Center in
a black horse they always got a song
plans they don't think I'm staying
advertisements without jingles and [ __ ]
everybody's happy didn't mama and made
the biscuits and the Pepe's gonna have
himself a biscuit today what the [ __ ]
was that everybody's happy that mama
done made the biscuits and the baby's
gonna have himself a biscuit today what
the [ __ ]
we're not barbarians [ __ ] what is that
and if you smoke as much weed as I do
you start hearing real words in that
[ __ ] it's never good for us so there's
some black family coming out of some
[ __ ] and some was like everybody's happy
- daddy stop beatin mama and the baby
Anglesey domestic violence this year
what
until y'all tighten it up I like this
tension
you want me to another everybody's happy
that momma's of them narcotics and the
baby's gonna have some drug free breast
milk today what the [ __ ]
corrupted breast milk my [ __ ] corrupted
breast milk okay ro don't know
everybody's happy that Nana don't got
glaucoma and the family gonna be rolling
legal to be sued a hotter [ __ ] about my
Nana [ __ ] I don't know she got the
Glock nothing o'clock with the Glock sir
[Music]
you
oh yeah I got a lot I got all my
roommates off a Craigslist in New York
which was a shitty move that was not a
good move I got a lot of crazy roommates
and the thing that sucks about crazy
roommates is that you don't know that
they're crazy right when you meet them
when you can do something about it cuz
crazy people aren't all crazy all the
time you know it's not like you meet
them and you're like hey I'm Dan what's
your name has I told her things that
tell us because oh I had this one
roommate this really stuck-up girl she
came back from shopping one day I was
like where'd you go shopping oh I went
to tarjay you mean Target no heartshe
since when does it make something more
socially acceptable if you pronounce it
in a French accent it's like dude where
you've been the past six years
Oh me I was in prison yes
it's cool I committed a double home ec
man I had a other roommate who's a huge
pothead he pulled out this joint once
I've never seen this before
it was a clear joint and you guys anyone
ever seen this yeah all right chill out
okay aggressive pothead yeah I've never
seen the clear door I don't know what
that was I was like what is that he's
like instead of rolling it in paper I
roll it in this vegetable based
cellulose cuz apparently it's really
unhealthy to smoke the paper what about
the drugs like you're doing drugs don't
sugarcoat it
what's next heroin needles dipped in
vitamin C like I can waste my life way
with the heroin but at the same time
maintain a healthy immune system cuz
there's nothing worse than getting a
sore throat when you're mugging a
homeless guy
that's my pressure to Parowan addicts I
just do jazz hands all day and um I've
been watching uh watching a lot of TV
lately new favorite show MythBusters you
guys like Mythbusters five of you this
is for you
I love Mythbusters and I'll tell you why
they're in their 10th season right now
ten seasons and they've run out of myths
to bust and they're just making stuff up
now they're like myth number 30 4612 are
Mexicans immune to electricity
to test this out we're gonna need an
electric cars and Alejandro por
Alejandro's getting wired up okay Mira
excuse me I don't know how I ended up
over here I was standing outside the
Home Depot usually important I'm
skipping if it's gonna hurt but this
busted next week Smith our puppies
bulletproof what's the point
I love that joke as you guys got way
more offended at puppies getting hurt
then Mexicans getting electrocuted Bravo
so I had a wet dream recently some of
the women in the crowd are a little
disgusted that's reasonable but the men
in the crowd I know what you're thinking
nice lucky like why what's something
with all the luck let me explain this to
you women you don't understand how
intense the male wet dream is it's
fantastic it goes like this hand job
[ __ ] wet dream actual sex in that
order
it's amazing you don't do anything it's
all in your head but you still come
you're laying down in bed by yourself
moving around like Professor X in a
psychic bellick
I know I have no idea it's a miracle of
nature I personally put it right up
there with childbirth okay okay that's
ridiculous that's ridiculous
I can explain childbirth I can't explain
a wet dream wet dream better than
childbirth we're not here when you're
single
single guys any single guys here just
all right date night let's do it
single guys when you have a wet dream
it's great right you [ __ ] wake up
you're like oh yeah you're like oh you
wake up what the hell that wasn't real I
didn't just have sex with Anjali Jolie
from 2004 before Brad Pitt ruined her oh
shut the [ __ ] what are you friends with
her that was amazing
now I had a wet dream recently and I'm
in a relationship not as fun not as fun
first of all you wake up you don't know
where you aren't that's just G my girl
she's right there but then comes oh god
do something about this Cavor waking up
at 80 I'm like why is the bed what is
the bed smiley come sex anymore
you know you hit so it's like right so
the other night I go go to clean myself
off very quietly I hear baby where you
going oh yeah I'm just just going to the
bathroom it's 3:00 a.m. you know you
never used the bathroom between book
between like five and three what the
[ __ ] going on here how the [ __ ] do you
know that
I was like you know I just drank a lot
of water the other day you know I just I
gotta go the bathrooms like now I know
you're [ __ ] lying you know trick why
are you even taking or self your piece
of [ __ ]
what are you doing work out what the
[ __ ] going on here you cheating on me
no okay
I had a wet dream and she was cool bet
she was like oh you know that's fine
that happens it's perfectly natural I'm
gonna go clean up I'll be right back so
what were you doing in your dream we I
assumed this was like some alternate
timeline where you died or never were
born I know you might have been the
camera man I don't [ __ ] know and she
was like okay no that's fine so just
like a new thing or you just always want
to [ __ ] other women there's just like a
new thing look last night something
something very personal and embarrassing
happen and you are ruining it for me it
was great hey hey funny people welcome
to the famous Laugh Factory in Hollywood
California on the Sunset Strip where
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed and where you could get
your big break we're teaming up with
Laffy Taffy and Nick Cannon to find
Laffy Taffy's first ever chief laughs
officer was kind of like a chief
executive officer but way more fun and
no stock options if chosen you not only
get that sweet-ass job title you also
win $10,000 a trip to Los Angeles and
the chance to perform on this very stage
all you got to do is write one two three
jokes that could be written on those
Laffy Taffy rappers emit a 60 to 90
second video of your best comedic skit
to laffy taffy candy com do that by May
31st and you could end up right here on
this very stage or some of the best
comedians in the world have performed
good luck Godspeed and may the funny
forces be with you
[Music]
you
I'm 41 it's fine yeah hi so far my 40s
are just making sure I remember drink
plenty of water when I'm on Molly like
you got it it's hard to stay hydrated on
the hard drugs when you get older past
40 I've noticed and pics that you got a
drink more water it's you overheat also
it's easier to OD to I I haven't done
that I've seen it happen it's very scary
to see some audio d-iii go to a lot of
music festivals and stuff see somebody
OD what I do when I see somebody do that
as I always I run to that person's
friends and I'm like hey what did he
take how much he take okay cool I should
be fine then okay that's too much I took
the right amount I think your friend is
[ __ ] though that's that's way too much
you should allowed him to do that and
get the paramedics he's he's dead now
you got to be yeah be careful I like I
said 41 so you know what that means all
my friends are starting to get married
again
I've never I've never been married never
did the first one I've come close to
though I've made some big steps towards
that I made some big commitments moved
in with her girl once that's a big deal
right [ __ ] you guys not one person I
think I even heard it no over here
that's nuts this is a lot of you here
not one how is it not weird to move how
it's a big deal like what do you guys do
it you guys just go on a date and sign a
lease what are you you're weird out
[Music]
but my favorite superhero has to be like
just a so many superheroes not all the
new ones but my favorite one has to be
the first one Superman it was a reversed
one and I didn't see the new movie but
remember the old the first move Superman
movie ever there was always this this
guy when Superman came flying there was
this guy who always was like is he the
bird is it a plane
no it's Superman so that always happened
the guy was like that so I started to
wonder like how often the same guy was
like is it a bird yeah
it's a bird yeah and I think that had to
happen like way more because if you
calculate it's like there's so many more
bird then there are super many so every
five minutes the guy is like good and
it's quite how can the guy not even
distinguish between a bird and a plane
like I've never made that mistake I
think is it a bird
is it like concentrate a little bit
please look what it is is it a kite is
it a helicopter how bad is your eyesight
I hope that guy never goes hunting now
go be the bird no no it's my dog don't
I travel a lot for stand-up I travel a
lot recently I stayed in hands-down one
of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at
I stayed at a Ramada
has anyone ever stayed at a Ramada holy
[ __ ] I was at the continental breakfast
I watched a guest pour waffle batter
into the toaster he filled it all the
way up I saw him staring at me so he
started staring at him so he stopped
maintained eye contact and then he just
topped it off I was like I have to talk
to this man so I went up to him I said
excuse me sir what are you doing and he
goes huh I'm making french toast and I
was like actually that machine doesn't
make french toast
and he goes no but it makes toast here's
the thing he's right a toaster does make
toast so to a man pouring waffle batter
into a [ __ ] toaster I hate to be like
dick give it a shot I don't know if it
works I'll take a piece I'm an idiot
and my hotel room at the Ramada above my
bed was a little sign that says please
do not remove mattress from room okay do
you know what it means when you see that
side you [ __ ] mattress how do you
steal a mattress from a hotel how do you
get a mattress past the front desk I'm
sorry no no I really enjoyed my stay
thank you very much pardon me I'll have
you know I travel with my own mattress
the TB is mine - I'm coming back for
that by the way somebody broke your
toaster
[Music]
I love American movies I do I love
American movies you make whiplash and we
love you for it and then you make
Twilight and I understand why other
countries attack you know as an Indian
so I'm academic about [ __ ] right so I
sat down to watch Twilight to understand
this okay this is American romance so
this chick falls in love with a vampire
but not just any vampire the Penzias
most malnutrition vampire in the world
just his sparkling bluish house wit
survivor looking vampire but not just
that she also falls in love with a wolf
a wolf who doesn't know that shirts
exist his nipples are the most
expressive part of his body and this
chick and this bottle of Windex and his
German Shepherd I had this weird creepy
threesome right in the first part she
hooks up with the vampire and the wolf
is like her brother in the second part
she [ __ ] her brother in the third part
her and the vampire have a daughter and
then the brother who [ __ ] the mother in
the final part [ __ ] the total that's
not romance that's an Amish family tree
all right
I want to tell you guys a story about
the best night of drinking I ever had
was about a year ago at this bar go away
by a couple blocks away and I was with
my friend Alex who's from Australia
right it is Alex's last night in America
he's about to go home and so we get
wasted right and when I am wasted around
Alex I love to do in Australian h-scenes
right it's a lot of fun to do and Alex
bloody hates it right it's like at least
favourite thing
now the key to doing a good Aussie
accent is basically you have to end
every sentence like it's a question and
I don't know why they do that but they
do so we're outside go away right these
poor guys from DePaul University come up
to us and he asked us to bum a cigarette
right so we give them one and they say
are you from Australia and it's about
this time that I realize I am doing an
Australian accent so I say [ __ ] yeah
from Australia born and raised and they
think that's pretty cool right except
one of the guys doesn't believe me and I
can tell he doesn't believe me because
he says to me he says I don't believe
you so Mike from Australia might born
arise and he goes [ __ ] show me your
ID and I was like well I've lived here
for six years mate I have an Illinois
strivers license and he goes [ __ ]
where are you from in Australia and I
think well my dead is real estate in
Melbourne so it spent a lot of time
there but I was born right off the coast
of Adelaide on Kangaroo Island
which is 100% true by the way
about Alex so he says [ __ ] you're a
liar and I know he's right
[ __ ] that guy right so I'm like from
Australia might wanna write so we move
on right in to the guys say they
actually want to study abroad in
Australia right so I give some tips I
tell him to visit Coral city just from
Pokemon amen we start talking about our
egg sense right and then I get an idea
and I start to let on that I can do a
pretty good American accent and we go do
it too and I go nine nine nine and they
go please do it I'm like nah and they're
like please just do the accent for us
and I'm like fine I'll do the bloody
accent just let me prepare for a second
mmm hi my name is Mike Coburn sky I'm
from Chicago Illinois
I love deep-dish pizza Italian beef the
Bears balls and Blackhawks close their
[ __ ] minds
why is that but they go insane they
can't believe how good it is separate
[ __ ] from earlier who I swear to God
goes you know I can still tell you from
Australia yeah two minutes ago he didn't
believe I was from there now he doesn't
think I do a convincing American accent
so he is the villain in this story right
so I say to him I bet you the rocking
you mean it's any stranger out here that
you're from Australia and I'm from
America and he goes deal 20 bucks and I
go 40 bucks
and he goes 80 bucks
and I go 40 bucks and he goes deal and
so I see this lady and I walked straight
up to her and I'm fresh out the gate
like hi miss sorry we were weird bad
that you can't tell which one us is from
Australia and which one is from America
for $40 so if you couldn't if you don't
mind ominous my pro friend school has
burned down town and chillin from where
Hospital my family with the Glenview
when I was really young I went to the
high school in Niles an all-boys school
I wasn't crazy about that but we met two
good people so I put golf ball shopping
mall there's an AMC theater there he's
booked called off no theatres one two
three you could google that
so let me spawn there when I was a I got
scared ahead leave early she goes okay
okay I got it I got it
where are you from and he's speechless
and he goes Florida and she goes no
you're from Australia and he goes no and
we both go yeah we high-fives and he
goes I'm not and then I started god she
goes pay up [ __ ] and he did he paid me
in all ones and fires which was the dick
move but it took him like six times the
count it's oh that's sweet that was the
best night of drinking ever had thanks
so much everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah la la nice North Carolina I moved
here seven months ago and I'm going
homeless sleep in the car but sleeping
in the car in LA it's almost like having
a studio apartment without Wi-Fi yeah I
sleep in the car stop Planet Fitness in
Burbank it's cool though cuz I got
neighbors one of them got a Cooper and
other got a nice on this cool road but
it sucks because the cops always trying
to wake me up my cut out asleep cause
hey you gotta go home I'm on property
just watch the movie be a better cook em
I sleep in the car man it's crazy
because I sleep in the car but all my
friends they got apartments with no cars
so we go backwards but even my friend a
mom who take me to work for a week I see
it kind of crazy just bought for a week
he was like nah I say well get ready for
the bus it's coming
okay I got my car towed I'm like no and
it took my house and I just paid the gas
beetles I was hanging out with this
chick one day I picked up in my crib and
she was like we're going to your house
right I look like I said girl you better
let comfortable it makes you like after
we got done she was like so what are we
good times magnet team
[Music]
a time travel when I smoke know if you
guys do that drinkers you know this is
where you'll black out by the time you
figure out where you are and what you're
doing you just disappear again that's
what I have this committee we're too
much weed but I'm in the kitchen what am
i doing I'll make a sandwich I got some
because I'm watching TV I love this who
put the show on it I'm back in the
kitchen make that sandwich that sam i
would tell you this weed is not
addictive weed is not addictive however
little debbie cupcakes when you are high
very addictive very ticked my doctors
like michael the marijuana is fine it's
the carbs are gonna kill you it's the
car you can't put ricci puffy cereal on
your peanut butter jelly sandwiches how
that's for you can't do that stoners
you're welcome
yeah
this is awkward i auditioned for the red
power ranger
[Applause]
it's nice to see who they cast
don't i look like the guy that didn't
get the job for the red power hunter
like people in the eyes right dude why
didn't he audition for the blue ranger
dude
that dude's a nerd dude
that's awesome man
you got a you got a good high kick
can i see it
i'm just saying
this is collaboration it's a variety
show i think people would want to see
your high kick tonight
no how okay how about let's make a deal
if you're impressed by my high kick
then you do your high kick
deal okay all right cool all right
here's here we go here we go
[Applause]
[Applause]
get him up here we want to see the red
ranger do a high kick tonight
come on
come on
yeah
let's go
let's go
[Applause]
i haven't filmed the show in like six
months
oh he's making excuse ever see the white
boy do a crazy high kick
he's like i mean i had a sprained acl
the other day
okay we're going to do another countdown
for him all right guys give me your love
give me your attention in three
two
one
[Applause]
hold the phone
i could have picked any elderly woman in
the audience to do that
he just did one of these like girl
what was that
i'm starting to doubt if you're the real
red power ranger
what
why didn't you go for it
that was like right here
i tore everything in my back thigh for
you
i can't feel my right leg right now
i should have stretched more before i do
that for the crowd
wow
do you think do you think i could be
like a villain on the show
i'm gonna get you
[Applause]
i'm gonna um well well
well if it is in my little power rangers
why did he say little in front of it he
made it oh if it isn't my wittle bitty
little
tiny baby power angels
oh yeah
what's what's this guy's villain name
i go by daddy
oh i'm gonna raise you like one of my
own kids and you're gonna get the belt
when i'm done with you this is
way more creepy than
than terrifying
[Music]
you
I took my white like $40 mr. white so
show the real murderers and [ __ ] and
like some guy kills his ex-wife [ __ ]
never kill my ex-wife now I gotta watch
my kids all the time
you just killed a babysitter you dumb
[ __ ] [ __ ] I said my expedite
amends wears half right half
I bought her fake tits I want one back
put that [ __ ] on the keychain
anytime we're in court what's up [ __ ]
you're an [ __ ] I know but I got your
other tit have fun at the club court
[ __ ] the first day I was in court I had
to go back twice in the same day because
the judge left his dick in my ass
sure you need this hold up my dick yeah
he left it in my ass this morning I got
paid alimony and child you want alimony
child support child support [ __ ] pay
my kids have their own place I'm
presentation I go to their house
my fog is nice my sons all what the [ __ ]
dad use a coaster
you
give it up a Jordan Peele everybody yes
I love babies i babies are beautiful
creatures I I don't have one but I I do
smoke weed so but I feel weird when
people give me their babies that's why I
don't that's just a little bit too much
responsibility you know that man's like
really that's what that's the only time
I get like paranoid it's like so this is
like a more delicate than glass more
precious than diamond poop basket that
you're handing me okay great I just want
to get that straight this it might vomit
on my shirt if I drop it I'm the [ __ ]
okay great
sign me out for this bucket baby holding
in session where we're apparently doing
you know and it is white people white
people will are the ones that give you
their babies it's true I think as black
people just aren't as proud of their
babies in that way I think that's true
if a black person gives you their child
they want you to keep it
is what the deal is that's the general
what I've understood white people give
you their children they want them back
at the end of the session and it's true
I think May I think is because babies
are racist I think it is true yeah you
know you mean it's true it's not their
fault I think white people want you to
dear ASUS their babies and it's because
what I mean babies only know two people
and they're gonna be white people right
it's not their fault but a white person
gives you the baby and the baby's like
looks at me like I'm a [ __ ] black
monster what the hell is in in baby
language I know what he's saying he's
trying to get away from me so I'm
holding this baby that's trying to get
away this racist baby trying to get away
from me white parents look give you that
creepy look please hold her a little bit
longer yes
you're doing us such a service Jordan
let her struggle when she falls asleep
she won't be racist anymore
well parents I know keep saying oh you
got two dogs you're just practicing for
kids to them I say you're probably a bad
parent you should know the difference
between dogs and kids like that's that's
like day one stuff right like that's
like dogs are way smarter than kids
that's the it's pretty obvious I mean I
here's my proof I own a home I don't own
any outlet covers right they're just
open to the public
cuz my dogs never been like that like
that's never happened I could paint my
outlet and peanut butter my dog would be
like you got to stop this alright you
got to stop meanwhile a child will stick
his finger an outlet get shocked and be
like let me go find a fork like it's
insane how much children love fatal
activities like anything that if you're
a parent you know this to be true your
whole life you just follow your child
around is going don't die don't die
don't die don't die don't die don't die
you can mess him up emotionally but
you're not allowed to let him die like
that's the main rule
if there were an after-school program
where kids could sign up for fatal
activities it would be full immediately
and then empty like a week later because
they're good at what they do dogs are
much smarter than kids here's the
ultimate proof there's never been a
seeing-eye kid right a lot of blind
people a lot of children never no one's
ever been like these two should hang out
like that's never happened if you got a
seeing-eye kid you know what else you'd
have deadlines man that's what else
you'd have and then a child playing next
to a corpse in traffic as cars whiz by
it's dumb head cuz it has no idea I
don't know what age a child finally
becomes smarter than a dog I think it's
like 27 28 I'm not sure when it is but
like even for the parents in the room
like you had to get a babysitter to come
out tonight you have to hire another
child to watch your child what kind of a
Russian doll of irresponsibility is that
why would you trust a child with your
child what
why is 15 the age that suddenly people
are like yeah pick this kid like why I
wouldn't trust a 15 year old with a
child I wouldn't trust a 15 year old
with a shared cell phone plan like why
will you trust them with a child you had
to hire a babysitter to come here
tonight you to make your night about
making sure your kids are cared for my
dogs are home alone right now I don't
care my wife's here with me my dogs are
like I'm four I got this don't sweat it
i just shut down in a lot of weird
situations right like i've been doing
comedy for a while now and i love doing
my favorite job i've ever done and every
now and then though you have like a
really shitty situation that you're not
prepared for right so like pre-pandemic
i got to perform in front of the biggest
audience i ever had which was seven
thousand people true story thank you
seven thousand people thank you thank
you
thank you
then three minutes later i was booed by
seven thousand people
[Music]
i was opening up for a man by the name
of cat williams probably heard of him
yeah he's not here calm down um
right
but if you heard my set not very cat
williamsey and every comic that went up
before me was like dick
 dick
dick dick
 dick ever see a but a
diggity like that's a dick
of the
and i was like i can't talk to girls
and they were like boo
we hate you
now this next part is 100 on me i get
upset by this so i yell back out don't
get mad at me because you never met your
fathers
yeah yeah that's the right reaction uh
then they really hated me they're like
boo
black lives matter except for that
 right there
right so then they're like hey man cat
wants to talk to you i'm like oh great
he's going to choke me out on worldstar
or some right
but i go backstage and he was really
cool about it he goes don't even worry
about it that's just i was like
thank you cat
[Music]
you
I don't even have a car [ __ ] rich guy
over there like ah I'll never know what
that feels like
I Drive a scooter
all right relax thighs all right [ __ ]
she already checked out she's like
scooter by literally literally if there
was a goal here tonight he was like he's
kind of cute that minute I was like I
drive a scooter she's like never mind
that was her she goes [ __ ] it no I'd
rather go make myself throw up in the
bathroom then hear the rest of your
scooter joke shoe you know you're never
gonna need a girl who's like oh my god
you drive a scooter I'd love to suck
your dick that would be amazing is it
outside how about this how about you
take me outside and bend me over your
scooter and [ __ ] me on your scooter I've
always wanted to have sex on a scooter
how many cc's is this 125 so not highway
legal yeah [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of me right
now you know what the worst part about
having a scooter is being stuck at a red
light while homeless man begs for change
I'm just next to him you know
[Applause]
yeah it's hot out here like at least in
the car you can put your head down
pretend to be on the radio like honey
don't make eye contact he'll walk by as
shortly this guy can just walk up and
tap me on the shoulders like hey bro I
can't help you out I'm two tires away
from being you I don't have like a cup
holder full of change
maybe hop on the back I'll take you to a
better intersection sometimes I don't
even beg they just walk up and go I get
it and they walk right by
one of my buddies had a sword collection
did which is weird at 10 years old but I
think it's just weird at any age you
know think if a grown man's like hey you
want to see my sword collection I'd be
like get away from me like ladies if you
go home with a guy and you see a sword
kind of hanging out of his closet just
run just go gonna be in his basement for
the next nine years so he do enough
push-ups to get out of there yeah it was
dangerous too because we weren't even
strong enough to like play with them you
know so I was like what's this one
called like every time we picked up a
sword all his fish in his fish tank were
like oh but I realized like holding a
sword on a very young age that I could
have never survived back then because
cutting someone in half is just totally
disgusting to me I'd be on the
battlefield like Shi Wu I got one you
guys go that's true is there blood on me
from when was the gun invented so I get
so mad when people are like we live in
scary times the world is crazy we live
in scary times do we was the last time
somebody got hit with a sword has anyone
in here lost a loved one to a sword now
scary times when's the last time you
were in Santa Monica and you saw a
thousand Viking ships off in the horizon
everyone's like hey look at all those
boats is that the tour for Malibu wines
but then as they start getting closer
you just see them rowing towards you I
don't know man that guy plays the horn
blue everybody starts freaking out
fighting over the last bird scooter we
gotta get out of here you didn't get one
snail waiting on your rubra founds those
four minutes away look for a silver hot
dog
we can make him some Ryder walks out of
a coffee bean what's all the commotion
flaming arrow to the chest it's a scary
time dude it's always someone at Trader
Joe's who says that you know it's lady
behind me other day she's like with this
with this political climate it's a scary
time I was like yeah nothing says the
dark ages like chocolate-covered walnuts
no one comes over the horizon anymore
you know when your whole day could just
be ruined by one guy on a horse I think
that's the worst job being that guy
that's like way up in the castle just
making sure everything is cool and then
that have been that one afternoon
someone just comes riding over see
bringing a message and then the rest of
his crew comes over you're like no
oh man I don't wanna fight today then he
turns around and gives that speech to
his crew if we die we can we work it out
please should have been a juggler like
my cousin that's who I would be man they
got at the goofy hat just juggling
around the village okay well that makes
you a [ __ ] I'm like yeah see how I have
both my arms you know people think
comedy star try giving that war speech
before every battle can't use the same
material yeah if we die we die an honor
hey he said that last week man guys a
hack
[Music]
you
[Music]
my ex-girlfriend just like to roleplay
you guys have a roleplay here cool one
cool person it was boring as [ __ ] you
suck and stick it in a wait let the Lord
do the work and he [ __ ] around of a
devil acting crap towards the end of my
relationship my ex-girlfriend always
want to roleplay my buddies like yell
it's pretty cool Mike yeah real cool we
can't get through sex without me being
another guy with the [ __ ] it's [ __ ] up
one time she had me playing other guys
she kept playing herself like why the
hell am I getting cheated on and this
[ __ ] dumb ass scenario right now
still going into it Mike are you boys do
seem pretty cool she's like he's a
friend I'm like the foot position it's
[ __ ] up girls always want to do that
wrestling scenario why that's creepy as
[ __ ]
we can either wrestle or I keep my bone
or I can't do both all right ladies why
do you want that she got mad because I
couldn't get in the mood for that I'm
like I'm sorry ladies if you can find a
guy who can wrestle you and keep a hard
boner
that's a rapist so get rid of that freak
alright you should be happy I'm super
soft
it's crazy little one of the girlfriend
you realize things about them didn't
realize how much girls masturbate guys
you know that girls masturbate a ton
just plow their crotch all day that's
why there's stamina sue the ruthless the
roof and they solve the balls to say
guys can't get them off I'm like yeah my
arm should be cramping up to the point
where I'm [ __ ] drinking Gatorade
you're like right there right there I'm
20 minutes later right there I'm like
where the [ __ ] are you right out you
don't know where you are right now this
is [ __ ] should go through vibrators
like their goddamn disposable cameras
I'm like day to this [ __ ] should it be
smoking alright should have to bring
this thing to autozone to get lubed up
alright still talking [ __ ] you don't
know the g-spot is I'm like yet because
you punch in your [ __ ] somewhere you
don't know where the g-spot is don't
blame me is that somewhere up your
[ __ ] back right now she's like it's a
delicate flower down there I'm like the
way you treat that thing it looks like a
boxers eye alright so
that [ __ ] got knocked out whatever like
that is heal skin take care of yourself
please
it carries over because ladies are too
rough with those guys you get a [ __ ]
lately
hey ladies the goal the hand jobs not to
rip it off the man's body I know you're
talking about your women meetings were
like yeah grab it like it's a root in
your grandpa's backyard take it easy on
my little flesh penis all right we don't
speed bag your titties okay so the
liquid supposed to come out of the penis
not my eyeballs all right she's like are
you coming I'm like [ __ ] I'm crying
right now get the [ __ ] out here guys I'm
a teacher thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
huzzah Black Panthers who watched Black
Panther black man of course the black
people did look good got it look Black
Panthers my favorite movie I've ever
seen in my life
I didn't watch it but I'm gonna tell you
why I didn't see it though so I've only
got to see it once and it was at the
premiere
and honestly [ __ ] wouldn't shut up
like they kept talking like [ __ ] shut
up I'm proud to watch the movie I didn't
end up watching it I didn't get to see
it but I tell everyone it's my favorite
movie cuz if you're black you know
that's what you're supposed to say you
love Black Panther you gotta walk around
someone's like black panther you gotta
be like Black Panther they got watched
it Friday watched it boys in the hood
watched it Black Panthers like the three
movies here's here's the thing I like
black panther I think it should have won
an Oscar I'm just kidding it came out
this year she the only one who got it
see the restaurants it's like yeah it
should have won an Oscar yo here's
here's what I always thought was
interesting and I want to propose it to
you sir in the interracial couple oh you
do know you're white though and I'll
explain to you so if we were in a car
and a cop pulled us over I was like get
on the floor [ __ ] you'd look at me
like you better get on the floor like do
it you might know something like officer
actually almost ready you
I'm caught kangaroo you wouldn't do that
you would look at me like this [ __ ]
better get on the foot I bet you change
your accent never be you be like oh no
I'm Stacy like don't play the reason I
brought up this to the interests of less
simple I want to say did you guys go
watch Black Panther another day cuz I
know you're not taking the white girl to
see Black Panther cuz let's say you take
the white girl to go to Inglewood you go
to Inglewood and all the black girls are
looking at you like forever [ __ ] like
it's awkward but what's more awkward
what's more oh yeah yeah you just met I
get it player play yeah you saw the
movie before [ __ ] came out yesterday
make it like what do you mean look let
me explain something to you can't I'm
one of you bro I'm not one of her you
can tell her [ __ ] like no I just need to
use your credit my construction I know
the truth I just woke up what's more
awkward what's more awkward if you took
her to watch Black Panther in Compton or
if you went with her white family to
watch get out
[Applause]
awkward which one's weirder like because
the Black Panthers like Bull Connor
forever but him get out it's like when
the Sun please happens and if her father
reach I was like hey Jamal
[Music]
I like it when girls are dumb not too
dumb I don't want like completely just
you know not you know just walking out
in the middle of traffic and believe I'm
not like irresponsible dumb but I don't
know a lot of [ __ ] I don't care right
sometimes girls get mad when guys say
that oh you like dumb girl what you
intimidated by smart girls like now I
don't really need a smart chick because
here's the thing logically
it's not going to get me late girls like
smarter dudes therefore you need to be
dumber than me if I want to [ __ ] right
if you're smart of me you're not gonna
want to [ __ ] me so you need to be dumb
all right that's just kind of way it
works okay and that's why guys
sexualized women a little bit more than
women sexualized men we hear a lot of
times things like media gets brought up
every couple years it's like young girls
know at a 5 years old 7 years old that
they're seen as sexual objects in the
media blah blah they hear that a lot of
people get pissed off this [ __ ]
[ __ ] and I get it you don't want
people to it's uncomfortable to feel
sexualized when you're not in that mood
but the reason why that happens is
because women like guys that are better
than them right like women attracted to
men that are better than a lot of
different ways like women like guys that
are older than them taller than them
stronger than them smarter than them
makes more money right that makes us
those are attractive qualities in a man
that's cool but that means the guy
you're younger than me shorter than me
weaker than me don't Remy point what is
there to light your ass and titties all
right there you go now you see all right
so two girls are [ __ ] younger shorter
weaker dumber poor guys that jokes gonna
be true don't be mad at me ladies go
[ __ ] the fat six-year-old ballin
homeless get outside all right change
the stereotype you can do it don't be
mad at me
and I got some girls you can laugh that
some girls like [ __ ] you for being right
about this I don't like
it makes sense so I can't argue it but I
don't like it it's difficult to like
make girls happy you know I think girls
don't really understand how much guys
are trying all the time like ears it
like girls I'm it's like I've imagined
just like a game-show wheel and then
there's like 20 million slots on there
and it's like happy sad horny hot cold
whatever crying you know and it's just
like every emotional thing on there and
that thing is just spinning rapid-fire
and the guys like trying to [ __ ] hit
at that [ __ ] with a dart with like his
words he's like okay [ __ ] give me
horny ah [ __ ] dammit
[ __ ] I heard angry story you know
gimme suck my dick now some better
family you know I mean that's why when
girls get drunk that should just slows
down like ruin guys like I can see this
[ __ ] now bugging back then you get in
there
but where's he living in America
nobody's dying of starvation people guys
I'm over eating son CNN recently a calm
hundred pound black woman a 1200 pound
black woman she said nobody dates me
because I have to cut off my skin I
don't think so miss hippo this is
confusing caller with quantity yeah yeah
there's a great demand for 1200 pound
white women
she said she's retaining water
what Pacific she's a waitress at Denny's
[ __ ] then you I didn't walk into the
o'clock in the morning approached by
1200 pound waitress what you gonna say
yes sir can I get you something to eat
yeah is there anything left but she said
she's losing weight now the
old-fashioned way
sex yeah well for me
the actors are sex but running I'm
trying to find it
Brown hundred-pound you wouldn't see me
having sex with her oh I'll have sex
with her but you ain't see me now you
can very much enjoy the rest of that bag
[Applause]
they have any relationships we got here
make some noise if you're in a
relationship how many single people we
got in here I just want to get to know
you guys if I can do it super single
over there this case where the hex I
just got out of a relationship I'm
saying oh man it's awful dating out
there right now it's terrible
I don't even mess around anymore man I
stopped flirting with girls I just made
up my mind recently at a Starbucks I was
at a Starbucks I saw a black dude flirt
with a girl so good that I'm done dude
he just came right up to this girl he
was like hey were you from she was like
I'm from Nicaragua
he was like nice Brazil dude what the
[ __ ]
you know much confidence it takes to be
that wrong I don't have that kind of
game man I can't pull off those kinds of
moves like my geographies - right
somebody recently told me that I don't
look like a guy who's looking for sex
that's some weird [ __ ] to say to
somebody don't ever say that to anybody
pisses me off though cuz it's kind of
true like I don't look like a guy who's
looking for sex I've seen myself I look
like a guy who's looking for the Wi-Fi
password I can't help but I just came
out looking like I ran out of data or
some [ __ ] just my face dating right now
sucks everyone's online dating that's
what they they everybody does man I hate
this stuff I never liked it for me it's
not a new thing like I for me it started
way back I didn't like this since I
don't you guys remember chatroulette
the first tinder if you don't remember
chatroulette basically it was a website
you get on a webcam and then you talk to
somebody completely random and if you
don't like this person you just hit next
and then you get a totally different
random person but it's like always some
dude just jerking off like ever since I
don't know why man it's gross one time I
was on chatroulette and I got this big
naked fat guy just going to war and that
was his face he was like pissed or
something and I was disgusted I was like
ah and I went to hit next but he and
next first
hurt my feelings it was weird I was
disgusted I was like what part of me was
like you didn't even give me a chance
it's [ __ ] up
[Music]
yeah la is definitely different like you
guys as homeless people are real right
they are not laying and nobody warned me
about this uh I was at the bus stop
waiting from my ride and one ran up on
me and goes excuse you man I am me to
scare you I was like you just did that's
like the scare you run up like don't do
that you know he just says young man I
was just wondering how do you that's
really none of your business you know he
just went get dang right none of my
business
I was like did your just shimmy away
from me but like being a kid you don't
really understand how somebody's life
can go that wrong you know it's like I
had to ask him I was like hey man how
this happened to you like what's your
story he just looked at me away we're
just like the International sign for our
about to tell you some okay he goes
man about eight years ago lost my job
wife left me and I'm losing the house I
said dang man I'm sorry to hear that you
know that's rough
yeah so about the past five years I've
been out here blowing dudes for money
with Jesus and more I was like um what
was that last part
you're gonna rush on by like even just
say that I you leave Jesus out of this
my Jesus has nothing to do with that
okay your life as being a growing man I
can't really see how low dudes boo boo
dude is ever a last resort you know like
I know if it was mine a lot of stuff in
my life and not be going on right now
like if my mom needed a heart transplant
and we're talking with the doctor it was
like yeah man we got another heart right
here we switched on now it should be
perfectly fine oh you gotta do is a
little something for me I hate that I
would have to go to my mom and be like
I talked to the doctor yeah so there's
nothing they can do I'm so sorry I've
got to get going I love you have a great
day
you call it like that sure in school
it's okay that's cool at a university oh
it's still school that's cool
the University y'all call University of
is thank you no let us come over here we
get argument what part where you from
awesome Austria well Arnold
Schwarzenegger all right you fought you
to where you just just don't you're from
Germany but hey y'all come together
oh just two [ __ ] countries just
happened to be decided young at a walrus
easy to people beside each other they
like really liked it
what the [ __ ] is in Austria
like what do y'all provide to the world
like if some I said oh man Austria gives
us this what is this this the jungle by
Christmas markets
y'all provide that to the world are you
[ __ ] [ __ ] me right y'all provide
Christmas I'm gonna come back to you
later cuz I don't think you know what
y'all do this
[Music]
it's it's so funny when you live in LA
or New York you forget what it's like to
live in America
it really is Shirin I'll give you this
example my dad my parents are visiting
and a last February and I remember that
specifically and a socket of my dad just
a regular guy and I said see dad this is
why I live in LA middle of February 75
degrees
no howling course it's warm bunch of
queers and my wife is immediately like
you can't let him get away with that you
have to say something say what he thinks
gay people give off heat there's no
argument to have well that's the big if
you watch the news you forget there
aren't two sides to every story
some [ __ ] just is but you always get
that because they have to stretch one
hours worth of news which is about all
it happens during the day and they have
to stretch it out for 24 hours so you
get a lot of two sides of a one-sided
tale you know we're joined now by the
parents of two of the children killed in
the amusement park catastrophe and in
the interest of fairness a spooky weirdo
and army fatigues who thinks dead kids
are hilarious we don't have to listen to
him I don't really think we needed to
talk to him at all
yeah I want to take more risks in life
not crazy risks you know I'm not gonna
skydive or take a Carnival cruise you
know the man
I just want I don't like try new
restaurants those kind of risks there's
a Korean restaurant in my neighborhood
you got you got a minute
and I've been gone by this place for
last six years and I never tried and two
weeks ago I talked some sauce screw it
I'm gonna try to Marisa take her and
guess what
horrible horrible food those Korean
Koreans have a horrible food I think
it's a nail salon during the day or
something out on the hunt talk about
risk you read about this guy last year
he broke the record for skydiving free
fall he went to the Earth's atmosphere
24 miles any free fell for almost 24
miles yeah the helmet he made the suit
he filmed himself this guy was going
fast too he's going faster than the
speed of sound he broke the sound
barrier this guy it's a good thing
parachute open up otherwise that what
about a big mess to clean up they would
have finished cleaning him up then they
would have heard
[Music]
you
my last name's Kim I really wanted my
son to be the leader of the Asian
American people I was gonna name it
Martin Luther Kim that's my first choice
but that was gangsta my second choice
was Abraham Lincoln that's my second
choice I went to a bachelor party in
Vegas and the very next week I took my
wife and my two kids to Vegas same city
two different galaxies all right like
he's married men no all right when you
go to a bachelor party in Vegas it's
like two years with a pardon in two two
days like or the Lord of the Flies yeah
it's crazy you know like it's crazy but
then married men when you when you take
your wife and your kids to Vegas we're
like sad little mermaids after our wife
and kids go to sleep we look at all the
people out there having fun like I want
to be where the people are
I want to see what a silly dancing
they're taking shots and doing that
what's that truck again oh there is my
son he's just laying down let me pick
him up in oh yeah and I'm like I took a
step back you know and then like the way
the Vegas lights were hitting my
reflection looked like I had long hair
and I just you know my wife you know we
had drank wine so it just came out I was
just like and I look back as my wife oh
shoot what are you doing right now you
see Disney it's like midnight there's so
many people having fun and I'm right
there my two-year-old girl she wakes up
she's like daddy let it go I'm a
preacher's kid man I grew up in church
and every year there was a pastor that
gave the guilt sermon you know that
powder you guys grow mature masturbation
is a sin masturbation is of the devil I
try to open up to him go on top pastor I
really struggle with this masturbation
that he was I don't talk about it cuz
he's jerking off to all right exactly
like a grown man I'd never masturbate
are you kidding me
let's take a surveil it makes it some
noise if you're a man and you've you've
never masturbated
thank you very much laughs back to it
but a honest survey I like all you guys
keeping it real kidding me that's why I
hated like church leaders then keep it
real they just preached judgment through
prayers you know prayer is supposed to
be real but instead Oh father God please
forgive those who came late to service
today because their church clothes are
the same as their clubbing clothes Lord
from last night
please forgive those who have a stamp on
their hand and a glow stick in their
pockets
please forgive those who are flip-flops
to the house of God only you were
flip-flops Lord Jesus that was the most
judgmental prayer ever man how about a
real prayer I always wish the high
school kid kept it real in front of my
you know my dad's church was huge right
I always was like a high school kid went
up there father God I know on the praise
leader and the Bible study leader Lord
I'm really sorry I masturbated this week
God sorry is every day this week Lord
there's a batting average would be a
thousand percent Lord Lord they used to
rap Playboy magazines with plastic but
now with the internet the only security
question they ask you is are you a teen
who is clicking no on this Lord
with Ernie honest seventeen-year-olds in
front of the computer saying one more
year just one more year till honest poor
Lord this is the worst you a security
measure in history honestly is
everything happen for a reason okay
first of all how about the little things
all right when you're home alone and you
stub your toe all right nobody's around
and you stub your toe and for two
minutes you're just like ah when the
pain goes away you're like okay what was
the point of that god I'd understand
there's two minutes I'll never get back
why in ninth grade I slipped and fell on
my face in front of all my friends all
right I wouldn't just fall out with
laughing like I don't tell my Brent to
get a fake all right either fake my mom
was like cool taqueria cuz it's cheaper
don't ever go cheap on your teeth all
right these are permanent fixtures in
your mouth my friends took me to my
first rave you know techno club all my
other teeth were glowing is ever these
two teeth right here made in Korea right
I didn't know oh my god on ecstasy's
crazy everything happens for a reason
duh
my friends are like close your mouth bro
what the hell's wrong with your mouth
[Laughter]
why did that happen
it is what it is and the last of five
kids or I got two older brothers tool
two sisters they're all tears apart I'm
the fifth I'm 10 years apart from my
next brother I'm the last so I remember
in sixth grade I feel like an accident
you know some of us you know some of you
guys feel like an accident you know I
remember in sixth grade I went to my dad
I'm an accident he said there are no
accidents in God's kingdom only regret
kids cost so much money
we're trying to do Burbank and like
every year these high school kids are
what there's this steakhouse and these
kids take the letter G off of Black
Angus Steakhouse and it says plan a in a
steakhouse I think I cracked up you know
I'm always like you're still immature
you think that's funny I'm like because
it keeps happening and you know the
owner is like all can how many times if
everything happens for a reason
oh yeah this big storage room full of
big guys liturgies is do it myself
Danis America people know when you're
married it exposes everything exposes
all your weakened you think you can hide
they all of married men have some secret
stash somewhere some kind of addiction
it's gonna come out I've been there for
10 years
it's gonna come out but what I don't
know man we always need to like have
some hidden addiction or something I was
thinking what if two months later in our
closet my wife uncovers a blanket she
finds all these big liturgies baby it
was you were so good what are you doing
sick joke is this every time like a
commune says something like edgy
uncomfortable like people always like
reach further drink anytime people feel
comfortable you're not gonna come here
for a while like I always look from up
there in the back like especially when
we have like two Asian comedians in a
row people always get all weird I like
what
I'm gonna have like two white black
Latino comedians I don't know what he
cares you know you have to which means
this racist ass well guys always leave
bagging the white people lead forward
they go
honey did you check the website
dimensions and or is this patient right
I don't want to go out with the website
maybe bought me two Asian night the guy
sounds like don't worry babe he's not
gonna do like stereotypical she's not
gonna have a bad accent oh but I will
miss buying that one white couple I look
straight at there I go I know you don't
like when I hate that I have I try to it
just I cannot find a night I've been
hosting this Township called
collaborations we've had all different
types of performers over the years you
know we've had Asian rappers come out
but the thing is Asians are so quiet and
self-conscious you know and we don't
really participate we've had Asian
rappers come with that like put your
hands up put your hands up put your
hands up sometimes we don't have a
single hand in the air you know we've
had shows with two thousand people
everybody's like I don't want to be the
owner
if you do it I'll stay there take your
hands down hands down your one-two-three
to the boat I was the only Asian in my
elementary school gonna I got my foot up
every day to eat rice every day are you
gonna eat a pet dog oh can I plan for
you a dental floss
ahahahahahahaha does I only come back to
Asian parents named their kids by
throwing spoons against the wall ching
chong ching chong ha ha ha ha some of
you guys said it hmm I'm not mad I'm a
man all kids make fun of each other all
right it'd be the same thing we're all
the same if it was Korea and there was a
thousand elementary school kids and
there was one new my kid there'd be a
group of kids go around come here come
here come here
dude bread everyday come here can I
blindfold you with a blindfold
point being we're all the same right
stop hating each other fighting each
other so you guys laugh but the thing is
the cruel thing is I'm using broken
English because we're so ethnocentric it
the the reality is you guys are you guys
don't have to laugh at this the truth
scene would be like this yeah not so
funny huh not so funny not so funny if
you're that kid right because you're
like how long is this bit gonna go it's
hard when you the only Asian kid all
right you know because kids in America
trade food it's a beautiful thing except
when you're the only one kids can you
have a capri-sun
I have a Fig Newton you want a trade
let's trade yeah that's true it's hard
to trade food you're the only one with
kimchi spam squid octopus and seaweed
and there's tentacles sticking out of
your lunch your friends are picking up
snails off the ground would you eat this
I'll trade you this trade your snail for
your octopus shut up I likes new okay
crunchy fear of fact there's nothing for
us
Hardman ma you got a beautiful girl see
back in the day we were always put at
the bottom Asian men people you don't
recognize I like Peter this is before
America's Best Dance Crew I don't know
why we dominated that show you guys know
MTV's America's Best Dance Crew we said
he danced like his homework or something
I don't know what we calculated the
algorithm and we frigging every season
we dominated that show what's up
Jabbawockeez yeah you know what's up
yeah dude this is one night this is one
I knew this is what I knew things start
to change because I was an airport in
the Midwest and this cute little white
kid you know he came up to me because I
just had my head shake he he was like
aren't you with Jabberwocky oh my I'm
gonna light a little kid so I looked him
straight in the eyes I took off my mask
I said yes I am
repeat after me all Asian men all Asian
men have large penises ready go Tim go
spread it but that's the thing man like
we were always back in the day we were
put at the bottom back in the day for
you know off non Asian women it was
always like white black Latino vibrator
Asian guy right here that's what we were
all right for non Asian woman's like
white black Latino vibrator other woman
solitaire minesweeper cooking cleaning
changing a flat tire
celibacy Asian guy right there it's not
about size is about surprise hahahaha
you start small and bam we do math quick
[Music]
luckily for us there are people in this
country who care about the weight
problem and by that I mean my nemesis of
all-time Tyra Banks this is why I hate
Tyra Banks it's a logical argument so
please hear me out
she used to have two television shows
one of them was a talk show where two or
three times here's what she did she put
on a fat suit and she got followed
around with a camera trying to raise
awareness for how difficult is to be
overweight in America today which on the
surface sounds like a noble thing to be
doing right but here's the thing she is
a super model that has another show
making more supermodels she's part of
the [ __ ] problem that would be like a
hunter putting on a deer suit trying to
raise awareness for how difficult it is
to be a deer hi my name is Philip damn I
put this here deer see you don't try to
walk around in the future the hubs and
fatir for her day she was like to beat
there's you know what I'm saying
Everett any way you shooting me it's me
Phil up there Oh dad I thought you as
well as of dears
well how many deers you know stand up on
their hind legs wearing a hunting vest
talking to a goddamn TV camera how many
do you know [ __ ] zero
well one now but up until about a minute
ago you knew zero
put that damn bong-gun down scoop from
the front I don't know what it means
either anyway like I was saying I had no
idea get it no idea
he'll [ __ ] I love me a good pun how
difficult it was to beat these nowadays
walking around looking all delicious and
says everywhere I go people are staring
at my rack I was down here fellas I was
down here I got a brain you know God Lee
Everett do it you sit me up you've done
sumbitch now super - damn I'm getting us
off at fulfill it appealability reopened
over
what the hell you say feel dying to me
it sounded like you said you want me to
put a bottle rocket in my pee pee hole
and shoot it in your mouth well hell no
that's not what I said first of all it
don't sound safe for neither one of us
between the gunpowder and the kickback
you proud to give yourself a urinary
tract and fish lives had these new
crowns put him Hey what I said was and
which word em oh god guys I'm fanfare
villain villain gunner to zero hey
what's that feel dying you want me to
put on some REO Speedwagon so we can
slow dance and check each other for
testicular cancer where the hell are you
getting these words man if that is
practical advice for any man between the
ages of 1837 she'd be checking his nut
bag for lumps every six to eight months
you got to roll them rabbit softly Lenny
don't be to ruffle to marry and your
daughter him like REO Speedwagon upper
slow dancing I like it for fast answer
but if I want to be slow dance number to
be slow dancing didn't one of the
magical songs of the Dirty Dancing
soundtrack the first one not about it
by the time of my life it's a beautiful
sound overload that's a good zone but my
favorite song slow danced you would have
to be by the lake great Patrick Swayze
she's like the wind she leaves me the
moonlight on it to burn me with the Sun
she's taking my heart she doesn't know
what she do that's why I hate Tyra Banks
you guys been a lot of fun enjoy the
race each other
I get that I look like a golden
retriever became a real boy it's fine
let's just get that out over I look like
I look like that sweet pup got called a
good boy one too many times and then BAM
actual boy my parents like we wanted we
wanted a dog I guess we have a son let's
just raise him the exact same yeah I'm a
[ __ ] golden retriever of a human
being of course I got hit by a car I
just I'm just in life for the good pets
and like I want to be friends with
everyone like I will not do
confrontation at all I won't do it like
recently I was in the loop just walking
around someone held someone held open a
door to a building I wasn't going into
but I just [ __ ] went in anyway I was
like out this is where I belong thank
you
thank you so much I'm uh I'm from
Colorado originally if you guys couldn't
smell that by now you guys were like no
[ __ ] you look like if Thor came down to
earth and found a bomb before he found
his hammer yeah last time I was home in
Colorado I to marijuana infused baklava
before trying to get before trying to
get on an airplane you're only supposed
to have one but they're just so darn
good sad too and I think the key word in
that sentence was tried to get on an
airplane when you get to the front of
the line at the TSA checkpoint they have
a question for you and it is sir where
are you traveling today and let me tell
you you got a [ __ ] nail it like you
cannot you can't get that wrong at all
and this woman was like sir where are
you traveling today and I was just like
[Music]
yes I should have known there's a
there's a sign in downtown Denver that
reads don't let an edible ruin your
vacation and it's paid for by the
Colorado Tourism Board how do you that
that means there was a government
meeting about pot brownies you guys I
mean like how did that go they were like
sitting there they're like I think they
got like a care package it's like a
little too much caring and they're like
holy [ __ ]
what was in that bottle of my vacation
has been ruined
what do you mean I live here permanently
put a billboard downtown right now I
think that's like a step in the right
direction no it's not one of those
marijuana ads we grew up with or it's
like a dude frying an egg and then he
like turns to his beagle and he's like
this is your brain on pot and then like
a library explodes out of nowhere and
then that voice comes out as like
marijuana
not even once and they're like holy [ __ ]
that was that's [ __ ] trippy for an
anti pot Camaros well I got
I'm gonna take a bong rip and watch that
again okay I like that I like that I
like that voice a lot like marijuana
not even once or like ESPN was brought
to you by deodorant you know I like
doing that voice that's fun for me it
feels kind of do it on the throat I
think that guy I think that guy has a
shady [ __ ] life I could you could you
imagine like you work at a pizza place
and you pick up the line they're like
hello Papa raised and I'm gonna line you
here like a
hello I would like a meatlovers pizza
you just be like
[Applause]
[ __ ] kids are terrified
and they'd just be at home like oh I am
so hungry
that was horrible just sighing like that
was not okay but could you imagine being
at a Starbucks and from behind you hear
like a this line is so long like how the
[ __ ] did you do that I just pooped my
pants how did you do that to me
that was amazing he's never had a
one-night stand go well at all did you
imagine like you wake up in the morning
you're a little drunk you're like and
like from behind you you're just like a
good morning sunshine they just [ __ ]
punch that guy and get the [ __ ] out of
it
[Music]
people say I'm supposed to be going to a
midlife crisis doesn't feel like it
though got a new house new car dating a
woman half my age feels more like a bit
like Christmas far as I can see where is
the crisis it's only a crisis if you
can't pull it off then it's a crisis I
recommend that for everybody to at some
point your life you must date someone
half your age of course some people kind
of young you gotta wait to you the
proper age before you try and do it you
know do it too soon that's against the
law
you know you have to wait until you
reach the proper level of maturity
before you start making them mature
dating choices in America young women
are hard the hard I deal with cuz they
all want thugs you know these young
women bought out their [ __ ] minds
don't know who the [ __ ] dick has no
idea they want a thug I asked the girl
cuz I'm not a thug I missed that whole
[ __ ] thing you know I went out got a
job and you'll make money I don't have
to [ __ ] [ __ ] out talking this dog
[ __ ] it's ridiculous I asked the girl
while she likes to thought she's like
well you know if you go out with
somebody you won't be with somebody that
can handle themselves some [ __ ] get
started look at her like she's crazy
don't you know the third is the one
starting all the [ __ ] [ __ ] you dating
a [ __ ] enemy she want to know which
gun to stay over here I'm protected by
his gun not me no thugs me I missed that
whole third thing and the girl I'm
dating now is white sisters got a little
problem with it
my sisters so funny you know she was
cool with it she found out that the girl
I'm dating always dates black men for my
sister I was a deal breaker she's like
come here I want to talk to a second
doesn't that bother you that she always
days black men don't bother you and I'm
sitting there thinking why would that
bother me I'm always gonna be a black
man what's too bad
mad at her I give her points for loyalty
and dedication
and I don't know if anybody ever been in
a long-distance relationship before but
it's tough you know selfie because my
girl she lives far away like really
really far
she lives in the future so and she's
[ __ ] somebody today but so I'm single
I get that uh I'm single as [ __ ] getting
older man I'm thinking about a lot of
stuff do not think about dating just
turned 30
you know just I'm 30 a few months ago
and I felt like when you get to know the
age of 30 you have a stop with your
childish ways you know stop with some of
the immature things used to do I hate
the fact that I'm 30 years old and I'm
still ticklish like I thought I was
gonna change on my 30th birthday like no
grown man kept uncontrolable giggles
before I get out here I will say this
that uh you know I figured out we lose
our imagination I'd be having regular as
dreams my dream be regular should I have
a dream by work bills money like out of
this recklessly another day I had a
dream that I woke up made breakfast
clocked in the word cursed out my boss
clocked out came home made dinner just
to realize none of that really happened
like I do that for real the only reason
I knew it was a dream and they don't
even have a job why that's tough
[Music]
I fantasize about becoming a superstar
right I was like this is one of my
favorite guys look is one of favorite
guys I can sound just like a watch ready
oh shut a yeah sounds exactly like
t-pain unless you're a little older if
you're older it sounds like do you
believe in love
sounds like TV dude
sureiy yeah you rub that dude you
touched yourself it was awesome Ryan's
it now you know without auto-tune he
sounds exactly like me
what if you go to the crazies concert
the curtain comes up it's been me the
whole time private oh girl you looking
so sweet tonight
and I just wanna make sweet love to you
it's a nerd dream cuz I could say things
into this I can't say in my normal life
I watch oh hey girl do you wanna go on a
date it doesn't work watches oh girl
gimme that booty that works this thing
does other voices I'm gonna find where
all my nerds are just by doing this
voice is so nerdy ready here we go
domo arigato mr. Roboto
Oh your nipples are hard admit it dude
this thing is what transformers more
than meets the eye
I just transformed from a dude to a
crouching kid I could be like a one-man
band where this is the best
I'll be busting out my nose look I like
it
unlike you I love you I love you guys
thank you so much have a good one
what's your name by the way dude you
what's your name
RG RG OD now what does that mean a great
[ __ ] answer do you like it - cool name
yeah if my name was our demon I would
say our game all right
okay take it easy okay my name is Adam
you know I've never thought to be like
hmm just one of the origin to that our
Gina our game oh yeah
why don't know if there's that many end
to that our game take it easy to do if
you look like you're naked [ __ ]
Cameron all right for sure you've never
met an R game before either so don't act
like you just all this under like no no
it's R Gean used to play [ __ ]
hopscotch together back in [ __ ] San
Diego what is your name
give me a hook is it Cameron or is it in
the vicinity of Cameron if you get two
tickets scream louder next time that'd
be great it's not like they're
definitely yell louder because you're
not what is it
if this one the game show like how wide
is he
Bret would be like yeah that would
probably be my answer that when you pass
but Cameron would be in there like
somebody would be like cami but then
Brett would be the home run answer our
game so you've never thought to be like
I want to find out what that means you
can't just give it to you just relax it
looks like an R game we don't know what
it [ __ ] means I hope he never tries
to find out
[Music]
it's an old name in your coaching oh
yeah it sounds like it's got some legs
you know who knows there could be
there's two different ways this name
could go you know it gives me like our
game could be like you know powerful
strength you know like just you know
aggressive you know beast who takes
charge of situations and knows how to
handle themselves this he's ever in a
social circle and somebody makes an
awkward racist joke and you can always
you know make the party you know go up a
notch by softening the blow of the
racism by also adding some cool dance
moves you know that could all be
packaged into your name put that again
you know for me like you know cereal
anal rape or you know I'm saying like I
said there's definitely two things that
you could be sizes are game it's very
ambiguous to me right now
our Dean and Brett what does the what's
Britney lacrosse in Spanish what do you
do Brett Wow what a [ __ ] look at you
just taking your dick out right in the
middle of the show just through your
pants just didn't even talking just
didn't even take the zipper down just
grab it through and [ __ ] grabs it
through the back and was like what voted
for us talking dick through my back in
my pants
Wow human and how's that funding working
up here you wake up every day be like
what a great [ __ ] call
ah that was dude right [ __ ] you're
you're [ __ ] making a lot of strong
choices these days
you got that new Colgate whitening
enamel if you pay I'm sorry you don't
talk but I feel like you have a lot of
friends you do you did go for Trump
we need hey whatever you're the one to
go I said what are you doing you go
I voted for Trump you're the [ __ ] guy
that made the conversation weird man
you could have been like well you know
I'm just I'm going to in between jobs
you play the clarinet would have been a
respectable answer some weird facts from
the 90s you know you could be a dick
blink 182 pin would love to see them in
concert someday but no you were just
like I bought her Tom and that's [ __ ]
all the slices of bacon 12 is crazy he's
running out of things to say though
Johnny had a crazy she's promising so
much stuff he's not going to follow
through on everything I did every time
doing it they you like but they do this
the theme song from Robin oh that's
Brian Adams picture plagiarizing right
now everything I knew I disapprove you
that would be great though that would up
his likability factor if you can start
inserting nineties lyrics and always
pitch it to if you want to be a 911 you
gotta get with my friends you know I'm
saying like this alright I'm listening
going alright my name is a Debray enjoy
the rest of show thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I have a brother who's a born-again
Christian it's as awesome as it sounds
if he sends me Bible quote text messages
all the time I don't know who the
fallopian czar but they're killing it in
the Bible he's up to a lot of good stuff
he asked me to do a comedy show in the
basement of his mega church mega church
my least favorite transformer of them
all are that when you got make a church
for Christmas and you're like I don't
even like transformers anymore I'm gonna
start fingering girls right
that's my pressure the coolest kid ever
I don't want that transformer I'm gonna
start finger blasting but yeah my
brother told me to do a comedy show in
the basement and my brothers never see
me do copy goes you'll be fine
there was a guy right where you were and
he hated the whole show like he had his
arms folded and he was like oh like you
okay right and I have a chip on my
shoulder so when I see that in my head
I'm like oh you don't like what's
happening right now huh well guess what
I'm gonna drive this show into the
 ground
so I was thinking in my head like what
can I ruin this guy's world with so I go
I go I was hanging out my buddies the
other day my one buddy's like hey you
know how the last song or while having
sex and I was like I know please tell me
and he goes you think about baseball
that's a thing but you think about
baseball that way takes your mind off of
things and then you last longer while
having sex the only problem was I don't
know anything about babies
right like the last time I played
baseball was Little League and I'm
having sex with a woman and I think
about eight-year-old boys I'm gonna come
in like two seconds right
you guys liked it better than they did
[Music]
I'm getting older now so I'm like I'm
kind of into Cougars and [ __ ] I didn't
know I was into Cougars until my aunt
buy her friends over damn she can get it
and I'm from Orange County so my friends
they took me to this cougar bar out
there I don't know if you've been there
it's called Foxfire ah it's a real
cougar bar you walk in that thing
it smells like Chanel and bengay they
should change the name to like forever
41 it was a chirp I was having a good
time you know I was in their party then
the weed kicked in then when you're high
you always notice [ __ ] you always notice
stuff I was like damn the whites have
Cougars the blacks have Cougars even the
Asians got Siberian tigers but Mexicans
we don't have Cougars we got old ass
cholos I'm not a cougar I'm a super got
the
I seen one she was fine but she smelled
like Aqua Net you know when you're
buzzed you're like kind of confident
yeah sounds like what's up man hey how
old are you she was like I'm 50 yeah I
was like [ __ ] they're almost as old as
the speed limit man it's time to slow
down come on
but she was cool man she was hot she
look young she was a real chola - like a
real East LA bull of her nights American
me maybe the look all those [ __ ]
movies and one alright dude every time
she would talk she would Ryan like a
little bouncing [ __ ] we're at the bar
she's like so what's the deal happy meal
like I had McDonald's on my mind you
know I was like what's the haps bacon
wraps we went outside we're smoking a
cigarette she's a passed a lighter
street fighter here you go don't sweat
it ball hit it
there's too many bad jobs man like I
feel like every job you should be
allowed to call in well you know like
hey boss I just woke up today and I was
feeling really good about myself so I'm
gonna come to this friggin place today
[Music]
[Applause]
like all these weird symptoms like a
lightness in my heart corners of my
mouth keep pointing up I don't want to
affect the rest of the crew you know you
like Tony where a man take the day off
beat some shitty food watch the news
check Facebook 45 times tomorrow you're
gonna wake up forget you have a soul
we're gonna get a lot of work done it's
gonna be tired thank you
that means a lot coming from you
[Laughter]
we go way back I walked by you on my way
off and that's why I don't understand
why people are all worried like they're
like oh the machines are coming though
they're gonna take all our jobs it's
like dude let them I would try to whole
lot of these things man me to let go it
is if I was running for president I'd be
like yo if you vote for me I promise you
I'm gonna get unemployment up to 95
percent that's right the machines are
coming everybody's still out crimes
gonna go down if you've been convicted
of a felony you get sentenced to a nine
to five all right all you've been found
guilty on four counts of breaking and
entering
i'ma sentence you to wake up at 6 a.m.
every day drive an hour through traffic
to a place you don't care about so you
can email some people that you don't
know for a company I've no passion for
good memories not gonna get you off
early but it might get you a gift card
to Applebee's
[Applause]
Jarrid would have to actually work at
Subway
he's not allowed to go near the babies
minutes since the rules baby is just I
was making fun of people with crystals
earlier I got one oh I can't talk man I
was raised by a single New Age mom so I
was raised less like a boy more like a
vibration
you know school be like mom and I put
this spoon in the microwave she be like
what's your heart tell you I think it's
telling me to steal money from your
wallet just like a feeling but a screen
I'm trying to become a man now you know
I was raised by a single New Age mom so
I got weird ways you know I got cut out
pictures of real men put him on my
vision board you know trying to put the
man in manifest
I think it's tight like identify however
you want to identify like this whole
movement that's great man but there's
one thing that makes me insecure with
all of it is like with someone born with
the vagina wants to become a man cuz
it's like I was born with the penis and
I'm still trying to become a man you
know no don't beat me still
transitioning to girl
my mom said her body a couple years ago
yeah that's the hippy way to say she's
dead so what's up okay [ __ ] it yeah
she's no longer here it's yeah she
wanted her ashes spread in this lake and
you need to get a permit to spread
someone's ashes we're like nah [ __ ] that
we're not gonna do that
so we snuck her in and it turns out it's
way easier it's think people into places
where they can fit into a jar it's
pretty tired I could have gotten to all
the clubs when I was young if I could
fit into a jar man yo cremate me dog
let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
man anybody here I mean I know there's
plenty but born and raised in Chicago
your whole life I wouldn't hurt my whole
life I don't know if you guys have this
but like I realized recently like
growing up in Chicago and living here
from my whole life has caused me to
gradually become numb to the distant
sound of human screams company wheels
has that like not like a cry for help
I'll respond to that but does that get
distant like it was like hey [ __ ] you I
don't even notice those anymore
looks like ambience white background
noise like a soundscape alarm clock but
like a babbling brook like and I'm going
to bed at night and my windows open I
don't hear any screams I'm just like
[ __ ] is the whole city dead yeah my the
last one
why's nobody screaming I realize like my
defense it's Nev you to it over the
summer my cousins are saying my place
there in town from Ohio in my apartment
it's a grunt okay first of all my
apartment is a dumpster and it's not
even on look like a garden units a
ground floor it's like you just walk
straight click the sidewalks were
outside the front window
so we're hang out drinking beers my
front room windows were open some guy
walked by and screamed and I even
noticed at all my cousins from Ohio like
oh my god I said what he is you guys
talking about okay well cause I was like
oh my god this man just screamed how did
you
ready to window house like okay cool
check this out
did any of his spit it into your mouth
no then [ __ ] calm down alright
nothing happened
welcome to city you [ __ ] dorks
[Applause]
[Music]
my go this gym across street called
crunch fitness you guys heard about this
gym in dealing with a gym I didn't know
that when I joined by the way and then
now I know let me tell you something I
enjoy that totally that gym is so gay
they only have a back door um I know I'm
just saying you go into this you go into
the shower and the soap holders on the
floor where's Penn State so I well you
guys don't like state schools if there's
a DJ you are the gym we here big guy
right yeah Brad like well it's [ __ ]
manly gyms right
everyone's only lightly oiled right
crunch dudes all these gay guys just
hanging out in the lobby 9:00 in the
morning [ __ ] DJ spinning Justin
Bieber [ __ ] rocking it out baby baby
and we just dance all these gay guys
with Marty's and glowsticks [ __ ]
happy gay guys are always so [ __ ]
happy and them have [ __ ] jobs which
proves ladies but rich you can be if you
don't spend money on [ __ ] dinner
movies condoms so
you go to the smoothie bar man guy back
there's dancing hey buddy I'm doing the
Molly Ringwald's check that [ __ ] out hey
buddy
you want a smoothie yeah dude I'll have
a smoothie cool bro
do you want a protein boost oh no
come on it's organic shut the [ __ ] up
even wearing out good-looking guy nice
smiling workout every gay guy just stare
you down bro it's a complex ox
particularly when the guy is super hot
right you know how that big your ass
pucker a few times you ever have that
happen
you'll work your buys turning by go from
furious to fabulous you're so well angry
like dude I'm trying to work out [ __ ]
bro
actually has been a tough time recently
some family stuff my my uncle just got
busted for sucking really small dicks
yeah they gotta he was my favourite
uncle actually he was and he taught us
how to masturbate actually he didn't
touch us or anything like that
he uh he just stood up and jerked off
into the fire at this party I want you
to say anything was his party you know
sometimes you just got to sit there and
be a Christian but in his defense my
uncle's had a lot of issues in his life
he used to masturbate in his sleep so uh
I'm not joking so they made him wear
these jingle bells on his wrist
I'm not joking but but some nights you
would hear him in the other room dashing
through the snow you know what I'm
saying
you know what this is my last year
wearing skinny jeans y'all yeah man can
we stop wearing skinny jeans and women
can y'all stop giving us [ __ ] for guys
that's wearing skinny jeans there's
nothing sexy about bringing a woman home
bringing her into your bedroom and
whispering in her ear like a baby you
think you can put these pants legs over
them over the heel of my foot once I get
up these pants legs you gonna get it I
hate this man you know what it was for
me I don't know why I point at you but I
did so just live with it I was I was on
sunset sunset and fair face and this
homeless guy came up to me he's like a
young brother yeah you got any spare
change oh yes like nah man ain't got
nothing he was like this pool there's
two quarter these little pocket right
there I can't get those two quarters you
little party huh my god it's
embarrassing my won't get your lymph
nodes check why yeah yes this is so bad
I do this to look cool that's the only
reason I'm wearing skinny jeans it's the
only reason I wear glasses also because
my glasses make me look safe they do
it's a true fact I'm gonna give you all
the perfect example hold on so I'm gonna
take my glasses off and look at y'all
like this I look like this angry black
guy on stage but I'm gonna keep this
face and put the glasses on now it looks
like I'm thinking about something
[Applause]
this is for you all
[Music]
when you're in a relationship first of
all who's anybody heard a relationship
longer than six months anybody together
with somebody longer than six months top
yes dude you know then you know this is
true make sure you always watcher to
make sure you say you take my breath
away
not you suck the life out of me when
you're single you get a booty call
all right when you're married you get a
moody call right same words different
attitude you're singles like what are
you doing who are you with Britt condo
I'm on my way I'm almost there I'm
driving and they try to catch aniline
really you're almost here huh what exit
sign do you see right now I don't know
it's blocking I can't cry is it truck in
the way I'm sorry your friends the
Columbia right the background they have
people talking music oh my god you just
drink clothes no I'm not I was driving
it's all stripper radio station it just
popped up on the XM radio - it's called
Kate Pole
a couple years ago I was on America's
Got Talent
and I thank you yeah I lost in the
second round to a juggler and you never
really get over that but I got on
because of my hearing age of course oh
my god if you have a disability they
love that [ __ ]
oh my god they eat that up they were
like here you Nate get in here I was
like yeah I do comedy too they were like
yeah just bring the hearing aids will
figure it out I'll figure it out they
loved it they wanted me to cry they
explicitly asked me during the interview
portion never liked it you could cry
that would really help a staff and I was
like I'm not gonna cry I'm happy life's
great and they said we'll see the
interview started they were like so tell
us about your sad sad life with hearing
aids and I was like pardon
I said no for real though I'm happy
can't stress that enough life's great
and they said we're gonna go with the
juggler he's got ten kids he immigrated
from Romania he cries on command this
guy's got it going on man
I get it right they want they want the
pity that's what sells they want
disability pity I don't do the pity
thing you know I wear hearing aid but
I'll still bang your girl you know what
I'm saying that's a pro disability joke
we should all feel good about that one
I'm actually married she doesn't love
that joke but she knows I'm an artist I
love being married man she's great
beautiful woman I'm I'm the first guy
with hearing that she's ever been with I
think I've never asked I don't want to
know I'd be jealous if I found out I was
and you know like just tell me one thing
was he was he defi than me what kind of
hearing that did he wear
with my luck she be like oh he didn't
wear it here tonight he was full of
death David he misheard me in ways you
can't even dream of she's got a good
though I take my hearing aids out when
we sleep she can fire all night long for
real that's huge she gets a little
carried away though I'm like you know I
can still smell good come on you know my
other senses are heightened but since I
take my hearing aids out when we sleep
pillow talk is a lot different you know
there's no casual transition from
talking into sleeping like when the
hearing aids come out talking time is
over sleeping time has begun
we even have a little ritual we do now
where before I take him out I'll make
like a last call hey baby got any final
thoughts on the day any closing remarks
I'm about to shut this [ __ ] down not all
fun and games she said something to me
recently they kinda shook me I'd never
even thought of it she said when we go
to sleep at night when you take your
hearing aids out I feel alone I feel
very alone I was like woah alone baby no
you never alone don't ever forget that
I'm right there beside you and if
anything happens in the middle of the
night anything at all I need you to save
me okay you're not alone don't ever
forget that
when you do so bad in fact I'm gonna
need you to start sleeping with your
contacts in please we're very vulnerable
right now I take out my hearing aid you
take out your contacts as a unit we've
gone full Helen Keller right that's not
good thank you very much laughter thank
you
[Applause]
[Music]
I build milady for years a lot of times
you see single people say that they want
relationships you don't really want
relationships you like the idea of a
relationship you can't handle a
relationship because you don't know what
real love is real love is not what you
see on the internet been posting
pictures of each other he loved me he
posted a picture that's not love let me
savor real love is real love is will you
wake up next to your spouse and your
spouse is in a good mood and then being
in a good mood
[ __ ] your mood up that's what love is
you have a wake up your girl is like ah
good morning my king you like why is she
still alive
I could've swore I prayed for her demise
last night
CS Walker I'm here healthy is a goddamn
horse real love isn't yo spa's wakes up
with the morning breath and you sit
there and take it how was your night I
slept so good you didn't snore it
nothing it was cool - my brows got burnt
off just then that's what the [ __ ] love
is these couples break up too fast a lot
of new love relations just break up over
small [ __ ] I can't believe you liked her
pictures on Facebook
get your PlayStation ok the [ __ ] out my
house you know oh we move in with us a
Playstation and a former girl anyway so
what happens well you've been a
relationship long enough y'all ain't
breaking up this couple y'all been
together long last time ain't [ __ ] gonna
break them up couples who've been
together look 10 20 30 years they ship
breaking them up you could give them
most horrible situation and they gonna
make it through here's an example go
ahead tell me so uh she say she keeping
it
how far along is she
[Music]
wellhe three now thinking I'll let you
know what's going on oh [ __ ]
the actually others would come live with
us so treat him like he's y'all
[Music]
you
I'm from Venezuela guys thank you is
that where first date yeah I'm from
Venezuela but ever since I moved to
California I became Mexico because
that's what happens through every if
you're latina you move to California to
become Mexican I didn't know that until
I went to the DMV to get my license I've
had the application under Latino there
only two options
it was Mexicans and then other Mexicans
I once again in the window me I'm not
messing in the guys I broke it so we got
here man back online of the Mexican
people's ask me stupid questions about
Venezuela to like this guy came up to me
the earth day say hey man because I
thought they traced it over there I'm
like I think come from the past [ __ ]
it's not Back to the Future it's not I
when I moved to us somebody turn our
life and I was like
did you create fire are you a wizard
milord
of course electricity Venezuela Mondays
and Thursdays
I just got done with a worldwide tour I
got to go to Iraq and Afghanistan to go
entertain our troops a couple months ago
[Applause]
am i an American Hero
[ __ ] yeah I am cuz they didn't tell me
where I was going
they just called me up like you want to
go on a USO tour I was like hell yeah
alright pack your bag grab your passport
and get on this plane and that's on that
plane flight 14 hours I was like worth
what we going we went over an ocean a
jungle and then we landed in a desert
and I got in the tent there's a map of
Iraq on the wall I have a flak jacket
and a helmet and 14 dick jokes you guys
450 miles from the Syrian border I
released my Hannah go I don't to be here
anymore
and then I heard a loud explosion I go
what's that he goes we're firing
artillery at Isis I'm like they're
[ __ ] here they're here and then my
cell phone started ringing because
apparently Sprint only works in the
middle of Iraq four bars crystal-clear
calls streaming Netflix I answer the
phone my brother's calling me in the
middle of it artillery shelling fifty
miles from this city bore my brothers
three and a half years old at me and I
was like hey what's up you say where are
you at ago you're not gonna believe this
[ __ ] I'm in Iraq I'm 50 miles from the
Syrian border and this is what he says
he goes if you get captured by Isis and
they put you in a cage don't cry like a
little [ __ ] of all the times you can
cry like a little [ __ ] that's the
[ __ ] time
do you know the number of tragic events
that have to happen for me to get
captured by Isis the plane crashes I
survive Isis shows up gunfight I have no
[ __ ] gun and give up immediately they
put me in a cage and I'm like whoa I
can't cry like a little [ __ ]
and after a week in the cage the ISIS is
like he is very brave he has not tried
one time would you like to be an Isis
but now we will kill you all right I'll
be an Isis then there's just a picture
of me in the newspaper like
all my buddies from high school like
deer gars and Isis what the guy from
drama club that [ __ ] guy's a nice
weird I left there and they sent me to
Djibouti Africa if you're not familiar
with Djibouti it's next to Jamal's okay
Djibouti is next to Ethiopia it is right
on the equator of our globe I got off
the plane at 1:00 in the morning and the
current temperature in Djibouti was 419
degrees and the humidity [ __ ] all of
it
thousand percent humidity I asked my
tour guide it's like tell me about
Djibouti what do I gotta know he goes
look out for the mosquitos because some
of them have malaria I know one of the
symptoms of malaria he goes you're gonna
sweat profusely and [ __ ] your brains out
I go well I have malaria I got it in a
Taco Bell in Kuwait
[Music]
let's get this out the way I got broke
my wrist I'm working one head don't
don't feel bad it's not it's not a bad
day I broke my wrist on a motorcycle and
see things having an accident on a
motorcycle is like no other accident cuz
you don't get any sympathy on a
motorcycle you know soon as people hear
you got hurt on a motorcycle they feel
obligated to tell you the worst
motorcycle accident they ever heard and
they're like that all you was on a
motorcycle all my friend got eaten by a
bear on a motorcycle he was just riding
in the bear jumped on the back and and
he thought that was cool I'm riding a
bear and then the bear bit his head off
you know and then they always give you
advice so you shouldn't ride anymore but
but they don't do that with any other
accident it's not like you trip on the
stairs and people oh man you was on the
stairs now you should stay on the first
floor man you can't you can't be walking
up and down so so it wasn't the accident
that was bad it was it was the the
medical stuff man first of all I found
out I have the worst medical insurance I
don't know how I went in my hand is
swollen my wrist is all messed up
they're like we'll do x-rays and if it's
broken
we'll call you now what kind of raggedy
coverage is at
I'm not welcome to hang out for the
diagnosis right then they figure out it
is broken it called like oh you got to
come back now you got to go see a
specialist right but you have to get a
referral from this doctor to go to the
other one and more for I'm done
ain't gonna deduct any more from now on
anything happens to me I'm going to the
vet the vet is better than the doctor on
so many levels first of all the vet
never refers you to another vet the vet
doesn't care what species you are
anything he don't care if you got a
pitbull a kitten a goldfish he's like
lay it on the table I'll fix it you
gotta open the cage I don't care and the
vet always gives you options that's what
I love about going to the vet the vets
always gives you the choice he's like
look this surgery is very expensive I'm
not even sure it's gonna work if you
want I could just kill you the option is
always on the table at the vet at any
point in your treatment he's like look
this is getting really expensive now we
got a van out back I just give you one
shot and we'll cart Joe ass off and it's
annoying man wearing a cast I went to
the airport I had to go to airport
security and when you have a cast on you
got to go to special security like they
panicked when they saw me oh my god
go take him to the room you know so they
took me to the room and they had to pack
my whole body down and they breath it
gets kind of intimately you know and
then and they checked everything except
the cast
they're like oh we're not allowed to
touch that that's medical I'm like
that's good because if I was gonna
smuggle something onto the plane I
wouldn't hide it in the cast I just put
it in my pocket where you might find it
[Music]
I just don't I always want to be like
tough like a tough dude just like yeah
what up mother [ __ ] that dude yeah you
know with that dude yeah I'm gangster
what a gangster's laugh at nothing right
they laugh for no reason just here what
up playa
did I miss a punchline like what what
are you laughing at yeah play is
strictly business from here on out if
it's business why are you laughing at
the meeting that's unprofessional that's
how a lot of rap songs start nowadays
like the dude will just start laughing
for no reason right the song will start
and the rapper will just be like oh no
like what the happy start the song ten
seconds earlier I want to know what
happened right or sometimes we'll just
say [ __ ] like they're already talking
like they'll start this song and they'll
already be talking about something
let there be light yeah yeah yo oh no
not another one what are you talk yeah
another one I want more later I don't
want the songs to just stop I don't want
there to be one song on the album and
that's it I want another one hear me or
how about when they blame it on you a
lot of rappers will do that like they'll
just start the song I've been that yeah
oh yeah yeah they ready for this one yo
I couldn't be more ready to listen to
your concern you know I mean like I
bought the thing on iTunes I burned it
to a CD I put it in my car stereo I
turned it on I got my safety belt
strapped around me I'm ready to listen
to music
like what's gonna happen that I'm not
prepared for it right like it's a sword
gonna come out of the speaker and just
stab me in the face but y'all ain't
ready for this one go oh my god you're
right my so wasn't ready for a piercing
saber because oh no not another one
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below
alright first off I'm not Steve Carell
so get out of your [ __ ] system all
right can I do my job now her thanks oh
my god he does look like him too kind of
sounds like him [ __ ] off all right New
Year's Eves coming up buddy of mine he's
making New Year's resolutions he's like
I need to stop smoking and I'm like I'm
really smoking that much because I had
when I drink I have a few adjust I got
to stop hey so what's the problem you're
like a cancer scare in your family are
you okay I'm good you just I got to stop
he goes it's not that it's all these
commercials on TV with the people with
holes in their necks have you seen the
one the one woman's like make sure when
you take a shower you cover up your neck
hole really no [ __ ] like you're gonna
put your neck hole right into the
[ __ ] faucet get in there clean it out
you're gonna be told that no one lady
comes on she goes if you're choking and
you have a stoma it's not mouth-to-mouth
its mouth to stoma all right first off
if you're my friend you got a hole in
your neck and you're choking you're
gonna die I'm not helping you
second of all that's the one advantage
you have to having a neck hole you're
choking get in there just dig it flick
you're out you're good yeah I got a
Dorito in there hang on I got it Bing
back to the bag we're good the [ __ ] how
hard is this here's my question how many
people auditioned for this commercial
where you got like 50 people in the
waiting room with [ __ ] holes in their
necks I really hope I get this this is
my second callback who's your agent
I like your headshots barking was a real
[ __ ] look you can't lock this down you
suck it says right on the breakdowns
must have a hole in your neck this is
the gig you've been waiting for
there's your wheelhouse man lock it in
agent calls you booked it whoo-hoo oh
nice middle-aged guy never been married
hence the energy
and the happiness but I get it as I saw
somewhat earlier been married 45 years
right is that who's 45 years that's dumb
I admire that I'm going through a
breakup the married people want to be
single as single people want to be
married the grass is always greener I
get it went out with a girl recently I
talk for a living now stand up and
voiceovers and you know hosting acting
you name it this girl could talk you've
been out with a girl talks too much sir
you nodded your head right away right
she could talk right when I'm driving a
hoe and I remember thinking I don't
think I've said anything since I ordered
my food that was two hours ago she sees
just look at my face she's like oh my
god I'm so sorry I'm doing it again I'm
talking too much I'm like relax okay
it's our first date you're just little
bit nervous I'm Way better than you calm
down
no I did not say it here's what she said
you ready she goes do you want to hear
something really weird
do I ever on our first date she says I
honestly believe that as long as they
keep talking I cannot die
I said actually you could not be more
wrong because if you don't shut the [ __ ]
up I'm gonna drive this car into a wall
and kill us both seriously shut your
'suck box what's the matter with you
right but you know what they say sure
the crazier the girl the better the sex
right that's what they say
does that apply to women too like if the
guy's crazy is the sex better does that
it doesn't apply that's just scary okay
yeah sex with her was so good Morgan
Freeman narrated it all right it was
March of the penis she next morning she
wakes up she's like do you know you talk
in your sleep I'm like yeah that's the
only way I get a [ __ ] word in around
you
take my shot when I had it she wanted to
cuddle after sex married 45 years you
guys still cuddling after sex oh yeah
that's nice what do you say all for love
with their love what the hell all right
except the guy who left his wife at home
all right yeah you're a cuddler
bring her to the comedy club they're
gonna go see some joy and happiness stay
home I'm going alone you stay here with
three three kids you said - oh wow yeah
someone got the raw into that [ __ ]
deal
might as well be three yeah I'm gonna
get married and have kids real soon
sounds great
sign me up what's buried lifelike well
you go to comedy clubs alone and then
you [ __ ] on your wife which is not there
to defend herself it's a great time say
she wanted she like to cuddle after sex
that I make jokes but I do I like to
cuddle like you got your head on my
chest your legs wrapped around me you're
bonding
you know you shared a moment but there's
gonna come a time where I want to go to
sleep and do you need to get the [ __ ]
off of me get off of me oh my god my ex
would get so pissed I'm like honey can
you please use like what am I too heavy
but no no when you're not here I'll put
like a 150-pound barbell across my body
I'll snuggle up with an anvil yes you
most get the hell off me what's the
matter with you it's unreasonable to ask
another human being to fall asleep with
other naked person directly on top of
you
[Music]
[Applause]
right and your skin to skin you're
sweaty from the sex I'm on my back and I
can feel a little beads of sweat
tickling running down in the small of my
back and I want to get in there but I
can't cuz this arms dead there's no
[ __ ] blood flow in it it's like I had
a stroke amateur I broke up with her
here's why you're ready and only a white
girl would say this and I have no
problem tell you this after sex you
would always say this thank you for
sharing yourself with me Jesus Christ
you don't want to take that hippie [ __ ]
outside Burning Man
you know what Who am I [ __ ] Joni
Mitchell yes Jesus Christ you know what
get out of my trunk Oh enough of this I
remember the first time we're gonna have
sex you had that responsible sex talk
right we're talking about you know birth
control and STDs and getting tested and
condoms you know all the things that
make your dick so hard I'm ready now to
get my pants off listen carefully she
says this right she says can I tell you
what I like but yeah I want to make you
happy you know plus word-of-mouth is
everything in this business no
guarantees she says okay so you like you
know my special area yeah she's like
okay like my hot-button like oh my god
yeah she says was a carefully guy she
says okay I like it touched but barely
touched what she goes don't get me wrong
I'd like you to touch it but the less
you can touch it while still touching it
the more turned on I get right so I want
to so by heading like all right but I'm
down there this is this is what I get to
hear all right it's like okay a little
bit less a little bit less which is
every what every man wants to hear a
little bit less a little bit less I'm
obviously a little bit less because you
know what I liked or insects I liked
being micromanaged
right I'm down there like I'm diffusing
a bomb like in the [ __ ] Hurt Locker
do I cut the blue wire the green wire
[ __ ] veins are coming out of my
forearm [ __ ] sweating while I play
this game a [ __ ] operation up you touch
the side butterfingers good night
everybody have a great night thank you
so much thanks a lot everybody
[Music]
we're I'm gonna tell you guys about my
very first motorcycle but I need your
energy for this you guys ready it's uh
party ready for this man my bear he's
already primed for the story cuz I'm not
just gonna tell you I'm gonna give you a
ride if you like what you hear you let
us know here we go
[Applause]
[Applause]
well I had a scooter
I know see nobody gets excited I know
you know nobody's ride if I'm like you
guys like Suzuki 185's at shake once you
go past 19 miles an hour
like a chihuahua on a frozen lake
drinking espresso out of a tin cup like
ice not even the same thing like a like
a Harley it's like live to ride ride to
live like a scooter live to hide hide to
live people even miss GPS can evse
I'm on the sidewalk Harley hardly
tattoos and leather stickers and a
sweater an orange flag safety first
so you know you guys guys going to vote
who are you going to vote for you got
the republicans
you got romney what's up no
gingrich no gingrich sounds like some
[ __ ] you get on your balls don't
happened got that gingrich man
i knew i shouldn't [ __ ] that [ __ ] man
[ __ ]
santorum sounds like the [ __ ] you put on
your balls to get rid of gingrich
or use some santorum word [ __ ]
you can feel that vapor action right
there santoro
or that gingrich itch
oh i like obama i voted for obama
because he's black
[ __ ] goddamn right i love voting by
color
much easier it was like a pickup
basketball game i got the black dude
[ __ ] it
obama does jedi mind tricks on us though
[ __ ] is crumbling but he's so
[ __ ] cool dude like damn he's so cool
you know he is he's so
[ __ ] cool [ __ ] is going wrong you're
just like no he's all right
when that oil spill happened i was like
oh what the [ __ ] is he gonna do now
jedi mind trick he just said what the
[ __ ] was going on
and we said okay
obama's like now i know that there's an
oil spill
and it's in the water
damn he's observing as [ __ ]
bush wouldn't known that [ __ ]
now the birds are being affected
they can't flop because there's
oil on their wings
damn he knows about nature too
there could be a fire in the white house
and mobile will make a speech out of
that [ __ ]
the president there's a fire in the
white house now i know
that there's a fire but it's not burning
just for me
burning for the american people
who else would i've been in obama if i
had another choice
of course i would have arnold
schwarzenegger it would be
i'm glad he [ __ ] up your estate that
was hilarious
and no one said [ __ ] to him did they and
i get out of here
[ __ ] you
[ __ ] you suck it
[ __ ] you that was this whole [ __ ]
governorship
[ __ ] you so much socket yes
can you imagine him vetoing a bill ah no
that's what he says ah
how the [ __ ] did they not know that
child was related to him
it came out the womb by itself
where's my father
i can walk myself
ah
jason statham would be a good president
the transporter yeah but he would be an
[ __ ] though because he's always mad
uh president statham what are you gonna
do about the economy what am i gonna do
about the economy
you think i give a [ __ ] about the
economy
[ __ ] he just shot his press secretary
denzel washington would be a good
president
all right it would be [ __ ] cool but
he would think he was in a movie though
that's the problem
president washington the white one we
had the white one now we got the black
one
what are you gonna do what are you gonna
do about the economy oh
okay what am i gonna do about the
economy is that what you're asking me
huh you asking me huh okay my [ __ ] just
trying to ask me questions okay
good night everybody thank you very much
don't do drugs if you gonna do drugs
smoke weed seriously right exactly I
don't judge what's the worst thing is
going to have you smoke some weed
you're going to eat a couple of Twinkies
and drive really safely
you don't need these goddamn drugs the
new one for women I saw this commercial
for what is it called um season al
here's a pill that if women take it
they'll only have a period four times a
year now I don't have a vagina anymore
so I'm gonna ask how many ladies would
take the pill for periods of year
seasonality any blade at you right there
you would really take that for periods
of you what if they like monster periods
you only get four years summer winter
falls ring like honey it's the 21st [ __ ]
you I hate man give me your dick
give me some pills an ice cream [ __ ]
seasonale is it summer winter fall or
[ __ ] the side effects man you don't
need this [ __ ] our priorities are messed
up that's why we have viagra and cancer
at the same time we don't fix [ __ ] yeah
cancer still to come over viagra pick
some [ __ ] first but no the government's
run by old white guys is like no no put
cancer on hold my pee pee soft fix this
first [ __ ] leukemia right here it's
America damn it my [ __ ] goes up your
stock goes up now it works don't mess
with the system where you going we're
good huh you go to the bathroom by
yourself it's [ __ ] woman don't pee
alone you're doing coke and you're
selfish
share share your blow
you
you only bothers me is this I like
clothes obviously is not a good example
of some of my best work but a single man
over 50 shopping on supervises a
terrifying experience cuz I feel young
but I'm not supposed to dress young
that's your domain not mine
I feel youthful so I have to dress
youthful but I can't go too youthful
right I gotta pull it back I got to keep
it this side of creepy so it's a balance
I'm shooting for I'll give you the
example I was rocking a classic adidas
jacket the other day three straps on the
side and some guy goes dude that is a
sweet classic adidas jacket is that an
original and I was like wow man first of
all thank you for assuming I keep my
clothes for 30 plus years I know you
need to stay on top of fashion trend
I'll give you a fashion trend crushed my
spirit brother the cargo short is out
look at the gas the [ __ ] [ __ ] right
here
cargo short and men loved the cargo
short because its form and its fashion
and it is function but women despise the
cargo short right and gay men roll their
eyes at the cargo shore I told the game
in that I still own one pair of cargo
short and he says something to me that
still haunts me to this day do you know
what he said to me ooh
but history will smile on a cargo short
brother because someday my sons gonna
say dad when I was a kid and we went out
of public
how come you seemed so prepared
everywhere we went and I'm gonna say son
there was a time when men walked around
in public with shorts as pouches right
on the outside it was like having two
[ __ ] backpacks in my parents and my
outside pouch was so stretched out and
filled with supplies you know what I
kept in mind brother extra pair of cargo
shorts that's how big I'm good with
chain I like I'm good with change I like
that that's why I like technology I love
staying on top of the latest technology
if you don't believe me just check out
this sweet iPhone 6 I have rocking right
back here
now some technology though it causes
more harm than it does good I made a
mistake I get downloaded an app on this
phone it's called next door I know if
you have next door where you live yeah
it's like Facebook for the neighborhood
what it does is it takes your
neighborhood and then it ruins it just
like Facebook dies it's basically an
unfiltered portal for fear paranoia and
the occasional garage sale that's all it
is it's a chance for your lazy ass
neighbors who never leave their home to
terrorize you with suspicious activity
reports that's all the app does every
damn day there's a man in a car outside
my house he doesn't look like he belongs
in this neighborhood I'm gonna call the
cops
hashtag be safe everybody two minutes
later there's another post I'm sitting
in my car there's a crazy lady in the
window looking at me right now I better
sit here keep an eye on her but in my
neighborhood everybody loses their mind
if someone sees a coyote oh my god they
act like a [ __ ] chupacabra foo
through the neighborhood and they talk
about the coyote like it's a legendary
creature with superpowers a tall coyote
I heard a coyote can jump a 15-foot
fence
hired coyotes have wings and grab your
children and fly away I heard a coyote
once turned off a man's sprinkler timer
and watched his lawn die slowly
[Music]
like if you're an adult and you have
enough money you can eat birthday cakes
whenever you want you know that you have
to wait for somebody's birthday to roll
around eat birthday cakes every day get
whatever you want written on them too
you have to get happy birthday written
on there get whatever you want like you
walk into a bakery tomorrow order three
birthday cakes and make the Baker write
on them breakfast lunch and dinner and
just stand there and eat one right in
front of the stupid Baker's dumb Baker
face right there on site you get a cake
make the Baker right on it people who
make birthday cakes for living have [ __ ]
for brains it's got to do it you're an
adult you're paying for it you won't be
happy about it it'd be like what
I don't like this but I took that oath
at the Baker Academy by law is always
right [ __ ] now get out of here as a good
want to do go into a bakery get the
biggest birthday cake they have into
place make the Baker right on it happy
fifth and final birthday don't explain
it to him just make him put a big sad
clown on there with a wilted flower make
everybody into bakery all bummed out
if there is one positive thing that came
out of this uh
covet situation
if there's one positive that came it's
never been more comfortable for me as an
arab to be at the airport
they don't give a about us anymore
they're just looking at the asians now
everyone's just looking try sneezing at
the airport being asian right now see
how comfortable you feel
yeah they literally don't give a
about us my last my legal last name
looks just like al qaeda they just i
walked through tsa
missed poor mr wong behind me though got
randomly selected they asked him where
he traveled to in the past two weeks
are you familiar with the variant mr
wong
well i don't know what it is about
racism in america but it's it's like
it's on this like ferris wheel
and middle eastern people we just got
off and we put the asians on all right
have fun enjoy it you guys are it's
awful we'll come back when something
explodes
black people are just there like get out
this ride
i've been on this ride for 400 years
[Music]
so
[Music]
you
I'm Amish you underage though you know
2020 is definitely the year where she
started I'll just be a little a little
more out of touch than normal we were
playing cards against humanity' over the
holidays
she went uh you know be a part of the
youngsters world and if you're not
familiar with that game there's kind of
a little phrase or sentence on the card
and then everyone's dealt a card with a
word of phrase that they put down that
might coincide with that base card and
my mom got one and she reads out you
don't want to do this during a boot cake
you're all like oh that's some sort of
uh you know spooky pastry the [ __ ] is a
the [ __ ] is a boot cake mom let me see
that car oh that is not what that says I
know mama says you don't want to do this
during a [ __ ]
thanks you guys oh well what's that so
we explained to a seven-year-old woman
what a [ __ ] was and she goes it sound
like fun which was the best possible
answer she could have given you don't
say because it would have been a real
bummer up she was like oh yeah that's
right hashtag the 80s right and just
jumped on board with her memories
[Applause]
[Music]
Vietnamese people it's hard now right
because all these other you know [ __ ]
Korea and they're uniting [ __ ] break
dancing and [ __ ] my people what do we
have [ __ ] nail salon still right
every nail salon I see it should be like
win-win nails and Guin right instead
it's it's something either something
divine or it's like some type of
battleship it's so patriotic
welcome to Angie's USA nails welcome to
Angel nails angel rainbow North America
SEAL Team six Cuban lighted nails come
inside [ __ ] come inside Vietnamese women
are the best salespeople they were
torturing the ladies and they would
insult you the same time have you seen
this I said you ladies but some [ __ ]
Asians in here they're like [ __ ] you
commit your hand look good not on you I
fix it for you come inside come in
you're so beautiful hunchback come here
I show you I watched your eyebrow after
one eyebrow Cyclops come inside you
x-men Newton come inside my sister's
they own a nail salon called Angie's
nails surprise Vietnamese women are so
nosy like you're trying to get your
nails done like just trying to ask you
these probing questions like it's a bank
loan have you seen this def boyfriend
yet your boyfriend your girlfriend your
boyfriend your husband your lesbian you
rug muncher yeah boyfriend huh you need
waxing you don't have husband because
you need the waxing here you see this
[ __ ] you made that waxing you know that
they say you need the waxing is like
it's [ __ ] life or death
have you seen this [ __ ] you ain't no I
see you're gonna die you're gonna get
h1n1 swine flu you need no waxing and
the ladies they know that make you feel
like [ __ ] right you need oh I see no
thank you I don't need the waxing okay
whatever sasquatch boy it's a jungle
down there Chewbacca
have you seen have you seen the torture
chamber the waxing room it's
embarrassing right ladies still
beautiful you have to take off all your
clothes dip it get under all fours I've
seen this through a hole I made in the
wall I've seen this many times these
women are not even shy right they're
just like to have this they're back
there have you seen the waxing room it's
a torture chamber in the back of a yum
yum donuts have you seen this you just
opened the closet doors of Narnia you go
behind an illegal flow restaurant and a
casino get us open another closet
there's a vietnamese lady she's waiting
with this tug or she's making this
mixture for your crotch and the
Tupperware she had hers is there salad
at that Dame's you ladies a bent-over
naked the McCoy now let's try to have a
normal conversation with our hands on
there have you seen this yeah yeah
boyfriend yet yeah boyfriends yeah I
like how they look at the paper when
they're done right like they're shocked
at what they just done in your body like
yeah super nails over there who want to
souvenir they might as well just hang it
on the wall like the Old West outpost
with a beaver pelt on watch she
brunettes
that's Michelle she's not a natural
blonde
oh the drapes don't match the carpet if
you know what I mean
what I call her two-tone Michelle who's
that that's Gary he gay they work at a
Thai restaurant
[Music]
I was at Venice Beach a couple months
back so it's always like already
Caucasian you know people is fascinated
by chihuahuas you know and then they
always go
mr. Rodriguez luck look it's one of your
own then I swear to god it's like me the
dog have something in common
like that doesn't overlay what though
was happening are you mrs. again
another like a Barone and she makes me
liquor at night but you know you don't
want to know what I gotta say with a
chihuahua you know it's a dog I'm a
human being it's a dog you know don't
walk up to some German guy and go hey
look at this huh your Shepherd
okay your Nazi dog I don't really think
you're a country unless you have like a
national dog a beer and food that's
recognized around the world that that's
constitutes a country and I was like a
like you know friend of mine says you
know Paul you're always in that Mexican
stuff very it you know we you know
expand your horizons and eat something
different I said well I like Mexican
food it's not that that's the best food
is that whatever your mama cooked at
home you're gonna get used to us he and
my mom was Mexican and this way she cook
and now he says we won't get up I eat it
every day I have to eat it every day I
mean this is like you know I went to
Africa I was there for six weeks and as
long as I've ever been without a
tortilla
you know man you think heroin is easier
cake man I was jonesing with it I was in
Johannesburg where's a taco boy and
again
doubling up in do you know the clothes
man my buddy took me down he goes you
should have some Ethiopian food I wish
it ain't enough for them
they got food now I don't want be racist
but what can you name me an Ethiopian
dish and what is it UNICEF rice I don't
know all will only encourage me you did
you know that there's actually a little
Ethiopia area over here so they're on
Fairfax where the streak is really slim
you know it's like a one-lane I couldn't
make that up it's on Fairfax
he took me down there he goes no was a
big white Fairfax all that little
ethiopia one-lane people are driving
like this well what is it yes the food's
authentic you know
tell you is getting on my nerves
middle-aged men and I realize there's
nobody in here that's middle-aged that's
weird to me not used to that it's all
young people middle-aged men man getting
on my nerves
they have [ __ ] that's what bugs me you
know I don't yeah I get it you have a
house and your family and a job go away
I got nothing I'm bitter I got nothing I
got credit card debt my friends Netflix
password those are the two things and I
have it's not even his password it's
like it's cousins or whatever we're all
using like one of ten Netflix logins
there's like 10 of them if you have your
own netflix login you're the Illuminati
that's what that means you're going to
Eyes Wide Shut parties middle-aged guys
get on my nerves because they're the
only ones that ever come up to me after
shows and ask me how much money I make
doing stand-up and that used to piss me
off but it doesn't bug me anymore
because I know why they're doing it I
know why you're doing it because you
want to hear that I'm struggling yeah so
you can feel better about that
soul-sucking sales job a devoted your
lives to and the woman you're married
that you don't like and the kid you had
with that woman that you're barely like
but you can't put that on me man
you can't fill the hole in your soul
with my problems all right just because
I chose to take a different path
take a chance live with some gamble it
was some fervor which used to be the
most American thing you could do as a
man by the way taking a chance taking a
gamble used to shove your old family
into a wagon and head out west in the
search for gold
yeah sure to your kids would die a
dysentery in your wife would get
sodomized by an Indian but at least at
least you call yourself a man
no now it's my 401 K and my health and
Sharron I don't have health insurance I
don't need it I got car insurance if I
get sick I'll get into a car accident so
if somebody team owns me hahaha you
broke my leg and gave me testicular
cancer
there's an online dating site for people
with herpes I've heard about it
yeah it's called tinder and do you guys
know what this tinder site is you just
get online no yes so it's so [ __ ] you
get to be so arrogant and you could be
the biggest piece of [ __ ] in the plan
like gonna [ __ ] you so I'm on tinder no
wait I swear to God I joined it because
I was promoting a show and because my
only credit is favorite and Laugh
Factory
no one is [ __ ] coming so I needed a
way to promote the show I swear to God
every and by the way you go on tinder
and all the girls profiles their
pictures like and the the BIOS like I'm
on here for friendships yeah I get your
and I go to strip clubs for the DJ
that's why I go to [ __ ] strip clubs
ladies and it's sad because I was
promoting express voting I did the whole
swath of Asia it was like 18 to 55 plus
so you do the whole it's weird cuz
there's a yourself line there's a line
you have like the 20 ish and then the
four years and say different messages
cuz the 20s is like [ __ ] you and the
Foy's like [ __ ] me please [ __ ] me
nothing nothing [ __ ] me
it's really sad I don't know where I'm
on that line I don't know if I'm the
[ __ ] you where the [ __ ] me cuz I just
had a birthday I just turned creepy
that's up as a matter of fact a girl
said top she texts me top T oft on
tinder I'm like what's a she goes too
old for tinder do you know what that
[ __ ] means that means I'm too creepy
to be [ __ ] creepy that's what that
means
too old for tinder that's [ __ ]
terrible that's a creepiest thing on the
planet you know you're getting creepy
when you ask out a young girl and she's
like no thanks mister ah
that's all right
sometimes I get an argument about what
I'm gonna eat for dinner does anyone
ever get in this shitty argument I'll be
like hey babe or friend what do you want
to get for dinner and they're like I
don't know what do you want to get like
I just [ __ ] asked you I just send the
questions back that's confusing I
wouldn't be asking you if I knew what I
wanted to eat and even if I pick
something you're gonna end up picking
for me anyway let's just get this over
with right and it's the worst time to
have a conversation because your brain
doesn't have the proper level of
nutrients to even have a compelling
conversation because you waited to you
were starving to even start talking
about it you just sounds stupid okay
what do you want to get to eat I don't
know I sure wish you're a wizard and you
could just zap some [ __ ] to my lap for
me before I fall asleep from low blood
sugar let me get some egg rolls Potter
my girlfriend's really hard to deal with
in this situation cuz she won't eat the
same thing two days in a row like why'd
you send the question back you won't eat
the same thing twice
I grab pizza yesterday and I'm like how
about we get pizza again today sure
black but we had it yesterday and I'll
be like so the [ __ ] what
one time a pizza for 14 consecutive days
cuz Domino's is having a goddamn good
special don't bring me down with a
shitty logic Chinese people you Chinese
food every single day you're trying to
say you're better than Chinese people
cuz if you are I'll break up with your
ass right now equal rights that might be
black power whatever if you put a hip
flair into it it becomes equal rights
black power equal rights
I'm married I live a boring life we have
a memory foam mattress at home yeah that
mattress is made for sleeping and
sleeping only that is a [ __ ] sleep
mattress and that is all that is a home
that mattress is made for do not try
anything else on that mattress some of
you laugh and you tried it you can't
have sex on that thing you can't it's
like trying to have sex and quicksand
it's impossible
you get one thrust you just start
sinking in son of a [ __ ] don't fidget
it can smell fear calling the cat over
just calm down it's terrible I didn't
buy the memory foam mat that's an
expensive mattress I didn't find it
that's not in my that's not in our we
don't have we didn't you know I didn't
buy it this is how we got it my
mother-in-law lives in Palm Springs and
a guy died we got his memory foam
mattress that's how that work that he
never got to sleep on it he bought it
and never came out of it I'm not like
sleeping on a haunted mattress
I'm down like we bought it but he never
got to open it which makes me feel sad
because that means he died on some
uncomfortable mattress with the world's
most comfortable mattress just like
right over there in a box he was like I
should really call my grandson over to
open up that
and now I have a memory foam mattress I
think that's how that went down
you guys gonna see this guy everywhere
very soon give it up a crystally
everybody yes come on oh you stop
clapping before I even got a microphone
what the [ __ ] man
no too late too [ __ ] late man what's
up what do you guys you guys look like
you're held captive or some [ __ ] [ __ ]
come on man be funny dude let's do this
so guys what's going on man what took
what happen your hand you you want you
got it today why you saying like it's a
new coat or some [ __ ] yeah this cast I
bought it today man who's on Melrose
what'd you do you fell you're just gonna
be Vegas [ __ ] huh were you blowing
another dude and that happened man you
know I don't want to get into it man you
know what apparently some guys buttholes
break thumbs let me just say that much
all right
hmm [ __ ] are you that's right
[ __ ] dude if you had that if you
dude if you weren't gay and it do did
that you could [ __ ] clamp their [ __ ]
and just break their thumb just yeah
tell this to your gay friends
[ __ ]
yeah okay so now that we talked about
what I wanted to talk about
well the [ __ ] going on everybody
somebody babe a bit you just [ __ ]
somebody has Tourette's syndrome back
there
he just went babe Edie Edie if you had
Tourette's syndrome gonna be a weird
thing to [ __ ] do it
usually they just yelling out swear
words right like [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
ass right if you at least if you yell if
you yelling at our people to get the
[ __ ] away from him he's got Tourette
syndrome but if you were like hey it
will be like the book is he doing going
back in time I don't understand hey
we're are we [ __ ] dinosaurs [ __ ]
Mike I don't know other book I'm talking
about but it's fun so far get your
[ __ ] a giggle push that's what that
[ __ ] is right there he's just
like are you high you're high as [ __ ]
huh he's high as [ __ ] right now you look
like the dude that's like Emma you know
if we're gonna want to get hard or some
[ __ ] that's that dude right right there
and that dudes the dude that's just for
sure man are you kidding me [ __ ] no I
don't want to get high psych it's
opposite day
I should be defense
and then that dudes a the [ __ ] am I
talking about man by man what's your
name bro
Dylan of course it is man [ __ ] doing
dude are you what's your last name
oh dude achill when I'm [ __ ] doing
duty cool bro dealing duta chol Avenger
of [ __ ] weed man whoa stop evil doer
I know where we can get some better [ __ ]
dude okay give me the [ __ ] man he forged
his special powers will be [ __ ]
Doritos you would just throw that [ __ ]
and Funyuns that would expand and
[ __ ] go around the neck of the bad
guy
having this [ __ ] is hilarious whoever's
not laughing eat a dick alright was
that's that's the white what's your name
max [ __ ] what's your name what are
you trying to out do to him I didn't see
you until Vogons or the next dude just
I'm like what's your name he's like you
guys are [ __ ] white we get it
the black we were like damn
[ __ ] all white up in his [ __ ]
I uh hey yeah real quick let me ask you
guys an honest question what do you
think of this bad boy right here yeah
it's new I agree I'm super attractive uh
the girlfriend likes it she's always
like hey I really like your beard but I
in the back of my head all I hear is hey
I really like how you're covering up
your face cuz that's what you're doing
when you have a beard people like that
looks nice when you cover up your face
it looks much better than your face you
got you got a beard right here right you
got a beard these are all you guys got
good length I like it that's the thing
with a beard a lot of ladies don't know
this but if you grow it out too long
it's no longer a beard but a hallmark of
depression and it's it's I like I know
when the beard is too long it's when the
comments go from um overwhelmingly
positive to overwhelmingly observational
when hey I really like your beard turns
into hey a beard
and I'm jealous of women I'm jealous of
women because you guys get to go to a
salon and you get to become whole new
people you could get a bob or bangs or
some other word for hair and I can't do
anything because I don't have anything
on top and I don't care but all I have
is this and you're like hey Ron shave it
down to a goatee no no cuz I did that
once sir and it made me look like a
rapist that raped rapist
it was the creepiest thing in the world
well hey then you ever shave it down to
a mustache no I shaved it down to a
mustache once because when I did a very
large woman who I did not know stopped
me on the street and said oh yeah you
should shave this and walked away but
she wasn't being mean she thought she
was being helpful and she went home and
her roommates were like hey Belinda what
did you do today the Lord's work I wish
I had that kind of confidence you know
just to go up to someone who I don't
know tell them exactly what I think
about that you'll excuse me sir the
other time to get a new shirt because
this one isn't working hey
you
you guys I just celebrated one year of
marriage that's a thing come on come on
come on we had been married for a little
bit over a year but we've been dating
total for about 11 years which is I like
that some people laughed in my face at
that okay um that wasn't a joke I am
that's the truth usually when I say that
it's not so much meant with laughter as
it is usually a lot of guys will give me
a lot of crap for that you know they'll
be like bro come on what are you doing
you know there's other chicks out there
right so every single time has to be
like yes you'd understand because this
one's you know convenient so he is one
of my favorite people right now and the
thing about her is like he said I live
in New York City and she's a nervous
person and a lot of times I'm doing
shows so she's home alone a night which
makes her more nervous something my wife
will do every single time before she
goes to the bathroom if she will punch
the shower curtain in case there's a
murderer behind it
take a real thing that she does and when
I first heard that I was like oh I just
married a crazy person that sucks for me
huh that's terrible um but the more I
say that on stage is sort of got the
more women look at me like you have
courts like what it's like are are you
not punching it like how would you know
there was an intruder afoot um if it's
not bad you women do other things I had
a woman after a show come up to me and
she was like that's what I do
but I don't punch it because that's
weird what I do is I just like rip it
back really fast that's your whole plan
I don't get it why sex that's everything
that's ages day you just want to startle
the murderer that's what you're going
for is what rip it back things like
Jesus Christ well it was gonna kill you
but it got me I am slightly flustered no
no no no you want to go get Froyo let's
hang out come here nothing like a nice
cold beer at 10:00 in the morning hi I'm
Emily and if you're jealous of my beer
mug don't worry you have a chance to win
one as well
you just got to subscribe comment below
that you're subscribed and let us know a
funny original joke and you have a
chance to win this original Laugh
Factory beer mug you better be funny or
else you won't win
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
I'll tell you what's going on and said
listen since January 1st of this year
until I woke up and weighed myself this
morning 22 pounds 22
I've gained 22 [ __ ] pounds since
January
it is horrible in it you know what else
is horrible man if you remember if you
remember ma'am when Sean brought me up
my name is John King solely my nickname
growing up was Rolie Polie consoling
isn't that terrible
it's a horrible thing for a mother to
call her son I think I tried everything
I was a fat little kid to grow up into a
fat little man and I'm trying everything
I'm trying all these fad diets anybody
besides me Dan Marino and Marie Osmond
try the Nutrisystem anybody just us
three
they say if you're not familiar with the
program Nutrisystem that's the one where
they send you food ups in a box I'm
Italian from Brooklyn New York
you send me food in AB thank you thank
you brother you from Brooklyn too if
they send us food in a box you better be
a [ __ ] pizza in there right but it a
mess Pomona guards they just pop that
guy they shot him in the head we'll talk
about that later I'm gonna talk to these
people
I'll see you [ __ ] at home on the
flight I'll see you on JetBlue jet poot
have some [ __ ] I flew here JetBlue
it did no but I spent I spent $35 to
upgrade to what they call an even more
space see jokes laughter turns out even
more space seat means even more legroom
see do I look like a man who gives a
[ __ ] about legroom I'm 5 foot 4 230
pounds when I asked like a watermelon I
would like it even more ass room seat
I'll pay for that I'll drop 35 let me
get my ass in the seat just for once on
legroom I don't need no legroom I could
I could push that seat back put my feet
up on a tray table I'm good all the way
to JFK
as a matter of fact I don't think the
whole weight thing what it is is that
you know it's just distribution of the
way my body is bit it's like a cosmic
joke because I'm like I have the upper
body of like a retired NFL linebacker
and the lower body of a [ __ ] munchkin
American ma'am is that better for you
you'll have a lot of type then who's up
can't say anything anymore you gotta
watch what you say I was at the I was in
I was in Atlantic City at the Borgata
right and I did that joke which I want
to point out for you nice feeling calls
me I call me a [ __ ] call me a [ __ ]
right so after the show I'm out in the
lobby people are taking pictures I'm
hanging out and the crowd part and it's
little dude but yay big comes stamping
up little angry reaches up slaps me in
the knee and I look down at him ago
what's up he goes I'm not happy
I said yeah which one are you
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is what I got to go outside you
know we still a lot of people we've yet
to meet in our lives about a moment's
we've yet to see a lot of stories and
situations a lot of mysteries we met to
solve it as a society I was in Buffalo
New York a few weeks ago on purpose and
I was in the in the bathroom at the
urinal doing my thing which is very
mindless activity I don't think you
ladies truly know that we don't have all
the wits about us at the urinal we're
spacing out we'll just give one concern
at the urinal that no fella next you
just goes tag you're it and just you
know slap your [ __ ] out of nowhere that
is your one concern that a game of dick
tag doesn't break out unexpectedly right
so we in our head spacing out making a
lot of time for thoughts that are in the
back of our brain to finally make the
way to the forefront right I'm just like
dog [ __ ] I haven't seen Orange Julius in
a while right just [ __ ] space it out
and I look down beside me again I travel
all the time you never see this Buffalo
Airport urinal right beside me tiny
little piece of poop just hanging out by
itself for the urinal right beside me
and that is a wonderful Laugh Factory
la reaction did you hear about how 30%
of you left and the rest you were like
sometimes that happens now in this
country so maybe you should adjust this
is concerning on many levels two things
happened here in my eyes one some fella
rushed in in the panic had to pee that
quickly turned into a [ __ ] move all been
hit
alright you walk into the media planta
changing right didn't have time to
adjust pull him down
turn around took matters into his own
hands or we've got a new type of fella
out there oh yeah we don't have all the
info on him that we like he's going to
the beat of his own drum rocking the man
bun for sure and he's pooping out of his
penis and if that's the case we need to
go ahead and put global warming on the
back burner and track down these penis
movers and kill them all because that is
the wrong kind of different and I don't
want to raise kids in that future are
you clapping like I'm running for office
[Music]
you got my vote dude we're worried about
health care later let's get these Peters
bloomers off the freeway hi my name is
Adam ray you guys are great crowd
[Applause]
[Music]
I have a weird story I when I was like
17 I was sitting on a park bench and
this like 80 year old man came up and
said that next to me and he goes when
you're going down in a girl which is
already weird you can't start off a
friendship with a child like it goes
there's a toy true story goes when
you're going down and a girl case around
it first get her interested and then he
just walked away then he just left my
life forever to leave me wondering who
he was like was that the ghost of [ __ ]
future like what the hell
the worst thing about is that to this
day I think about every time every time
I'm going down on a girl in the back of
my head I hear an old man's voice like
he's surrounded first don't just divert
it in that case around it first and it
works so I'm like thank you [ __ ]
whisperer I used to wear glasses you
know and I think one of the best things
about an hour and glasses is there's no
longer a weird moment where a girl goes
to give me a [ __ ] so I put them back
on so I could see them because these to
be like you're making out with a girl
you take off your glasses put them on a
nightstand or something and then you
know it gets to the point that goes so
that doesn't girls don't announce it you
know girls do that kiss you like on your
neck and then your chest just they start
like kissing done here
every girl thinks are like the first one
it's like they all have that same old
pin and there gets around at first but
what I would do is that when I could
sense the [ __ ] was you know a coming
I would reach over grab my glasses start
to slowly put out I can only imagine how
creepy that must seem to a girl if she
looks up from give me a [ __ ] to
seesee slowly putting on your glasses oh
no no no no don't stop Papa likes to
watch the only thing weirder is if she
looked up and I was putting contacts and
I was like hold on oh let me touch my
eyeball he's surrounded first
you
what's up guys how are you a lot of
people from resume here today
that's good who's play soccer today okay
that's the job for Zenith how are you
guys now my name is Mathew biases I am
from Brazil and I know what you're
thinking
does this guy wax his vagina yeah I do
it's not because I want you is because I
have to order my country it's a law in
Brazil which is a lot if you don't
answer a vagina
the government kills you so you'll have
two extra vagina even if you don't have
one so it's the Brazilian wax that's a
very honourable way for a country to be
known in Italy is known for his food
Japan the technology Brazil both [ __ ]
I'm actually very proud of yeah that's
us yeah
people from Italy all beautiful people
from Japan all smart people whom Brazil
all pedophiles can you guys understand
I'm saying like the English is working
it's okay you know I was I was a little
bit worried that you guys would not
understand what I'm saying but then I
saw your president speaking
[Laughter]
and I thought I think I'm okay yeah you
know I know that a lot of people don't
like to return but I do like the guy I
have to tell you this I do like torture
when people like how he got elected one
people she was the only one and but I
like the guy you know why because he
gives me hope
what a guy like me coming to this
country gives me hope because every time
I look at him I think the same if a
[ __ ] can be president hearing the
water decided you know I can be someone
that's let's hope man a friend of my
toes we don't use the word [ __ ] I
don't speak English I just memorized
those jokes oh you thought we don't use
[ __ ] but I couldn't change the word
you told don't use weed abuse Kardashian
that's what you know it has been very
difficult for me to speak English it's
not easy because when I arrived here in
America like three months ago I kept
driver told to me something Afiya you
can say whatever you want in America but
please don't use the n-word or people
are going to kick your ass
but he never told me what the Anwar was
[Applause]
so for the past 90 days I have been
avoiding all words the starts with a
letter which is making my life really
hard the other day a gay guy came up to
me sick and I [ __ ] your ass now I was
like I guess
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
right oh here we go - Eddie yeah I have
a bite on this four years old he won't
stop crying and I'm very progressive I'm
not the first open because I was really
doing that somehow I I'm not really a
pedophile
might know I have a child it's [ __ ]
it's hard it's very hard having kids you
know and that's the gentleman the
question just be guys what's more
important on a woman a beautiful face or
a hot body what do you think body body
okay sighing I let all the young guys a
body they're like put a [ __ ] bag over
her head bro face down ass up
[ __ ] very immature very immature
I think I'll tell you why you got to
think about this if you're the woman
right at the baby were there one day
keep up a V with this woman you want to
make sure your baby is a cute face
nobody cares about your baby's body
nobody's like my baby's got a whatever
face but his body is
the ice-cream baby's body got control
take the shirt off we've got backstab
like that we cut right there with diaper
real love you Claudius [ __ ] shredded
everywhere my name is Ian I'm with a
lifetime reproduction to hit the Laugh
Factory and I have an advice for you
please like subscribe and comment if you
can't it be nice yeah
listen my heroes Arnold Schwarzenegger
man is really like yeah I love that
[ __ ]
I do man he had a is his career sick man
we can get mad all you want everybody's
sick Matt because he's a shitty governor
Oh governor he was Conan the Barbarian
[ __ ] the [ __ ] did you expect he
had a leaf and a sword
oh yeah he's perfect for governor just
like a politician ain't saying [ __ ] [ __ ]
it people if you didn't see predator as
a man you should [ __ ] hang up your
manhood yo Arnold Schwarzenegger brought
a whole new level the [ __ ] action
films what he didn't say shake that
movie what was this script like
No
would you like to be in his office while
he's vetoing a bill yeah house that's
his damn house everyone's gonna be doing
after show yes kids man [ __ ] I wish I
would have seen that his kids being born
all those steroids he took metals went
straight into his [ __ ] kids so you
know they didn't need any help coming
out my father
give me your titty where's my diaper
what is this court good night everybody
I gotta start take care of myself a
little bit more anybody got high blood
pressure high cholesterol anybody got
the sugar that's a black disease might
be looking at the I oppose it
oh that's diabetes [ __ ] call it a
sugar really start getting over your
body start to fall apart not 9 months
ago no [ __ ] I had kidney stones yeah
Oh worst pain in the world on a wishes
of my worst enemy for those who've never
had it it is worse than childbirth see
that you see that no matter where I can
see always a woman no matter what city I
go do you want to know how I know cuz a
rock came on my dick I live ain't taking
home and trying to name until people
look like me notice [ __ ] is worse [ __ ]
your baby let me tell you something yeah
kidney stones ain't no joke pain was so
bad I'm going in and out of
consciousness jumping for Madonna Dallas
Texas here's what I hate the paramedics
just gonna assume and rush me to the
hospital in the hood like he'll feel
safer there no I got insurance I don't
know these [ __ ] let me tell you
something I don't feel safe with a
doctor paying sagging this bumping that
cold teeth coming over to my bed like yo
you all right now they have no night
mother
y'all need to take me I'll take white
folk step up I got Obamacare for another
week [ __ ] I need to see dr. McDreamy in
the chief Fitness the little mean asian
[ __ ] about the houses up
over here that's why I don't trust these
Hospital show you ever watch that TV
show house get me practice medicine
don't trust hospital they make they win
this [ __ ] let dr. house so far over my
hair will help me like cut his balls off
and I don't trust no doctor that can
cure cancer but just think it came fix
his own leg it's muhfucka show up every
week
[Applause]
walk right up to your Beyblade what's
your symptoms i'ma fix your [ __ ] first
[ __ ] [ __ ] my [ __ ] god
don't let that [ __ ] touch me did he
look in here [ __ ] that I don't trust his
house but I watch all these TV no
[ __ ] I'm not making this up they got
a new TV show right now called the good
doctor about an autistic doctor come on
now come on Austin
they trust this [ __ ] for surgery come
on I got an autistic nephew I wouldn't
vote for that [ __ ] on American Idol
[Music]
I get aggravated manua pisses me off
Twitter right I I can't stand pothead
tweets potheads tweet like crazy don't
they they tweet stupid like every
37 seconds a pothead is getting arrested
meanwhile rapists murderers and
pedophiles are still on the run
no they don't smell like their
crime you know what I'm saying
the debt is that the one that made you
put your head down for that one right
there yeah you know what else I hate on
Twitter I can't stand this when women
say this I can't find a good man ladies
if you're saying that stop it that's
 okay any woman in here that's
saying I can't find it's bullet there's
good guys everywhere
all right stop listening to your friends
they don't know about you that's
the problem it's a true look there's
good look you're a good guy right that's
a good guy you're a little creepy you
know who sang and anytime a woman says I
can't find a good man you're using the
wrong words because none of you are
finding men you're sorting through them
there's a difference okay cuz every
chick has her choice you like no too
stupid too ugly too nice next we can't
do that as guys we can't be like no -
crazy - crazy - crap that's the only one
oh my god
cuz you're nuts you really you are the
best cardio a man can ever get you
realize that ladies you get our hearts
pumping before we come home because we
have no idea what's waiting for us
behind that door we have no clue all
right it's one door one person two
personalities and it's either gonna be
hi honey I love you or warship
because every woman lives by this motto
now if you can't let me at my worst you
don't disturb me at my best
are you serious how many times a day you
see that on Facebook are you
sick
that's what a chick says before she
burns down your house all right six
months they give you six months of being
nice that's all you got six months
they're nice to you right remember the
first few months guys when you an answer
your phone was a message you got are you
okay are you safe call me back I'm so
worried a few years later you better be
dead not answering the
queen Foca holla back click she
says click it's a cell phone click and
they don't stop there now they can text
you you can't ignore text too long they
said you know the worst texting send
they all question mark text you ever get
back to that text all question marks
there's no answer to that question you
know what I sent back all exclamation
points like yeah I know you're telling
me you're nuts right and you're so great
at arguing oh my god my favorite thing a
chick doesn't an argument says don't
touch me don't touch me
how many y'all done that right don't
touch me then when you try to grab them
no they move away from no they move away
from you like Usher in the background of
a video no don't touch me no don't
 touch me no to the ATL stop no
 two hours later I just wanted
to hug
oh you guys are smiles we'll get into a
man you guys probably gonna notice that
mom that my voice still cracks guys and
uh it is pretty fun to talk right to a
college that's just not supposed to
happen anymore you know say like it's
embarrassed you do like no one ever
takes me seriously do like imagine if I
was a cop you know I mean Lee you want
to slow down for me [ __ ] no I can't be
lying I step over the pole cars don't
even need a whistle you just like stop
you know we [ __ ] up man it's messed up
dude I think you know my whole voice
cracking things well you don't messed up
my my [ __ ] game for a while this is
actually a true story man is a true
story I see didn't lose my virginity
until I was 23 man and I'm 23 man so
yeah you guys could clap for that
Hollywood listen this is what [ __ ] gets
real in one of hookers I lost my
virginity to a black chick yeah I did it
for the street cred I didn't put a
street cred a true story hit my swagger
if you will well the way it happened was
write this sexy true so she actually
came up to me after a show and she gave
me a number like a balled up napkin like
damn you know this girl is romantic all
right so you know I called her that
night and we end up going to the yard
house and you know she starts ordering
drinks and all that kind of stuff and um
you know I not paid for the whole meal
cuz you know I heard if you pay for the
whole meal then you know the girl got
some responsibilities and [ __ ] right I
didn't make up the rules you know I
spent a hundred dollars I want to see
some results in she all right so it
seemed to be going on right you know
like she's all my guy you so nice you
want to come over although this could be
the day you see oh
and sorry so I go to her house right and
she had the moon set up nice right guys
yeah you know candles lit she had are be
playing sets a rock you guys know this
rock is it's puffed out his pocket I had
a peach flavor I still remember the
flavor [ __ ] we're getting joy we're
taking shots we're getting real drunk
but you know we start making out I never
made out before so I'm doing things I
see in the movies you know I start
licking her faces yeah oh [ __ ] her sweat
tastes like black and miles and cocoa
butter and shell there's not bad it's
just it's not bad but why to make my way
to the bedroom right guys so so I end up
picking her up you know with these
muscles I picked her up by the I'll [ __ ]
down I throw in the bed I uh I try to
talk dirty for one steals like girl I'm
gonna give you somebody's Kung Pao you
know say so it is broccoli and B things
it is hit with that Panda Express it's a
while but I know guys I don't assume you
guys are drinking [ __ ] I didn't know
when get real drunk it affects your
performance down there come on dick wake
up you like nah man I'm good it [ __ ]
that's a rock got me chilling over for
you wait 23 years for this you're gonna
do me wrong now I'm so bad do but but it
did happen though guys on June 3rd yeah
also happen Oh
man that's what's up
look at me look at his [ __ ] my mom is
white my dad is black Mexican that's
what the [ __ ] happened I have [ __ ] to do
with this one like I was in my dad's
testicles during conception swimming
upstream stop I want like Hector hola
buenas noches who the [ __ ] I am I didn't
have a choice and I find myself
constantly having defend everybody
everywhere I go with some [ __ ] that
happens this is real situation you guys
I'm in Tyler Texas minding my own
business I'm walking across the street
doing his show wait man yo sup hey go
back to your country [ __ ] I'm like
who the [ __ ] are you talking to and I'm
standing the corner by myself and
there's nobody else around and I'm month
look it must be talking to me and I'm
irritated by the whole situation but I
don't speak Spanish but I had to throw
something back in this [ __ ] so I
was like [ __ ] you mijo you know but I
didn't realize this was a term of
endearment
you guys gonna stay when I said like
[ __ ] happens but my daddy the best you
could do preparing me from my children I
have three amazing daughters I love him
very much
my oldest daughter she's here tonight on
baby 24 but this doer
you know mrs. young guys and I wasn't
too comfortable with it cuz ain't nobody
good enough for my baby like that's my
mindset you know like I'm I'm defensive
initially like and then it turned out
the dude was short and that's [ __ ] me
up too cuz I didn't realize I was a high
just into this little [ __ ] came
and my wife and everybody knew he was
sure but they didn't tell me the [ __ ]
like nobody prepared me finish it like I
didn't really care I guess you know I
didn't think about it but [ __ ] bother me
you know cuz he invited me to the
Cheesecake Factory cuz a parent is where
you go when you feel like you doing well
you know you know - yeah so I'll show up
I'm hiding with my wife like we want
some dinner my me to do it you're my
[ __ ] mop you don't him I hit him
little jab not enough to go to jail but
just enough to bring a little blood out
of him you don't think this a little
simple and I'm looking at him I we make
eye contact I'll stand next to my
daughter I'm like oh [ __ ] man you better
stand up like I don't respect for me
like I'm dead like don't worry like
don't nobody know what I'm talking about
like out of respect for father you need
to stand up you know I better stand up
and I get to him and I realize he is
standing up I'm like what the [ __ ] is
wrong and meaning him have a special
relationship because I do love him he's
a good dude
he's a good kid but he comes to me all
the time you know and he tries to have
these conversations with me and talk to
me you [ __ ] about things you know the
other day Kenny said mr. Lewis you know
hey my lady to death you a good dude but
can you please stop talking [ __ ] about
my height
I guess starting to hurt my feelings you
know me I'm like man shut up [ __ ] your
feelings I got [ __ ] to do with your
height you ain't protected sex with my
daughter you fornicating with my
firstborn now I've got this
granddaughter all she's got his thighs
and feet no goddamn cash not a baby arm
loaner her goddamn legs
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
the good thing about dating young women
oh my god they're so stupid I mean
they're down for anything like hey baby
you want to go to Tijuana
oh wow I've never been overseas bring
your Hello Kitty backpack we're
smuggling drugs
yeah it's venture but they're always
with the texting and me me me here's a
robot texting anything a girl texts you
you got a text back they connect see the
most ridiculous thing in the planet you
got to respond thinking me like I like
cheese you got to answer that you got to
be like hey cheese go gorgonzola I had a
girl true story girl text me recently
this weekend she texts me I'm gonna go
swimming at the beach yay I didn't
respond cuz I'm um I'm a grown-up 45
minutes later she texts me why didn't
you respond to my swimming at the beach
text frowny face so I text her I didn't
think I had to confuse face to she text
me next time next time I text you just
confirm you got it oh I text her next
time you go swimming go out farther
brownie face
what my walk my walk white folks i we
all like y'all out here my best friends
walk is fun and we talk about social
justice a lot and a couple years ago
true story
taken I took them too so there was a guy
by the name of Eric Gardner a couple
years ago who got choked out by the cops
for selling loose cigarettes in New York
City and he kept saying three words I
can't breathe I can't breathe it was
[ __ ] up right so I took him to this
rally and he started crying so why are
you crying today this is so beautiful I
want to take you to one of our rallies
next week and show you what's important
to my people I said man I love you I'm
near let's go laughs factory he took me
to this anti gluten rally that's all
right
and look you laughing now but you don't
realize this [ __ ] but like I've lost
four friends to bread in 2017 like that
like bread is out here
destroying white folks like this is not
a game this is not a I do not want to
lose you all to sandwiches okay like
this is not a joking matter people and
to see people that I love
being decimated by subway hurts me okay
so the day of the anti cluding rally my
friend picks me up in a smart car right
and we go downtown but this [ __ ] is very
private it's not it's not it's not a
public event and on the flyer it's no
address it's just a piece of toast with
an X on it all right
and so we get there and white folks are
turn the [ __ ] up okay they don't they're
protesters [ __ ] like no justice no peace
we dying from this yeast no justice no
peace
we're dying from this Jesus right
because brain is the enemy and I get it
right so you already had signs signs of
just like the most beautiful like
complaints like like things that say
like I can't we
hands up dump glue and it was a luck
it was a white boy with brain above his
hand with his hands are right after hey
this is not a real thing okay
this is not a rare protest we got a go
but we couldn't leave because they block
the entrance by these protesters who
were Pro bred for library in particular
right and I knew they were on some
[ __ ] cuz they had these red hats
they had red hats out they had these
hats that said make America bake again
right and this is just me expressing my
political views and Umbria pons so to
story right so then this is true with
jus sorry okay I'm drunk okay
so the leader comes up on a motorcycle
because he had like the official white
trans I was people just like a trucker
had were like the denim jean jacket with
no sleeves right and he came up and I
saw that hand raised up I don't like
[ __ ] and he said it he said white flour
white flour my brother and look as a
South Sider from Chicago I've grown up I
want a lot of [ __ ] up things so to see
you all being decimated by pumpernickel
it hurts man look that's my time I had a
good time I'm Dave Allen have a good
night please
[Music]
I don't like dressing up that much on
stage mostly because I hate going to the
dry cleaners man I always feel like I'm
getting scammed in there you ever feel
like that like think about this every
time you go into a dry cleaners what's
it look like there's thousands of
clothes up there yet there's never a
line of people right like how the hell
is that mathematically possible should
there be a line out the door like
Chipotle considering the volume of [ __ ]
in there we're all the people man I
think I finally figured it out you know
it is I think the people that work there
they just put their [ __ ] up there to
make it seem busy right that's what it
is because think about what are you
gonna do a dry cleaners just one shirt
going this lonely rollercoaster like
being
you'd be like who the [ __ ] this place
they suck right they probably have a bad
yelp score plus they don't want you to
see what's going on the back that's what
is they want to block your view right
they don't want you to see what they're
really doing does anyone know what
they're doing back there
nobody knows isn't that strange you take
your nice clothes all the way over there
and just go I trust you right you don't
know they know you don't know I think
they're just like gambling and cutting
up ducks and all sorts of legal Asian
[ __ ] back there selling foie gras or
whatever that is yeah they know you
don't know I think they just spray
Febreze I hang out there for a couple of
days right you know how you know cuz
when they tell you what's gonna be ready
they always sound like they're guessing
they're like a Tuesday by 4:00 okay
because you're just hoping they'll be
long enough to arrow they have no
[ __ ] clue and they need the time to
try on your [ __ ] you think they're not
doing that
they got everybody's nicest clothes I
look cool one more this the Vegas I'm
wear this the Vegas you're like gonna
have this for the weekend they're like
sorry I need it for the weekend okay
that joke is so funny to me but it's
like never is funny to the audience that
it is for me like I think it's hilarious
I laugh about all the time the audience
is always like moderately amusing yeah
well like we don't care that much about
the dry cleaner is that what is it with
that like it did you I need to be more
physical with the comedy I know I'm not
that physical I just kind of stand here
and talk and stuff do I need to just be
more maybe I should just sell that joke
to like a more physical comedian I think
I might do that this year I'm just gonna
sell that joke to like Aziz Ansari or
something so gonna be like whoa that
[ __ ] was crazy I was at the dry cleaners
there was tons of clothes and Kanye West
jetliner his differ
Oh then my cousin Hera
why is he so surprised all the time he's
Indian and went to college but shits
blowing his mind what the [ __ ] stuff
that [ __ ] is crazy
wait yeah I'm not fooling me bro I'm
just kidding man I like Aziz man he's
funny he's like from the East Coast like
me he's a minority do but he's not doing
like a stereotypical thing so I'd like
to see that I don't even like hating on
celebrities to be honest with you there
was only one celebrity that I only hated
on like for no reason and that was Nick
Cannon I used to just hate Nick Cannon
for no reason I'd be like this [ __ ] Nick
Cannon man like I was one of those dudes
I was like was he all happy for [ __ ]
Nick Cannon he's a gone Nick alone me
[ __ ] Nick Cannon oh [ __ ] him on can't
[ __ ] Nick Cannon is I am on TV almost
initial but [ __ ] this dude I don't know
why I just felt like that then I heard
him on Howard Stern about a year ago and
he has a new special out and it's called
[ __ ] Nick Cannon right so I was like
alright that's pretty funny you know
he's got a good sense of humor about
himself he knows there's haters and you
just gotta say well whatever right and
then I started listening to him talk and
I gotta be honest I changed my mind
completely like he was really
inspirational and he's really positive
not this like fake la positive like uh
go to yoga get acupuncture and [ __ ] you
know like like he would he had a great
attitude and great outlook he didn't let
negativity get to him he just kept on
going and working hard and it really
changed my miles like you know what I
see why everyone likes him now he's a
good guy I like Nick Cannon then Howard
was like how BIG's your penis he was
like nine inches I was like man [ __ ]
Nick can
hi my name is Katie big hi guys we go
I met a transvestite his name was Tucker
which I thought was redundant
thank you have you guys noticed that the
Beatles have been dying in order of
coolness guess we've got more of a Ringo
crowd I discovered in during a recent
blind taste test that blind people are
delicious
let's give out it we figured out what's
going on good thank you thanks sir it's
common now for people to use the phrase
it is what it is
I'm not sure what this phrase means but
I think it equates to I'm not good at
thinking but I sure do like talking
hitting home for that lady all right yes
yes AIDS Walk is the combination of my
two least favorite things
yeah it's not bad right decent joke
writing right there
playing the back pipes is the same as
saying I don't care for others how'd you
get stuck all the way over there I don't
know about you guys but I I really like
those green reusable grocery bags they
burn longer than the plastic ones if
you're full of piss and vinegar you
probably have a bladder infection
confident I have dyslexia back in 2031
that's one thing about me then I am dumb
everyone knows that knows them knows me
knows that I'm dumb but they also know
that I'm like the happiest guy in the
world I'm probably happy because I'm
dumb all right every smart person I've
ever met to be pistol up all the time
different meta smart person there was no
noise there was pissed off I think they
put all this learning in the brain and
then they don't know what to do with it
and then that frustrates them so just
walk around all day like global warming
in gluten other smart [ __ ] I don't know
what they're thinking about I know I
don't struggle with that at all just
happy you know I'm usually picturing
animals wearing clothes but Fresno is a
queen laughing but the dog dogs don't
wear rain boot
[Applause]
and I know that I don't want to sit like
I've got a special colonizer called dumb
is gooder and uh and I know that once I
put that out everyone's gonna be mean to
me they're gonna send me all these
emails like you I beat the [ __ ] the
knowledge is power and then I'm not
saying smart is bad I'm just saying
smart don't do nothing for the world
that you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] all the
time that's my boy yes kindness love
acceptance that's what changes the world
not knowing [ __ ] if I get a flat tire
tonight I need some nice person to be
like I'll help you need some nerd
showing up like wow that's why you check
the air
[Music]
Hampton Yount everybody guys smoke I'm
gonna smoke pot it's my pop I don't boo
but because my parents did a lot so I
don't need to you don't hate to get what
I'm saying
but everyone can agree anti marijuana
ads in this country have gotten [ __ ]
ridiculous they are insane right like
you like the low-rent one where like you
know a dog will be talking to a girl and
it'll be like a Vanessa I'm your dog
don't smoke pot woof woof woof or like a
girl will be melted on the couch with no
bones which is like I smoke pot now I
don't have bones the worst one I ever
saw they put all the time when I was in
high school in college right it's of a
girl she's getting high at a house party
and she goes a little bit buns go I'm so
high right now instantly like it lips
touches but woe like it takes a [ __ ]
minute right it's not instant you're not
just like jazz music prepara time what
up what up but it takes like a minute so
she gets low I'm so high I gotta go way
down so she goes upstairs in this house
party goes lays down a bedroom then like
a second later some dude enters the
doorway of the bedroom just see like
this ominous silhouette of a bro like
backwards baseball cap pop collar you
like oh [ __ ] is gonna go down closes the
door screen goes dark and then cutting
through the darkness you hear no no no
it's creepy then you hit it now just
boys go if you smoke pot you might not
have the power to keep bad things from
happening to you I was like shouldn't
that ad just be don't rape like
I think we're missing the much larger
issue here what just happening little
bit yeah the pot smoking was incidental
nobody gives a [ __ ] about the pot
smoking I just love like the ad had this
weird attitude of lag look people are
gonna rape no way to buy that [ __ ] hear
your [ __ ] together hippies is on you you
guys my name is Hampton you guys have
been great have a great night
I saw the saw the die-hard for Bruce
Willis good actor get a little older
though Bruce Willis oh he's gonna die
hard now he's gonna have to pop a Viagra
come on folks big thing with teenagers
now fixing ecstasy in viagra it's not a
good idea it is I had to drag my
grandfather home from a rave I'm like
that better be a glowstick grandpa then
they came up with viagra for women
I thought we already had that it's
called cash I like the viagra commercial
on TV but the guy walks in the office he
goes hey mom is that new haircut now
setting a suit Bob no that's a boner but
nice talking to you
now if you were raised in the South
chances are manners are a big deal to
you right healthy was they was probably
even beat into your head so much so that
you can be on a phone call and forget am
amorous are you flinching nobody there
to hit you right not brought that
attitude to the west coast with me when
I moved out here man and I found out the
hard way to do [ __ ] st. reciprocated
right because I moved out here in the
middle of the summer and it was hot as
hell
all right and I was getting ready to
walk into the casino one day and right
when my hand hit the handle of the door
I could see in the glass the reflection
of a little old lady walking in behind
me so I did the right thing you know I
opened up the door and said there you go
ma'am she stopped dead in her tracks and
goes what'd you just call me uh ma'am
she goes that's disrespectful
you just called me old hey no that's a
sign of courtesy it's a sign of respect
she goes well ma'am is one letter off
from madam you pretty much just called
me a hole I was like well look here you
old [ __ ] it's 115 [ __ ] degrees out
here how about you scurry on into the
casino huh because we're both melting
and it looks like you're going a little
faster than I tonight not only give you
some of y'all laugh some of y'all grow
them like it was your grandmother ladies
and gentlemen not too long ago I I took
on one of the toughest jobs known to
mankind
I became a stay-at-home mom to a
two-year-old boy
that usually gets way more applause when
a woman says beginning to think you guys
ain't all about equality out there
either that or you just assume my gender
neither of which is okay not getting you
guys like I ain't buying that [ __ ] he
sell weed out of his garage and all the
men are looking at me like boy you are
way too able-bodied to be hanging out
with a child all day you should be at
work in a shop somewhere and I hear you
but look at me I'm sweating standing
still like my ocean nightmare and we'll
meet anywhere near you place the
business man look man I grew up in
mechanic shops and I spent my entire
adult hood in body shops and I've got
myself to a point in my life where I'm
able to hang out with my son all day
every day it's badass man I wouldn't
trade it for the world
the only downside to it is that while
he's inside playing with his toys I end
up watching too much television right
and I end up watch the TV shows that
make me feel better about the way my
life's going right like I'm new to this
whole stay-at-home-mom thing so needless
to say the house is a little bit of a
mess okay y'all ain't buying that [ __ ]
the house is a lot of beautiful miss and
I'm trying like hell to get it together
y'all I really am and it ain't happen
alright and I'm beating myself up pretty
bad about it one day as I'm flipping
through the old TV chains until I
stumble across the TV show called
hoarders then I immediately feel better
about the mess I got going on you know
what I mean cuz the state has never
knocked on my door with an army of men
holding shovels I think I'm doing pretty
good
you know what I mean I've never been
tidying up and found a dead cat
I'm doing alright and I make sure to
keep it on the television for my old
lady comes home from work right because
inevitably she's gonna come through the
door all pissed off this place is a damn
man and I just pointed to television
like [ __ ] you need some perspective
anyway and think you realize how good
you got it right now how about you step
over all them cereal boxes and get me
something to drink
[Music]
my my uncle on my Pakistani side he
doesn't like hearing bad things about
Pakistan so doesn't like hearing a lot
of things and sad sad um but I went to
his house and at his house he only has
Pakistani Indian TV which is you haven't
seen it it's like 24 hour music videos
like still and like every music video is
the same music video like every Indian
music videos like it's all a guy chasing
a girl but there's a pillar in the way
can't go round that pillar the pillars
like the number one form of birth
control in India it's not working very
well there's a break in the music videos
on comes and news news starts talking
about a Pakistani terrorist but my
uncle's like mm-hmm no you see these
guys at the Sarah Pakistani they're
actually Indians pretend to be Pakistani
I was like how do you know that like
because they're uncircumcised how do you
know that I was like because after they
blow themselves up they find the bodies
uncircumcised so my uncle thinks after
terrorist blows himself up and the dust
settles laying in the dirt is just an
unscathed uncircumcised penis and then
there's a huge government cover-up we
gotta get these dicks at it
and it's like doing that joke because I
like picturing a dick rolling for
thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory
dot-com
ladies I get it you assume it's easy to
please you because for you it's very
easy to please a man because every guy
just wants the same thing every guy
doesn't matter where you go you mean the
deep south there you want a [ __ ]
no man go up to Connecticut my god lover
you hardly go for a [ __ ]
well damn [ __ ] drop you off in Africa
Mila no job thanks having sex that dude
is like walking in IKEA with an allen
wrench like oh my god this works on
everything get it though
you're being considerate when you don't
talk to us about the sex I know you are
cuz you have a good heart ladies you
know your man has an ego that's why you
don't do it you know cuz you know if you
go up to your man and say hey baby don't
do that move tonight instead this move
instead please my gal no you man looks
you it goes who the [ __ ] did that move
right before I damn it's terrible it's
immature okay ladies so there has to be
a compromise all right a way for men to
get better at sex without women having
to tell us what to do now I have this
solution okay video games yes yes video
games think about it make no stuff
nowadays because of video games not one
man this room has ever play in the NFL
yet we know the cover to defense is
because we played Madden we don't yes we
know basic military weaponry strategy
cuz a game like medal bond or Call of
Duty battlefield there's men this room
right now who think they can play guitar
right guitar hero great game Guitar Hero
it starts off with the controller shaped
like a guitar they hand it to you it's
got buttons up here that correspond
music on the TV you at notes at the
right time as the music on your TV you
get points awesome let's pointing that
in the right direction
we don't need Guitar Hero we need [ __ ]
hero
[Laughter]
[ __ ] hero level 1 4 5 choose your
weapon begin and rub the lips rub the
lips from the lips of the lips and we go
and we go here we go here we go let's
see that's what do you that's what they
do they switch because they know where
Dana you're laid up Molina hit the
button hit the buck and the bug hit the
button the Shocker at the shocker gonna
write some of that [ __ ] down
I have been severely depressed lately I
know I don't do it for pity I enjoy
being depressed being the press's cool
man
being troubled you know like James Dean
chicks like that they look at you and
they go if I could just reach him I
could just change him I can bring
happiness to them and you're going as
long as you bring the breasts along with
that I'm here for you to help and assist
in any way that your breasts can comfort
me
it's amazing how how just your visual
the males are you know women truly are
the higher because they fall in love
with their concept of them and they fall
in with the inside of the man women you
know I read cars more than things like
that let me go he talks to me he looks
at me when he's talking he he's
interested in things I'm interested in
other words women fall in love with the
inside of the man and man we we finally
lower the outside does have the outside
isn't pleasing we're not going inside
the goal going inside is that well
that's goal in that you know eventually
we will fall in love with a Patti on the
outside but inside has to be nice
business for you all I don't know I'm
just trying to be cool you know you know
what it is my son who turns 17 years old
next week yeah I started extremely early
like when I was graduating high school
my son was graduating preschool that's
how young of a dad I am like we mutually
decided to have our graduation party
together at Chuck E Cheese group
decision I was a young bit I was like
here's how young of a dad I am like I
remember my son ran into my room he's
probably three at this time it was like
2:00 a.m. he screamed dad dad dad
there's a must of my room is a must of
my room and I remember getting mad at my
son because I thought he was bringing
the monster into my room go back to your
room at when the monster wants you it's
something that I said as a father he
just like dad do something I was like I
so I pick my son up I put him on my
shoulder and I ran into my dad's or my
dad there's a monster I roll I live an
interesting life cuz my story gets more
interesting I knocked up a lesbian who
want to try out man
oh yeah that's what happened in high
school and now she's full on butch like
the baggy pants the Timbo boobs like the
flannel with the low-cut like that's my
baby mama I'm knocked up a more
masculine version of myself like when
we're out in public we look like a gay
couple that adopted a child and I don't
look like the top and his gay
relationship that I'm in all right God
my life is crazy it is and I
have to explain this to my son because
to my son he doesn't see lesbian he
doesn't see butch he's like this is mom
you're dead why are you why are you are
not together anymore because like she's
my best friend she's my homie like I'd
like to hold me up like which is
weird to say out loud but up there and
so I told my son I was like Malcolm you
know me your mom we just happen to like
the same gender he say what did it's
like yeah that's the first time he heard
this he's like I know it that i know it
and i was like friendly malcolm what is
it that you knew he was like that your
mom both like man wait you think i'm the
game right now man what did i do that
made you think that i was gay
he's like i can see to poison you love
pocket right there like here's what it
wasn't made my son think that i was gay
so my son who follows me on facebook a
few years ago i to know that the
eggplant emoji stood for food for dick
ambiance me job and i made a post on
facebook that said i had eggplant for
the first time last night and really
enjoyed it it was life-changing
so my sauce head he reads i had dick for
the first time last night but something
I got life-changing dick out there and
then like the Spanish but my son doesn't
respect me as a father he does it
because I'm such a young dad and here's
how I knew my son didn't respect me as a
father so a couple of months ago I
busted my son's room and I caught my son
watching porn and I jumped in there like
nah he freezer ah haha slams his laptop
shut he looks up and says oh man I
thought she was mama lifts the laptop
back up and continues to watch the
foreigner and I was like not worrying
about tripping I just caught you
watching porn he's like dad is big
booties 3 I said they came out
with a bird
all right y'all I'm really mad thank you
all Elizabeth
[Applause]
[Music]
you
the worst part about being half black
and half asian as people expect me to be
an expert on everything black and
everything Asian I don't know anything
about either side
I don't care people come to me with
their half black questions all the time
I don't have a full answer I don't have
all the info when the Tiger Woods thing
happened that ruined my life for like
six months everybody came to me now
you're half black and half asian why'd
he do it I don't know we're not a club
we don't tweet each other I don't
understand racist questions two weeks
ago this girls like mal what's in kung
pao chicken I'm a comedian not a chef
why would I know that because you're
half asian and black people love chicken
what's in it stupid you idiot we're at
Panda Express why don't you ask the
Mexican guy cooking up he knows soon
you
love being a comic it's fun I do it cuz
it's so much fun and I just can't deal
with real work do you have a real job
what do you do you're an engineer nice
you got the little hat you work for a
train
you work for tree I was in a train once
that's a real job engineer I can't get a
real job it's cuz of my sense of humor
is like as a comic I can't pass up a
joke and that will get you in trouble
cuz not everybody has a sense of humor I
went and worked in Mexico recently and
customs agents have no sense of humor
none guy stops me at the border anything
to declare I'm wearing women's underwear
he checked I can't even get a real job
cuz I can't pass up a joke I can't even
make my way through a job application
it's pretty much over for me right after
name sex it'll help get the job sure
what's the next question
position desired I thought that was kind
of personal so I just drew a diagram if
you ever I'm looking for work you want
to have some fun where it says who to
notify in case of emergency
just put 9-1-1
[Laughter]
[Music]
hi before I got here we can talk about
this one last thing porn dude do it's so
funny it's so fun and there's there's so
much I think there is Sun much more like
you've never been to the last page on
pornhub no right if you have you're
disgusting and the [ __ ] like Google
doesn't go that deep and what's crazy
about to me is just a fact alike but
there's so much well like there's
millions of people who have had sex on
the internet I guess in the palm of your
hand all David it's so accessible I'm
like you've never met any of these
people that's not weird to you they're
among us I've never been wholefoods have
been like you look so familiar that is
love because there's so much that people
have to get innovative about it man like
there's so many good categories do that
[Laughter]
okay there was one I came across the
boutique's to get not literally poor
choice of words so there's a couple
weeks ago I get home after like a mildly
long day and I'm I'm doing that and you
know I'm scrolling scrolling looking for
a new one you know you've been like
seeing it Xena and I finally [ __ ]
find one like I don't recognize the
[ __ ] thumbnail for it
I click on it and let me just start this
with light I don't know how to cook at
all not a [ __ ] clue wouldn't even
attempt it like I know nothing about
cooking so the video starts off is this
dude is yeah like the camera like very
like POV angle right let's not be
[ __ ] children you know what that
means
it's his point of view of the entire
time and the video starts out with his
POV of him cooking eggs right I can't
cook eggs have never tried to cook eggs
but like this wasn't it you know what I
mean like in these eggs Oh for like 5 to
6 minutes and I'm just like what hot
like how long is he gonna go so for like
5 to 6 minutes he's [ __ ] these eggs
up and then like his stepdaughter like
comes around the corner of the kitchen
and it's like raw I really need my
permission slip sign to go on this field
trip so he's just like [ __ ] how bad
do you want to go this she just starts
sucking his dick because how else do you
get to the zoo
the next 15 to 20 minutes it's just him
handing back and forth between a purse
sucking his dick and [ __ ] up these
eggs cook them the whole time I had to
watch to be like is it omelet
I was just so impressed like I'd always
wished I could meet like a born so every
guy kind of like fantasize about which
one he would want to like you know hook
up with a real life but like but you
don't always want to meet your heroes
bro
I met a porn star last summer I was like
meeting Bigfoot please don't think it's
gonna happen my roommate and I were
walking to get lunch right in North
Hollywood like two blocks from my house
and I was we were going into the
restaurant coming out of the restaurants
this beautiful girl right we both turn
we see her we recognize her it's um it's
Lisa Ann ladies she's like the number
one porn star in the world guys you know
the [ __ ] I'm talking about my roommate
Cesar loses shades like do to do to do
you know that is I was like yeah I have
a right arm I'm a menace
he's like totally fangirling out is if
we take a picture for me like come on
don't be that dude is I please go please
find whatever hands me his phone runs
over to her ask for a picture she's very
polite you know yeah of course put some
on my waist they're posing I got the
camera one two three take the picture
he's like you won't want a corpse
I know older my roommate has the camera
she puts arm around my waist to oppose
him remain as a cameras count down one
two three and on three as he flashes the
camera she leans in and kisses me right
on the cheek and my roommate loses [ __ ]
like I've seen her work I'm like
that's attempted murder you can't be out
here just putting mandingo on people's
faces lady thank you guys so much my
name is Matt rife thank you so much for
coming out
[Applause]
[Music]
one of my wives wanted to sing the
national anthem at a baseball game is
actually true and I said you know being
a sports fan I suggested that we walk
next door to the recording studio on lot
we're shooting and pre record the song
because that's a hard song to sing right
and Barbra Streisand pre records it you
know I use that and she's like no I'm
gonna sing it lie on it I begged her
because there's a delay and everything
vector but you know there's some battles
you cannot win and you have to pick them
you know anyway we go down to San Diego
and it's a it's a you know it's
beautiful night a lot of people and she
sings the national anthem
and it was going pretty horrible and you
know on any level and then she grabbed
your crotch and spit the guy said you
guys I was posted throughout the first
pitch after that and the guy's like you
probably just want to leave but I'm like
no I want to throw out the first pitch
because I know there would be a lot in
another baseball stadium again as well
by the other so I did throw out the
first pitch and then we got out of there
but being a good husband in the 25
minutes it took to fly back to LA by the
time we landed I had her convinced that
it went pretty well because that's what
we do because she was all bummed out
she's like oh that was terrible I think
no no no no it wasn't that bad she owes
people are booing
I know that's what they do baseball
that's a sign of endearment you know
she's like really I'm like yeah and in
the wind you grab your crotch it's bit
the players were on the ground laughing
she's yeah they were laughing and I did
hear some cheers I got I heard a lot of
cheers honey
[Applause]
and that a guy who delivers babies
babies for a living and I was like
what's the funniest thing that's ever
happened you could think of anything for
about 20 minutes thinking and then he
told me the funniest thing I've ever
remind our life and how it would be the
first thing he thought of the kind of
story that would haunt my nightmares
but he goes this would seem like she was
ready to deliver so I went in to check
her cervix to see that it was dire like
she'd be worried daily when she was like
he said it's pretty tight it's like a
Pokemon there it's very tight
always at least one person giggles it's
the cervix I'm talking about that I'm
not sure what the cervix is but it's
[Laughter]
I think it's like that little spongy
donut at the back I touched it once so
the tip my dick don't worry about it but
uh and I'm a good person I picked an
Asian guy for that so I don't all right
[Applause]
where were we the cervix so he goes in
to take the cervix it should be very
dilated wings let's protect he goes like
hours later again so they knew dilate
still very tight he does this in tune
again eventually she realizes that she
is fully dilated she has been the whole
time it's just that the baby's butt is
not African you need to put it together
for several hours this medical
professional
I couldn't finger black singing on burn
child's below I was like how is that not
the first thing you thought it that
should haunt your nightmares for sure
even the kid remember said someday that
kid isn't a prostate exam like I wonder
where scaling up Dasia ready he's got an
amazing story for the rest of his life
he's like how old were you when he got
molested o0 so I win
[Music]
you
[Music]
Mexicans are dope do not love Mexican
people the funniest thing I ever heard
in my life came from a Mexican dude it
was actually st. Patrick's Day see fecha
days coming up it was st. Patrick's Day
last year at a DUI checkpoint alright I
pull up to the checkpoint it's a big
drinking holiday they got checkpoints I
pull up to the checkpoint windows rolled
down the cops waved me on so I'm cool
but I always got to look to see who they
have pulled over I always I look to see
who they got pulled over to older
Mexican dudes sitting on the curb and
I'm talking like just got here from me
you know what the [ __ ] cowboy had
anything the [ __ ] rooster on the back
of the truck on the curb and you sit
looking at the cop this is what I hear
him say word for word this is what he
says to the elders like what I wanted to
why it was such a good scene I want to
videotape her but there's too many cops
watching
so my [ __ ] I just I just I pulled over
this is [ __ ] up I pulled over and I
was just watching the scene dude it was
the funniest [ __ ] he was so he would
part it
everybody drinking the green beer maybe
you drunk I was trying to find and then
July putting the stop sign for me to
pull on [ __ ] front I could keep
driving just let me go
you can face a fish hey hey did you let
me go let me go
porn is here for the same positioning
I don't having an eye pin if I cannot
drink him to sympathises it's okay hey
parent you can go drinking for Cinco de
Maya
having a good week you guys I'm havin a
good week the week started on Monday all
right I chose in Denver this past
weekend I'm flying back from Denver I'm
in the airport sitting it first of all
have you guys ever had an altercation
with somebody and I'm based on that
altercation you know you're gonna have
good days ahead of you that's what
happened to me so I'm in the airport
Denver Monday
sitting at the gate looking at pictures
on my iPhone just chillin looking at
pictures on my iPhone all of a sudden I
see two feet stop right here I look up
there's a lady glaring at me very upset
very upset so I said to her is
everything okay and she goes I saw you
like huh she goes I saw you trying to
take a picture of me have you guys ever
been accused of something that's so out
of left field and crazy and that the
first thought that pops in her head
comes flying out of your mouth
immediately she does I saw you trying to
take a picture of me I was like have you
seen your face and then I saw her face
ball up and get uglier and I was like
Lulu I said that out loud that's pretty
[ __ ] up but she didn't say anything
after that you guys she just walked away
and I felt warm inside like the holidays
inside of my body because I realized at
that moment right there that's the
greatest insult to any person ever you
ever get hassled by somebody hit him
with that line have some confidence
about it there is no comeback right hey
have you seen your face what could they
possibly say that um yeah
alright then so you know what I'm
talking about ugly be nicer to people
you're hideous or whatever you want to
say to them by the way the confident
people are laughing right now the
confident people are laughing that's
about a third of you or laughing that's
good
two-thirds of the audience right now
it's just staring at me like I've seen
my face I don't like this [ __ ] one bit
move on dude move on if you guys want to
see that chick she's on my Instagram at
Mel Hall hashtag
have you seen your face she was hideous
you guys she caught me you have to think
on your feet sometimes
I voted for George Bush I felt like we
needed some good tough racist laws in
this country like black women under the
age of 21 should not be allowed to name
black children by themselves I know my
mama had me when she was 15 so I know
the damage I didn't like finessing on
stage name [ __ ] it was either this a
hairdresser ain't had no choice what I
was going to do with my life your mama
the same with my I mean we never got
along because we're in the same age
group you know I mean I I had to go to
four high school proms in my life to
hers because she couldn't find a
babysitter two of my my teachers would
get mad at me finish you're not doing
your homework bring your mother to the
school I want to meet your mother I'm
like my mama have our own homework
problem she don't have time to come up
to this school finesse bring him up to
school my god so I told my mama next day
she rolled her bike up to the school
said that pink huffy hmm hey miss green
sorry I'm late I had drill team practice
I know my son in trouble just go ahead
and tell me what he did miss Mitchell
I've been asking finesse all week he
would not give me an answer
finesse who signed the Declaration of
Independence I don't know
finesse who signed the Declaration of
indepen on my I don't know mom I said
hold on Miss Greene let me ask come I
bear up well if you sign the damn thing
tell her
let me see the signature I know his
signature he's landed steps and and [ __ ]
I'm broke as [ __ ] I just applied for a
job at Taco Bell
has anyone ever seen the job application
at Taco Bell what [ __ ] is writing the
questions on this application question
number three and I quote how did you
hear about Taco Bell what the [ __ ] how
did I hear about Taco Bell I live on
earth you piece of shits it's not the
Illuminati I walked here from my house
how do you think I heard of Taco Bell I
googled diarrhea and your name came up
they asked if you're currently employed
let's go with no let's check the no box
there Einstein who's leaving their
current job to work at Taco Bell what
piece of [ __ ] job do you right now I
work at Del Taco what I'm trying to take
it up a notch in the taco game say ha ha
my goal is to pull a 2017 they drug test
at Taco Bell
what are you [ __ ] me why wouldn't
you want a meth head at Taco Bell you
know how fast they are
give me a taco there you go holy [ __ ]
this guy is good
that's the employee of the los mastheads
t he's there at 6 a.m. because he's been
slept in like eight months those tacos
are flying off the shelves back out stop
that now Steve no one's even here I see
people
Ahsan the Loch Ness monster in the drive
throne here's one of the questions on
the application and here's how it's
phrased what drugs have you done not
have you done drugs
they're not even bullshitting anymore
it's Jaco but there's like eight black
lines who is answering this [ __ ]
honestly what drugs have that done
you mean like today how do you spell PCP
when does I start
I envy your hairline that's real it's
really real look at mine
it seems like it's coming forward people
are always afraid of a receding hairline
what about one that's creeping towards
your eyes every time you look at it it
stops you know anyway worried say no
sorry I thought they were ceiling fans
but then I looked up and I realized
their words when your hair climbs into
your face
[Music]
I just feel like people don't have a
good sense of humor when they think
they're in a position of authority this
girl wouldn't let me into the haunted
house I wanted to pay by credit card and
she said she need to see some ID I mean
you see some ID and I said okay and then
I couldn't find my ID and it was
Halloween and they were closing I was
like look I I don't have my ID but do we
just trust me I'm with my friends I just
I want to pay by credit card she goes
sorry no credit card no ID you shouldn't
make any sense at all I mean that was
the opposite of what was happening in
fact the exact opposite so you know then
I said okay well just could you make an
exception like just distantly you're the
only person here you know that you've
you ever felt what she wasn't the only
person there that would be a weird
haunted house Winnett she's like here's
your change hold on stay there
[Laughter]
[Applause]
thank she's the only one that really had
to like enforce that rule you know
Sookie please make it so she goes sorry
I was just really mean so I just looked
it I go alright so let me just get this
straight my head before I leave you
won't let me pay for my friends and I
had to go into your establishment
because I'm trying to pay with a credit
card and I don't have ID and you're
concerned that I stole a credit card and
headed straight to the haunted house and
his finally found a credit card and I
was like yeah what do we do buy
electronics hell no let's get scared
with our friends for 25 minutes
guy with a scarf come on that's real you
know what happens when somebody insults
you about your scarf okay this is what
you do okay
some guy comes up he goes hey nice scarf
where's the bag at you fat cat somebody
does that just like this oh you don't
like my scarf well let me take it off
you dying
you choke them to death and as they're
dying and you look into their eyes you
can see just this all they communicate
as they die they just look at you like I
wish I had also worn a scarf do you guys
ever have nightmares nobody none of you
have nightmares well this is incredibly
isolating I think I had a nightmare
about this ice with a group of strangers
and I was like just anyone else have
nightmares and you're like watch out
those Cerrone ever tell somebody your
nightmare the next day and they try and
one-up it with the nightmare they had a
long time ago they're like oh you think
that's scary when I was 13 I saw
Exorcist and I believe that my mother's
eyes were made of spiders and you're
like I don't give a [ __ ] about your
nightmare I'm trying to make a
connection with you about this fear that
I felt at a time when I was completely
out of control my own subconscious was
betraying me or somebody will be like oh
yeah nightmares I have night terrors
geez pointing somebody they do that
you got night terrors do you really oh
yeah see you're even [ __ ] smug about
it right now
this is [ __ ] [ __ ] you and your night
terrors oh yeah I have night terror
oh I'm sorry about your bad dreams about
female horses but my nights are filled
with terror was that I wasn't get him to
the Greek thank you very much is this
the part where you think - this is just
a conversation between the two of us
it's a strange thing that you're like
now start talking to you here are the
things that I know you from I enjoyed
your performance and get him to the
Greek I wasn't a fan of How to Train
Your Dragon you were okay
I was just hypothetically being you I'm
not purporting to really know what you
feel about the different film projects
have been in you've never seen it but
you're a fan of it you see my comedy
central you guys trust me we need to get
all this out of the way what is
happening there's no other job like this
you know where you go on stage or not on
stage even but like what if I worked at
a law office and I just came in and
you're like hey sy you in the break room
I liked a you got that coffee
yeah saying your cubicle - that's pretty
good and I don't really like cubicles I
feel like you're a poor man's office and
one woman screamed for that and another
woman died for that and it's usually the
girl and her boyfriend is taking the
picture and you know she gets into that
position that all women get into you
know you have one except one you know
what I'm talking about though you have
that one because you know not only are
women expect you to be beautiful but
also be photogenic and every single
picture that is taken of them they're
also expected to have career as the
enemy mothers because if they're only a
career woman and they don't have a
family than their failure but if they're
only a mother and they're also a failure
so I don't know why they're going crazy
I can't imagine right societal pressures
would lead to literal insanity I've
never taken a picture in a girl's like I
know take it again take it in my of my
arm look fat no it didn't
that's not a real thing no guys no one
is looking there's never been a guy
who's looked at pictures like oh damn
she fine she got that badass Michelin
Man arms
[Music]
I want some cruel voice like some sexy
that girls like you know what I mean
salt I wanted right there you go [ __ ]
right there girls love that color how
are you
you'll grow up like that hello how are
you are you for real
yes I am quite for real
hello I feel like that's how British do
it to wake up in the morning just
alright then the wife goes away hello
then they're kids
literally that's how I wake up why don't
bring us people always say literally
they say that way too much why are you
saying I'm it's like I trying to prove
how British they are I'm literally
British I'm literally British they say
well they don't even need to they're
like are literally I a hot dog I
couldn't meet you had lunch no I
literally ate a hot on it literally shot
down me esophagus so it literally stayed
at me stomach region for literally like
four hours until I literally expel their
out me ass
that's when it's sad honor
hey have you ever been threatened by a
British dude it's hilarious you don't
know what the [ __ ] is going on you don't
know if it's good or bad or what they
don't make any sense they just say [ __ ]
right they'll just be like you keep
talking to me like that you keep yapping
off at the Nano so we'll see what
happens
you keep chomping them clam bits I'll
get this to Z boys to roll up on you
I'll leave you are for your Main Street
if your pants around your ankles and a
lollipop in your mouth you're like yo is
that a party I don't know what of yeah
it's a part of you Barger off you see
what happens I'll come over bright and
early and do grant work in your bathroom
like for free I don't know yeah for free
literally do not not literally do not
not like literally sausage in your
answer not literally a sausage literally
my penis anyway doesn't matter I'm not
doing it
I'm the world champion look at it it's
on a jeans jacket I've been just been
real okay I'm the greatest athlete in
the world and a master the martial arts
any other martial artists here tonight
yes cool what belt are you you're a red
belt okay I wouldn't even say that to
yourself let alone in front of all those
people I'm an extra dark black belt I
could kill you with my left nut and
that's the weaker of my seven nuts
where'd you train where'd you train and
Oregon great state Oregon one of the top
50 states in America in my opinion worst
karate schools in the country a black
belt in Oregon is like a light pink belt
in Kentucky I could kill you right now
and there's not a thing you can do about
it you know why I'm not here right now
I'm behind you this is a karate Mirage
to fake you out look over your right
shoulder look over your right shoulder
nope I was behind your left shoulder
could have killed you twice never take
directions from an opponent typical red
belt Oregon karate mistake
[Applause]
ah I see do coke ever notice that when
you used to do drugs you always gotta
let somebody know and I hated you speedy
[ __ ] I used to do coke I had to do a
lot of coke man like I I reflect back on
my life I did so much coke one time that
I can't Freddy Krueger's sleeping I was
at a party we got dog [ __ ] cops are
here last time I did so much coke my
friends caught me at food for this
putting armor on all the shopping cart
tired I had my own car club that dig the
trip though cuz I adopted a dog I was
all coked out and that commercial came
on the dogs are like a mess saved me
this [ __ ] dog
maybe like three in the morning there be
little dogs out there like 20 of them in
a [ __ ] bird cage I was like I gotta
go get that little [ __ ] so I got
one man I got me a little
he's like a French poodle his name's
killer marilla's following me on
instagram you can see him he's gangsters
[ __ ] my dog he's a rescue dog but I
didn't know he was rescued from a meth
lab in Fontana reels like he's a Tweaker
do it for reals my dog is a [ __ ]
truth you got dogs like what is your dog
do when people read the doorbell
are they not bark great [ __ ] not my dog
if you ring the doorbell he'll just look
at you
you're going look through the mini
blinds
Hey all right go ha ha
who's ready for some comedy uh no but
seriously who's ready for this y2k look
shut up I know I'm not I don't know
nothing about my hewlett-packard
computer and what worse I haven't called
an exterminator
in years years
all right that's a joke I wrote a while
ago it usually goes better all right um
I have a small confession to make this
is my first time doing stand-up comedy
in over 10 years following a personal
tragedy and I've just been living my
life like those years just didn't happen
but now I have accepted the fact that my
wife died in a house fire and I'm ready
to get back into the game ha ha don't
ever ask one more time
are you ready for coffee
[Applause]
all right so my wife and I were watching
TV the other night we were watching TV
and Colin Powell was on the television
talking about the Iraq war and I think
making myself are we really going to
trust this guy to make important
political decisions I mean the man can't
even pick a right to be black and ey to
be black if you're white or L claw so
the other night I was at a house fire
bonfire I was a blonde fire I actually
forget the punch line to that one I get
maybe a little rust here than I thought
hold on oh yes right I wanted to talk
about my mother
any of you have one of those ah I want
to play you a very funny voice message
than my mother left here the other day
um hey DJ can you hit number one on my
phone to play that message please hey
Larry Cheryl you know that happiest
newlywed on the whole planet Cheryl oh
yeah Bella I love you so much Larry
and I just wanted to say that I'm
perfect
oh and I like propane in the house where
you take a look at it I'm going to pick
it up on the couch hi
that was the wrong message um I actually
never heard that message before uh TJ
completed seven to save it hi Mary
it's your mother leaving you a voice mom
call me back what's more she called it a
void small that's hilarious
I wonder what kind of things you might
avoid small I imagine probably different
voices of many varieties here's an
impression of my wife a beautiful sweet
life after purchasing an Australian
accent at the voice mall I think it you
changes channel until home to watch the
football game
that's okay many times about in the
soccer match I wish I was still
[Music]
honey changed the channel I want to
figure out what wakecold howling thank
you very much
[Music]
nothing like a nice cold beer at 10 in
the morning
hi I'm Emily and if you're jealous of my
beer mug don't worry you have a chance
to win one as well
you just got to subscribe comment below
that you're subscribed and let us know a
funny original joke and you have a
chance to win this original Laugh
Factory beer mug you better be funny or
else you won't win
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
man what up it surprises me [ __ ] yeah
alright for marvelous miss man yeah man
I ain't Jewish I only got that job
because my last name is temple Jewish
people love a temple so I don't really
go up my dad so I watched a lot of
Family Matters you know I love Family
Matters cuz it was proof that black
people could have things white people
had like autism yeah Family Matters was
a show about an autistic kid who
terrorized the cop and his family he's
setting a theme song it's a great
condition I told that joke one time I
chose black and goes what are you trying
to say black people are stupid and I was
like no no no I'm smart
no I said it was kicking anger at one
point like I'm sorry what's your name
she's like Doughboy well my name is just
no I do what I do and I was like oh my
god does that mean this black one was
about to shoot at this bar basement in
the curtain you know there's never been
a black female mass shooter despite
everything pretty lucky man
sano about you buy believe in diversity
you crackers believe in diversity me too
that's why I want my daughter to be the
first black female mass shooter my
girlfriend is white which means she'll
be mixed but that's not what they'll say
in the paper headlines like mostly black
woman breaks color barrier dad proud I'm
from Queens in New York and ain't go
through but I recently found out that
Amazon was gonna bulldoze a building I
told the girl I love you in as a
teenager to make room for their new
headquarters so their foundation would
have literally been built on a lot yeah
I never loved you Kendra I love free
shipping you goofy [ __ ]
[Music]
I'm dumb I got a baby brains that's what
I said huh
I just can't grow up I won't grow up I
did this trying to be more of an adult I
just gave a framed poster of the rapper
DMX to Goodwill there it is guys that's
who I was not who I am you can't be 31
and have a framed poster of a shirtless
rapper surrounded by pit bulls and
chains hanging above your bed you can't
do it regular age women walk in and go
nope I was already empty about it but no
[ __ ] way now no [ __ ] way
so dude I was trying to be good as it's
growing up but I couldn't help myself so
when I turned it in to Goodwill I tucked
a fake treasure map into the back of the
frame because I'll just open the same
person who buys a framed poster for
Goodwill will follow a treasure map bit
higher in the back of sin frame they see
national treasures what I'm trying to
say cut to 30 years from now a dig site
outside of New Mexico a young man throws
a shovel down and discussed an old man
creeps up behind him with his cane grabs
it by the scruff of a circle oh you
didn't know we're looking for Dracula Oh
don't make me lose my mind up in hell up
in the hill
[Applause]
[Music]
I am from Virginia from a very racist
part of Virginia called Virginia I don't
know if you can tell by mixed I'm half
white and half trash and I got some
family you know I know you guys have
family that like in the southern part of
Virginia and they're like it's like they
tripped on some steps going for Dean a
staircase you going to me like the
lights are on in the trailer park but
nobody's home you know I'm saying like I
got these feels really relative hands
like all the way up here now if
bowlegged chain-smoking cross-eyed
drooling all the time ladies
I gotta tell you some a new page down
right they would walk around like
racists Cooper lupard hey man come on
boy then with a time brush then we tell
you something they have teeth that look
like to have teaching arm saying a main
trunk crazy who you know that mean the
south is gonna rise again that's our
term buddy that are turn they're going
to be a race war they're going to be a
race war like y'all relax you're 12 and
you're a nice girl also you should
smokin you're pregnant guys he closes
the age of consent in the deep south by
jigsaws mean Guatemala here's my point
guys it's your story so I go out them
all a nice but here's my here's my boy
there are people in the South I don't
mean oh this it's a real thing I'm not
make their people in the south through
the high who team you're going to be
they want a race word there crackers out
there with wanna why the
would you want to race for if you're
white you ever watch sports
white people are going to win that
I know it's a PC culture but can we just
admit as a group that black people are
better at every physical event ever
invented it does not involve water can
we just admit that as a society right
now we just have met that
it's true and they bless you thank you
sir
and black people could be better water
sports they just don't want to do them
right they don't want to swim because
they don't want to get the hard wet
right hockey skin the cold in a
ma'fucker out there and they don't want
to row ever again
now does that the sound of white guilt
I'm hearing what is that's not I'm
trying to identify that sound oh oh I
know
crackers right easy to forget this
country's founded on the backs of slaves
right our country our founding fathers
founded this country I'm slavery easy to
forget right until Oscar season and
almost on you guys Danu 12 years of
slave I should set it the MU 12 years
involuntary immigrant you guys watch the
news you know that Ben Carson set of
slaves or involuntary immigrants did you
hear that and not to be outdone Bill
Cosby said even voluntarily love over 40
winners what's up party people
i'm comedian Ron gee you think that
videos Alaric's feel free to like share
and comment on the video below or you
can see is live at Hollywood Long Beach
Reno and Vegas
don't block your blessing oh yeah
these kids are bad though I snuck up to
the school one day to see about my child
tough up teacher was exaggerating when I
snuck into the school I saw like one
almost always those kids a fight
right piss on each other bike people is
war in those hallways I'm like if you
called me about my child what are you
doing about the other cute this is hard
you can't discipline the kids anymore
right you can't holler at them right you
can't spank them you can't drown them
it's a lot at you tonight it's a lot you
can't do I was watching the news last
year last year there was a big thing
when they were trying to push some
things through some policies right
through the Senate Congress they were
saying hey you know they proposed to
bill with his saying I feel like maybe
we should arm our teachers right
teaching thing to be armed and I was
like you want to armed grade school
teachers apparently you have never been
to a grade school before I can see this
call right now hey mr. Jones I was
trying to find out if you seen Timmy
Timmy to make it home oh well thank you
for calling mr. Jackson well Timmy was
[ __ ] up so I [ __ ] him up like that
you gonna be in the woods looking for
Timmy like the mom old strange of things
do you understand me Timmy's an upside
down place now you better find 11:00
this [ __ ] go these kids are bad
man I don't believe my child is bad as
they say honestly I didn't write edit
each to accessory my child was not that
bad he wasn't he was worse she was
[ __ ] worse I snuck up and I saw my
child right in action snuck up and I
peeked in the classroom just to see how
my son was that I was doing at school
and when I looked at you know what I saw
my son doing my pride and joy and my
baby boy he was in the front of the
classroom
hitting the naynay he was just
there is no music he was the background
dancer and the DJ I was so mad I'm sworn
the door but I said you acted a fool but
we get home
[Applause]
[Music]
it's so funny Los Angeles is so funny
cuz we're never happy with the weather
out here and we're always like upset
right if it's like above 76 we're like
this is still [ __ ] hot if it's below
76 we're like I didn't move here for
this cold-ass weather just never happy
just never ever ever happy like if it's
like chilly we're like it's chilly we
should bring the entire comforter to the
beach bring your whole bed bring all the
blankets bring everything it's
ridiculous in 76 put on two tank tops
come on let's go like it's so weird it
like we're just good ridiculous people
out here you know it's so funny as we
hate being chilly right we hate if it's
too hot the one thing we don't really
give a [ __ ] about is fire right like we
lose their minds for anything else rain
if it rains god forbid it rains people
the city lose their goddamn minds like
no one knows how to operate anymore like
I think we could turn left on red now I
just no more rules but fired this is the
first year when we're like Oh fire was
bad that was pretty sad that was tragic
right
but before number two years ago the fire
on the 101 member that a fire on the
road the hills Ron it looked like hell
the hills are on fire and people were
like I gotta get to a meeting just got a
drive through it
windows up sunroof closed sure let's go
I got an audition just fine my buddy
called me hooked on the east side up on
the west side he was like what's up many
one come hang out and I was like I'm not
sure if you know this or not but there's
actually a fire it's on the highway
right now and he goes well do just drive
through that [ __ ] bro but bring a
sweater is supposed to get chilly
tonight we need to be safe we should be
safe I was doing I was finishing his
show on Koreatown the other night I was
like 10 p.m. so it's already pretty
scared as my car and trying to figure
how to get home with my maps and I was
like I don't forget how to get out of
Koreatown and I couldn't get out of this
place you know and then this guy just a
full-grown man just walks up opens the
backseat sits down puts his seatbelt on
and just looks at me like now it's your
turn for doing something that's like
what and I go hey man what are you doing
and he goes for Todd
and I was like oh this dude thinks I'm
Ober haha I was like I could tell the
truth or you know I could be the hero he
needs me to be I could be over right
here like that's technically kidnapping
but I had nothing to do that night you
know so we start cruising along and
we're good friends now I gotta say to
you eight bucks he was like [ __ ] I was
awesome dude you're really good dude I
like using her because they use waze
waze is the best app because ways makes
it always seem to kind of top secret
mission no matter where you're going
right they want to be like a double oh
seven agents so bad dude
you just turn on like wades like that
it's like Liam Neeson of maps that's
what you do when you turn on ways you
turn on ways you go hey I'm gonna go to
Taco Bell aways and where's goes Taco
Bell I need she there in eight minutes
we need to go right now go straight for
a mile turn right for a mile turn left
for a mile turn right for four feet got
a high of a mile get off the highway get
back on the - I'll get off the highway
get back on the highway turn right and
three feet left with one foot go into
that bridge wait there's two cops ahead
on the shoulder okay quick floor light
source attic turn right turn left turn
right in this guy's driveway it cuts
through trust me I know him left in two
feet right one foot left in this dirt
road I don't see it dirt runways it
hasn't been built yet [ __ ] you've
reached your destination you're like
that was three blocks I should have
[ __ ] walked I'm so high you guys
thanks so much I'm back red yellow great
night
[Applause]
[Music]
young girls now we'll talk in person
like they're on social media and I don't
get it like me and my buddy Kane we were
outside of a show and there's two girls
21 ish and one of them's going through
like all the social media talk like she
started off she was like [ __ ] toast
toast [ __ ] boobs then she says to her
friend right next to her she goes WTF
which has more syllables than just
saying what the [ __ ]
so I don't know how that saves time then
she says to her friend she goes I'm
amazed I told my buddy can I go hold on
I go what she goes I'm amazed I go what
do you mean like like you're hard to
figure out what do you mean she goes no
I'm amazed like I'm amazing
I told Payne I go dude let's go this
[ __ ] is a real [ __ ] I gotta get the
[ __ ] out of here it's too much my
favorite though of all the new terms is
basic [ __ ] oh I love it when girls call
girls basic [ __ ]
like that's how they insulted me like
you a basic [ __ ] you basic [ __ ] you
basic basic [ __ ] I'm like that's all I
want
I just want a basic [ __ ] you know what
do I want to [ __ ] an advanced level
[ __ ] now I just want a basic [ __ ] you
know my mom was a basic [ __ ] my grandma
was a basic [ __ ] I come from a long
line of basic [ __ ] you know I'm a
basic [ __ ] like that's an insult you
know like I don't know I remember you
used to ask girls out and you like what
do you like to do and like the standard
answer was like I like long walks on the
beach I like sitting under the stars and
talking till all hours of the morning
and I used to be like you [ __ ]
cornball but but now I'm like that is my
dream woman
think about everything she wants to do
it's free hey where's that girl that
girl's my Cinderella no Cinderella was a
basic [ __ ] sit a lot of people think
Cinderella's a fairy tale for girls
that's a fairy tale for guys that's a
guy's dream woman think about it she's
hard-working she's beautiful but she
doesn't know it cuz her family always
shits on her so she's probably got
really low self-esteem you know it's
probably really nice but she's actually
gorgeous you know she appreciates the
little things you just give her a
[ __ ] shoe she's happy ah
and the best thing she's gone by
midnight
[Music]
guys are crazy in here I and I'm in my
grandma's just unnecessarily races it
you can't watch TV like you want to you
know saying turn that damn TV off like
what the [ __ ] is Superman I don't give a
damn
I don't like oh [ __ ] he's a white man
with too much power like I say [ __ ] like
that
change it oh yeah [ __ ] I like Superman I
like Batman that's my name
I like Batman because I like his story
you know say like it's a cool story
like what like what's his story like
Batman's of Batwa because he got like
molested by a bat or something he was
young so to overcome his fear of bats he
decided to become a bat and strike
terror into evildoers is that the story
and I was like that [ __ ] is dull you
know it's a dope-ass story because I
have to be the superhero I was gonna be
based off of what the [ __ ] I feared in
life like no one would tune in to see my
[ __ ] like no we're tuned in to see get a
[ __ ] pregnant before I make it man
fight crime oh no it's a practice he's
here somewhere
how do you know I'm getting goosebumps
Oh get it nervous that's how I know to
get a [ __ ] rectum okay let's go they
can show up to the crime scene and shoot
I was giving this record flood man in
the flesh protected of course
what seems to be the problem yo man I
got a USC scholarship and this [ __ ]
trying to keep the baby is that true not
on my watch
miss Harris missiles go no I won't
neither will he is there anything I can
do get a [ __ ] pregnant before I make it
man I owe you my life here's a comic kid
wrap it up I don't want you to make the
same mistake I made
maybe excuse me I got a baby in the car
thank you thank you
Wow is that applause break on camera
and then I got my GED that's real and
then but I don't think that's what makes
a person I think it's what you do after
that right and I had some decisions to
make and the first thing I did when I
got my GED as I joined the Marine Corps
and I know when I say that immediately
you're all like it sucks being fat I
hate it I don't care when you read my
blog I'm gonna carry your chubby friend
post on Facebook it's no fun being fat
it sucks being fat yeah it's a lot of
fun getting fat it's [ __ ] delicious
[Music]
and here's the thing like we've been in
the Marine Corps I'm glad you think if
you believe me that you didn't just
start clapping immediately I get I get
uncomfortable with that how you people
like me thank you for your service you
know I was like I didn't do it for you
sorry house 18 ahead of GP how about
options also I'm not I'm not one of
these people that will like push only to
support the troops I don't I don't think
you should
you shouldn't support all the troops
because there's just too many of them
and this visit numbers game odds are for
[ __ ] okay
I was I was one of the troops I was in
Iraq I was over there with thousands of
troops
I knew hundreds of them personally I'd
support like seven open cos yeah and
three of those guys still owe me money
and one dude actually gave a porn dvd to
when we were in Iraq and he never gave
it back and I'm actually upset that he
made it home if I'm gonna be honest
movie oh those [ __ ] Roman booster bar
you run into then you know why you're
Brody because you don't know the value
of a pornographic digital video disc in
a war zone okay that's why it was 2003
you understand here's let me explain you
see in the rain it wasn't just a porn
dvd it was called bobby socks it was
produced by vivid entertaining
okay thanks to bits of information that
I remember about a pornographic DVD for
14 years ago that led to recalls from
the floor that you watched this
afternoon okay just admit something okay
what I had to go through to get it I had
my hustler magazine I had to flip to the
back page cut a coupon out put it in an
envelope and dress it like a stamp put
it on there and then send it off and
wait four to six weeks we ready to get
delivered to my house and then I watched
it every day it's the only porn that I
had and then I took you to Iraq early
because that was my relationship it was
the most important thing in my life
don't [ __ ]
because it was [ __ ] awesome okay it
was great it was amazing and then I saw
Stevens I saw Stevens and he was having
a bad day okay and I looked at I was
like I'm gonna fix this guy seconds
little Bobby sucks take care of that for
you
turn that friend one side they're not
starting the next day and he was glowing
he was a new man [ __ ] bored around
he's going on meeting me the [ __ ] he was
hanging because that's the power of the
Bobby son's head I'm like feeling better
because I feel great it's like can I get
that baby what happened
so yeah I'm upset that he made it back
home okay because he understand like
that would be like if any of you have
kids he got a babysitter tonight and he
come to the show and then you get home
like manic shows great hey buddy where
are the kids
[Music]
so you need to go [ __ ] water you can
understand what I'm talking about
[Music]
my kids are 11 and 14 so it's kind of a
kind of a special age it really is it's
nice we'll have dinner I'll sit around
after dinner and we'll play this game
called hey let's all take a [ __ ] on dad
let's all talk about what a nerd dad is
dad you're so out of it
dad you don't get it dad you don't even
right Hey
you don't know me [ __ ] you don't
know who I was you know how cool I used
to be I used to be very cool you know
when I stopped being cool when you two
[ __ ] came along right up until then
very cool as a matter of fact way cooler
than you will ever be that's what you
understand you won't be as cool as I was
you know why you're not being raised by
an alcoholic abusive parents and that
can change
I'm not cool you're not cool when I was
your age at dinner I was high at 14 I
was baked at dinner you're not even high
look at you not high when I was your age
I was getting into fights on the corner
fistfight
you were a [ __ ] helmet to ride your
bike you're not cool haven't done [ __ ]
hitchhiked around the country up in at
5-minute jail I had a three-way with I
had a [ __ ] three-way daddy your dad
three-way with two guys yeah that's
right that's right
this woman was supposed to show up but
she was running late we figure we get
started long story the point is I'm cool
oh I'm not cool is your mother cool Oh
mom's cool she is
guess who's [ __ ] her ah right
that's it that's it
I lost my [ __ ] the other day I snapped
any snappers they look like you can snap
and tell by your smile I snapped at the
automated operator you ever do that you
just let go on that thing because I just
want to talk to human being you know
soon as that voice comes on I lose it
it's like before we get started let me
ask you a few questions first I'm like
suck it suck a dick operator operator
operator operator operator operator
operator operator operator Oh [ __ ]
kill you
[Applause]
but it always has to be nice to you
right program that way
so I was like hmm I'm not finding that
look a little harder [ __ ] it's
their human being human being I'm sorry
you're having trouble
not having trouble some things in my
life that could be a little bit
different working on those things and I
know it's up to me and I know I could do
it
goodbye so worse than you hear that
goodbye nothing you do about it can't go
back can't be like I'm sorry sooner I
need me reply is goodbye but it's
effective you know if you're on a
breakup and somebody do like that girls
like you know maybe you can be cash or
just take a deep goodbye
alright alright you guys it's a pretty
good look that's my crap this week but
you guys are pretty good I guess it's
great you guys great away where you guys
from London
okay let the town care alright alright
I'm from South Carolina
yes so don't go there
stay away man go home you realize why
you left do that in general there are
two types of yourself two types two
types two types type one diabetes and
type 2 diabetes a southern food my soul
food is the best it's the best man but
it'll cost you an arm and a foot
so I'm saying man oh we got the South we
have we have humidity bugs and racism
the song II got man
I don't 3/4 of a system I see humidity
am i right swamp ass oh dang swamp ass
swamp ass son you know that is swamp ass
swamp ass save up more lawn in jeans
swamp man
I hate bugs I hate bugs
hey bugs I hate him I hate him but I
love me they love me because southern
blood is like fine dining for mosquitoes
yup see because that connoisseurs you
know I'm getting notes of um oak poverty
sickle-cell 1984 Pino Nagar
from that be valid nappy bag - oh I'm
just saying like right now I live in LA
and there's like no bugs because
mosquitoes don't like these kale
Skechers it is definitely is away
[Music]
no I moved here when I was nine years
old from Korea and you may have noticed
that I don't have an accent
at least an Asian one right so I moved
here and the reason I don't have an
accent is because when I was six years
old in Korea I was obsessed with the
movie Sister Act great movie great movie
right I love that movie so much that as
a six year old boy in Korea I watched
that movie over and over and over and
over and memorized the word to that
movie by hearing it and could repeat it
back to you but I also had no idea what
I was saying so my mom would invite all
of our friends over like this make them
sit down and make me recite monologue
from Sister Act I didn't understand like
stands there I'd be like one of them to
do here what am I going to do here
there ain't nothing but a bunch of white
women here dressed as nuns what am I
going to do here Cody
I'm on friends my mom I so proud of my
son he makes a whoopee
and then I moved to the face right and
the kids in the states they were like
they were like kind of mean - they
didn't speak English right and I got
bullied a little but you know they were
right I couldn't speak English but what
they didn't know was that I could speak
whoopee
what that means people they would say
something to me I would want to see
something back not have the English
language for it so I would just grab
whatever monologue from mr. Atkins most
emotionally appropriate to that moment
and say it to them
so they'd be like haha you stupid asian
kid you don't know how to speak English
ha ha
then I would go you don't earn it you
don't deserve it
you don't earn other people's wives fur
coat okay
and maybe like
I'll follow him wherever he hi everyone
I'm Nia I'm the weirdo here at the Laugh
Factory and I will be just like clip you
just saw device your did if you like it
press the like button subscribe or leave
a promise if you're going to leave a
promise at least let it be funny it can
be as mean as you want it to be
subscribe if he's funny okay okay bye
I don't know I uh it's been a weird
right now like try to figure out where
to get my news from right now I used to
feel like I knew where to go I used to
try to always always watch 60 minutes
you know I like that show but they did
this thing with people that don't speak
English so I don't like it anymore so
does it makes me not watch that show is
what they did anytime they have somebody
on there that doesn't speak English they
let them talk in their native tongue for
a little bit and then they drop that
audio and then they put this really
awful English over the top while they
speak it's horrific and I don't like it
they're talking this undocumented guy
and they're just like oh my god what was
it like coming into this country is it
not documented person he was like Venus
with shadow I was gonna put any amigo
and nobody flipped on me a big ol bitty
man and all of a sudden audio goes down
in here I'm looking for my friend Taco
Bell hey what the hell are you talking
about why you may go sound like my
mechanic you know I'm saying like si yo
hey Pablo - muffler stop it oh dope
bro for real it's the stupidest thing I
hate that I don't watch that show
anymore I come from I'm running from in
Chicago and I come from a small family
like literally like I'm six foot one
everybody else is my family's five feet
tall it's weird
people always ask me those questions
like why would happen to you I'm like I
don't know but when I meet my real dad
I'm gonna ask him people look at our
family portrait like wow your father
looks so young I'm like yeah well that's
because that's me alright yeah my
father's the one sit on my lap it's got
the tuxedo his legs are swinging we look
like a ventriloquist act okay shut the
 up
so he's gonna talk with my Spanish
accent looking Wisconsin I know what
you're thinking there's Spanish people
in Wisconsin Pablo I'm ready to tell you
man
no not even like a little bit not even
like a well-tended tallien nothing
[Music]
now I had no idea I walked sometimes
coming I coming here damn it every night
but and I didn't know what I was gonna
start my set with when I first walked in
I was like I don't know what I'm gonna
talk about tonight and then I heard Eric
say something about Mexican women
arguing with Mexican women and for
myself and the brother idea and you
black ok but for myself and the brother
idea and a half black dude right here
brother right here you have not been in
an argument until you've argued with a
black woman okay everything else is
[ __ ] a cakewalk
a white girl is like shut the [ __ ] up I
was just sayin
a Mexican girl to get mad they switch
from English to Spanish that's all y'all
do sisters are built for this [ __ ]
okay they are built they do that [ __ ]
look at the black girl comin up Megan
and I have families in right now yeah
[ __ ] that's what we do [ __ ]
that's what we do let's change our
outfit now are we gonna argue hold on
one second let me get ready
[Laughter]
okay what'd you say ma'am let's say that
they built for this [ __ ] man they do
that [ __ ] stare you don't want black
girl see you they do the standing
anything assosiated stare at you you
ain't [ __ ] then they do the slow-motion
walk away for a fact you ain't [ __ ]
and they always actually what you said
even though they heard what you said
brother those brother you know it's all
right brother you know as well this is
crazy what do you say nothing I am crazy
oh yeah right here I would argue with
y'all any day thank you dude come on
two minutes you like this is an I had
enough sisters would be like I'm going
to bed and when I wake up in the morning
we gonna pick up where the [ __ ] we left
off do you sleep in talking Rock
[ __ ] won't tell me I'm sure wish
I would nobody talked me like your
mama's a [ __ ]
mean
yeah but you uh but yeah what do you do
out here in Los Angeles say it oh who
the [ __ ] are these guys these guys have
broke you out
tell them what you did man they're 100
grand
we had the [ __ ] pork up for your ass
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on a
second did you just say porn shooter
dick slinger dick slinger dick taker
dick slinger
okay can anybody top that job dick
slinger look I've watched a decent
amount of porn in my day I have never
seen in the credits and yeah I watched
the credits guys work hard dick slinger
you sure that's just not one of the
characters names what is it dick slinger
was that they [ __ ] yeah well [ __ ]
what a stupid question what do you think
dude put it together
dick singer yes sling dick into a [ __ ]
Jesus oh yeah how do you and again this
might seem like an odd follow-up
question but how does one become a dick
a sliver of dicks is that because I
would venture to guess that most fellas
out here tonight have not applied for
this position
yeah sir you look like you manage
Ralph's over on Sunset and Laurel I
don't know if dick slings in your past
or present or future but yeah you all by
the way but look if I were to like you
know again like people just fit like you
look you do look like a dick slinger and
what is here like if we were playing
porn Family Feud and they were like you
know name one thing my buddy Todd does
and everyone was like dick slinger that
show me next ling'er like it would be
one through five on the board what um
okay you know I had jokes but this is
way more interesting so
yeah sometimes hey this is what happens
this is why comedy is great it's right
it's like going to Denny's man sometimes
you're like I want moons over my hammy
and they bring your hash browns with
pubes on them and you're like all right
well I guess that's what I'm having
today so not that you're a Pew but all
right so how do you all meet do you meet
during the shoot or did you meet like
prior like was there a casting session
or you're the director is that what you
said yeah so you found that you found
the talent can I call you template it's
a skill it's a [ __ ] I can't do it
yeah I'm not a dick slinger I'm more of
a you know okay but that's how you
should be it's 2019 you should ask so
I'm okay that that's who I am
don't tell anybody it's fine right more
of a dick insecurity so what's your what
your your your character name were you
doing shoots yeah cuz that's got to be
the most fun about being a porn star is
having a cool name right yeah so what
does your what's your character name
will pound her thank you
I don't always believe in you but
tonight my faith has been restored will
pounder is like a comedy porn name
this girl's not gonna get [ __ ] who's
gonna who's gonna pound her I will will
pounder
all right dude you don't need any jokes
just come in and take care of it
all right all right I thought we were
having a good time Wow
okay let's keep going around the circle
we'll pounder what about the fellow
behind will pounder must [ __ ] is that
your name
I mean there was other things I could
have said that's the first one that came
into my head
Mike yeah all right well that was
anticlimactic
Mike Mike Thompson what all right well
you're not a dick slinger what about
your name is just Mike wait what is it
Mike Hawk yeah I don't know if I would
watch a guy [ __ ] named Mike hawk I gotta
be honest we'll pounder yeah dude I'm
watchin all four of his DVDs oh [ __ ]
whoever you looked up on your phone
there sweetheart
is that Wow you got three [ __ ] dude Wow
Wow
oh man you might be the coolest guy in
Los Angeles dude three girls in unison
will pounder my name is hopefully
middle then get pounded I give me bunny
tail will how often this has happen
where people get starstruck by you and
just immediately google your images by
the way what does it say about well what
is his bio say oh god no stop that no no
no hey god damn it will you know that's
on me that's on me to go into this porn
passageway and not anticipate at some
point with all the info being divulged
that some horny la grows we're gonna be
like and here's what his dick looks like
[Applause]
that's on me
sir you seem like the least interested
fella in this room about what's
happening I literally looked down and
locked eyes with that guy and he look
like my dad being like this is really
what you're doing with your life
getting to know will pounder all right
sir
oh [ __ ] sir with the Mohawk in the
goatee sir on your way out of the
bathroom
you stopped liked you and you kind of
said hello to me what do you know what
what was are you a comedy fan you're his
boss oh [ __ ]
so okay so oh this is great cuz look
we've all been wondering like what's a
dick slinger and now we know but there's
always you know there's a there's a you
know who's behind the dick slinger who
tells dick slinger when to sling and
that's you
and why does sling and waiter sling yeah
you're the you're the DP more or less
now what do you mean his boss oh you his
agent is that what you mean you're also
a director oh [ __ ]
now do you guys co-direct or is it kind
of do do your own thing you're like I'm
a strictly butthole guy by the way
strictly butthole it's probably one of
the movies will pounders start it yeah
what are some of the titles and then
we'll move on to some jokes I promise
this is already going on seven minutes
way too long which is also one of the
lines from will pounders strictly by
home
this has gone on seven minutes too long
[Applause]
see I can't do it I'd laugh there every
tank
I'd be like you guys okay do you ever
have concerns about you know how or do
you just once you walk in it's pride
like stand up you just got to commit
right I can't believe those words just
came out of my mouth
I bet stand up side [ __ ] on screen
for money right oh yeah we're both
trying to make people feel good
[Music]
they all want their leading man that's
what they want girls girls see like
Titanic and like Jerry Maguire and
they're like why don't you do that [ __ ]
yeah
no [ __ ] past see yeah see why don't you
do that [ __ ] it's a movie they all want
I don't know how to be a leading man my
girl will argue girls argued to think
abut they want and I'll snap and when I
snap I'll immediately become Keanu
Reeves that's how I feel at least he's
kind of a leading man you know what I
mean
I'll just straight-up turn it like
she'll just are you should drop some
bomb like why don't you just pack up and
move out
and I'll just know
whoa are you okay
yeah easy you know the end of the matrix
when he stops the bullets in midair and
they hover right in front of his hand
and he puts his hand down and he [ __ ]
his head and the bullets hit the ground
that's what I do to her when she would
argue with me it'd be weird and awkward
but it would totally teach her a lesson
you know I mean she come at me she'd be
like why don't you just and I she goes
and I cocked my head she says what the
[ __ ] did you just do to me oh no he's
the one
look I am not I'm not a hipster let's
just have a [ __ ] beard you know you
ever go to some piece-of-shit city like
like Cleveland some piece of [ __ ] and
they're like you see what their
interpretation of the hipster is it's
like oh the guy with tennis shoes on
that's a [ __ ] hipster do anybody here
from Cleveland I [ __ ] hate Cleveland
I [ __ ] when I say [ __ ] y'all say
Cleveland [ __ ] [ __ ] I don't know why I
wanted to do that why not you know what
I'm saying we're in Los Angeles
California there's lots of women
beautiful women you know I'm a Scorpio I
can't help but I get around here I just
want to get down that's when I'm just
munch on some sweet [ __ ] you know what
I'm talking about
put your head down like I'm some kind of
[ __ ] animal like I'm up here [ __ ]
by round of applause how many women do
not like having their sweet Plus much
Don exactly goddamn angel
but to get right in there make magic
happen you know
don't let the magazines [ __ ] with your
head tell you you should be concerned
about the smell [ __ ] that I want that
smell
I need that smell I'm drinking a merlot
I want to smell the vineyard you know
I'm saying I want to know they say black
guys don't eat [ __ ] pus bullsh yet
it's like saying bears don't eat
children it doesn't happen every day
it's not every day but it happens but
when it does up somewhere a mother cries
get right in there you know what I mean
can I open up to you guys you know
sometimes when the when the puss is good
the Munchkins going great I flip it
right over go straight for that butthole
I'm not lying I'm not gonna stand up
here and lie to you dont you judge me
dumb so try to monster how many women
here by random applause do not like
having a spicy but whole month stop
exactly [ __ ] this is California I
don't believe you I knew I got tricked
sent back to [ __ ] Cleveland
you gotta have a plan okay if you're
gonna go for the spicy butthole you have
a plan it's not a sweet push you can't
just wing it you gotta have a strategy
you gotta [ __ ] around end up with
pinkeye nobody wants that nobody wants
that they're like you you munch on a
spicy but all tell me if you're even
capable of judgment afterward your minds
wide open
you just made out with the Angel of
Death you know what I'm saying you're
aware of human mortality anybody here
play Angry Birds that shit's fun well
global warming you know yeah that's the
right response everyone's just like no I
know I know tell me about it I know I
will tell you about it because I don't
[ __ ] you know nobody knows you know it's
bad that's what you know you don't have
anything else dad other other than just
going along I know I know you know
nobody knows you don't know admit that
that's you know that's it you feel
inadequate socially if you're and we've
all been some party some function where
you're in a concert if you could what
the [ __ ] was that there Jesus Christ was
that us what just came out of you dude
did you sneeze and come and fart all at
the same time I have often wondered like
what would it sound like if all three
happens simultaneously boom [ __ ] fart
sneeze come right there dude or whatever
that was I'm trying to recreate it but
it's never gonna be as good as the first
time but that was not a sneeze there was
more going on than just [ __ ] I need a
Kleenex that was I need a towel I need
to change the pants that was a vow dude
is that do you always things like that
is that normal
are you okay should we call for help
oh my god is that great that's what life
is just so 35 I've never heard a sneeze
like that in 35 years I've done some
pretty cool [ __ ] seen some cool [ __ ]
been a part of man unbelievable anyway
see [ __ ] global warming you don't I
might say that's what it is it's
affecting our sneezes - think you got
control your sneeze and you think you
don't want a thumb while you sneeze
[ __ ] talk to Al Gore man he's the one
in charge of all the cumin it sneezing
[Music]
[Laughter]
yeah but you don't want to you don't
want to admit that in a in a social you
know be a part of that that conversation
nobody wants to just go hey excuse me uh
I don't know what the [ __ ] we're talking
about can you guys change the subject
you just go along with it you yes and
you know I'm saying that it because it's
fun to pretend and it's easier to it's
it's less of a socially crippling moment
to just be like anal beads are expensive
you know just whatever just whatever is
being discussed go along with it so you
don't feel like a [ __ ] idiot
that's wine tasting that's what wine
tasting is nobody in here knows anything
about wine I don't care if you're like
did I could do i lo I like red better
than white that's all you [ __ ] know
is that I the color I like the color of
it even the Somali ace don't know what
they're talking about they just look and
regurgitate [ __ ] and they commit and
then you just all you gotta do to feel
like you know about wine is just look
them in the eyes and shake that [ __ ]
right back they just go yeah no no no
it's got out Cinnamon Toast Crunch suck
in
[ __ ] Applebee's fragglerock [ __ ]
Beyonce gingiva yeah what what is that
yeah [ __ ] I can hear the grape can
you guys hear the grape you know
[Music]
I learned the hard way you should never
be in the situation where you can't risk
being confused right and this is what
happened a few years back I was way too
high right and look if you smoke weed
that's too strong for you what happens
some people describe it as paranoia but
actually happens is that you just you
keep thinking when you normally want to
stop thinking right for example right
like so the other day the last thing I
said in this conversation was why don't
we just give pedophiles they are baby
pictures
and that conversation started out
talking about the economy
so please few years back way too high
and I was on WebMD
yeah yeah so you all familiar WebMD is
look it's the online doctor it's just
like it's a website or hypochondriacs
the whole the whole idea is that like
you're going there
you tell that your symptom where you
click on a simple on the other side of
the screen if you give you all the
diseases you could possibly happen right
and the idea is if you keep clicking on
symptoms that listens as easels get
smaller and smaller
right but the [ __ ] is you never get
it down to one disease so like you end
up in at least three diseases even if
you put them on a thousand something and
maybe you familiar with one or two of
and the last one that scared the [ __ ]
out of you so if you tell everybody oh I
have a sore throat that's a little comic
oh you like nobody have no other well
that's tonsillitis
okay that's full-blown AIDS
I'm just curious like what is that a
disease like what diseases connected to
that right so I click on and this is my
first time ever using WebMD I click on
one symptom I got one disease it was
down sinful yeah
now like I said normal circumstances I'd
be pretty certain that I don't have so
my first thought was Brian that is
that's ridiculous of course you don't
have down syndrome normally I would stop
my next thought was unless what I have
it down is thinking you don't have you
know like like the matrix like what if
this is an illusion comedian that what
what's happening in reality is
understand on the table I'm so brave it
doesn't I felt something up hold back
when I use the word [ __ ]
and once I know something I always that
[ __ ] people say never because
[Applause]
[Music]
it's been hot it's been pretty hot out
here lately you know I was super hot
right I was on a walking on Melrose
there day and I saw this man walking
it's like 90 degrees up by the way this
man's walking towards me is got a big
red Igloo cooler huge you know like you
know like for like the beach you know
but not even not even near the beach and
he has it and he's walking along with it
and what do you do when you see somebody
like that right like he's packing to try
and sell you something right like some
waters or some sodas what do you do when
you see that like I do like that or a
homeless guy you avert your eyes right
you always ya wouldn't get this this
[ __ ] sidewalk when they give this is
right and you just keep your eyes down
you just never they're like dinosaurs in
that way you know and so this guy but I
go and I had to go with huge Igloo
cooler on his shoulders I wanted us all
so I had to look back when I did we
locked eyes and he's like now I have you
you know I mean like he had me he pulled
me in and I was like good and like and
he goes this is 100% true he goes hey
you want some pasta
[Applause]
that's what he asked me on a 90 degree
day and so obviously I was like what
kind of pasta cuz you have to know right
and then he'd no joke he goes fettuccine
so [ __ ] proud just like so like I
want the confidence of a duty to sells
pasta on a hot day right he just woke up
he's like oh time to make this [ __ ]
rent just like walks out I wish I want
to ask some questions though right like
what like how is this pasta coming like
how is it served is it like little
individually wrapped pastas right with
like a little a breadstick in it and
like a fork and knife you know like a
little plastic fork they I'd be
beautiful right he's like here's your
little fettuccine you know it used to be
like here's a fork you got four minutes
just like opens her up you're like ah
come on I'll pay for you guys smartest
dude ever he's gonna need a food truck
he's just like this is it this is
[ __ ] he might be the smartest guy
we've ever seen yet he's gonna be on the
shark tank he's like I'm asking for an
initial investment of $24 it's all we
need
it's all what we need I'm pocketing 20
of it as well as $2 for the cooler to
lower for the pasta
[Music]
I used to be the kind of comedian that
didn't give a [ __ ] and if you didn't
like what I said I feel like where you
can catch me outside how about there
good catch me out that until recently
with somewhat try to catch me outside
but I realized Trump is trying to take
away my hope is right I can't afford to
get my ass beat what this muscle
potential is so honey I don't know too
much really
okay how do i how that's out alive is
okay that's not survivors mentality I'm
trying to tell you I have if you're
trying to understand who I am I'm that
black guy that survives to the end of
the movie
okay if you saw get out right I'm the
best friends at the end of the movie
that turn to the main character back dig
out knows you're not to go in that house
you're [ __ ] a day and I'm not trying
to be racist but you know black people
love to tell you I told you though my
mother has never missed an opportunity
her damn life to be like I told you go
okay where's the blackboard don't you
like man I told you son see I told you
suck you suck I am riding up eleven but
I'd be doing stuff to make sure I'm
prepared for the apocalypse I got to get
my body ready for example if anybody
sparks in my car I roll the windows up
and I lock it you got a hot box that
[ __ ] okay because eventually the whole
atmosphere is going to be mostly methane
gas but imma be ready
I wasn't thankful you got anything about
it okay
I also only drink tap water sometimes
straight from the faucet get used to a
dangerous lifestyle you see what I'm
saying okay I also got myself some LASIK
eye surgery exactly because you can't be
asleep in the middle of some ghost town
zombies are knocking at your window and
you need time to put your pod back you
want everybody I'm Mark Sullivan your
last factory production crew against
what we're giving away free stuff
I got a hoodie please coming at you from
last factory New York vintage what
you're going to do is subscribe and then
you're going to comment below that you
subscribe put you awesome I've got to
tell it's a funny joke you do that and
check us out you first don't let you
know please don't be racist it hurts my
heart are you guys doing all it took us
up
cool yeah
I still love you guys so much
it's difficult uh you're trying to be a
sexy after man nowadays no cuz you want
to be sexy like you want to be
attractive to other people but it's it's
difficult to be attractive let me tell
you why because everything disaster man
is stupid it don't make any [ __ ]
sense and stupid as hell
something simple like buying soap you've
been down the mean stuff out recently
anybody the minutes up I used to be dove
or ivory and I've used to leave a little
film on you but it was either in or now
the million sold out as long as [ __ ] and
colorful it's all these different ass
colors and styles and shapes of the
bottle they make marketers like we've
done as mean it got to smell like [ __ ]
but we don't want to smell like camp
fire smoking burning rock skin
River River Rock smell like this and
they got nothing attractive on the
bottle on the bottle
it's a bear fighter for the party who
designers means so I don't want to smell
like burnt sweet I don't want consumer
and I'm gonna try to be a consumer but
the bottles be so shiny now and then he
had these messages to catch our
attention so I was in Andaman so I'll
just looking like I'm reading all the
different stuff us see the different
fights on the bottles and stuff the
claws I'm gonna see from a distance he
said aroma bursting crystals with
Hawaiian breeze that's what my balls
need they need a Hawaiian breeze I
couldn't wait to get home I like I got
something new and you couldn't wait the
game I couldn't wait to feel the
crystals bursting under my balls like I
was in the shower just trying to fit it
in my
I don't feel no crystals bursting he's
getting down my lady and later that day
shoes look at me with a look downtown
love and I was like baby I do feel like
you're vacation down there or do you
feel like regular balls still kiss have
a Hawaiian breeze in your face right now
mother I'm not gonna for to take you
down but I put you there
[Music]
(laugh)
I love stand-up though
Haven't gotten to do much of it because I've been working on a TV show and nobody told me
That if I got good at stand-up comedy they'd put me on a TV show and make me work 14 hours a day
Sober
That's like the opposite of why I got into this game
Fucking hate jobs, jobs suck. We all know that
There are no good jobs. Even when someone's like "I got a good job", it just means they got a good bad thing you know
Jobs are horrible. They always want you to work like at least the majority of the day like five days a week what?
That's too many days
They don't care about your life. They want you working on holidays
What? They made me work on Martin Luther King Day.
Don't know why y'all laughing. There should be a hushed silence over the crowd
Because that's a tragedy, there should be no black person that works on Martin Luther King day
He didn't want that
He mentioned it in one of his speeches
Not the "I have a dream" speech, I give you that, but like a later one
He was like "and I have another notion"
"That no black person shall ever have to work on my day, I know I'm getting 
a day look at all the cool shit"
"I'm doing"
"Shut up Coretta, I'm getting the day. She don't think I'ma get a day"
But there's a lot of positives about working on a TV show like I'm rich now, that's cool
I mean, I'm not like really rich. I can't buy a house or anything
But I got you on Amazon Prime
Oh that account stays active
But I wanna buy a house so bad
Just so I could meet my neighbor
And just be like "Hi"
Hi new neighbor
Oh, I've been waiting for you all day
Oh no no no my schedule is quite flexible
While you were out I had a chance to look around your place. I hope you don't mind
So we have very similar homes similar yard similar square footage. I did measure
You must be so proud of yourself. I know I am
But let me ask you one question. What is it that you do for a living?
Ugh
Every day?
Oh that sounds stressful.
Oh me? Oh I never thought you'd ask
Oh I just kind of get stoned and mumble into a microphone
Did you know that was a lucrative profession?
I guess I just had a better guidance counselor than you
She really pushed me into this
I wanted to work in finance.
She was like take this bong and watch "Naked and Afraid" all day
That was good advice
let's talk some [ __ ] right Kristen
Stewart [ __ ] OH
we all heard about that right breaking
news Kristen Stewart the Hester Prynne
of the vampire series Twilight The
Scarlet Letter herself has cheated on
the chosen one Robert Pattinson how do
we feel about that you all right about
this are you pissed are you like carving
her name in your arm right now you're
just like she's dead she's a dead woman
she's a dead woman do you know me fat
sad women are like lacing up their
shape-ups for the first time to go chase
down that poor thing she's dead she'll
be dead in the morning Marty calling it
and if I win I won't win anything but I
will say yeah she's done whoo Wow
whatever you know what if a guy did it
he'd be like oh yeah way to go badass
but a girl does it they're like set on
fire you know get that dick case to get
it yeah uh I do think we need to bring
back which burning though I think it's
time you know just to keep them in check
I think you know back in the 1600s when
people were bored they didn't have TV or
internet or anything they just didn't
like somebody they just sent him on a
fire
they're like Ashley kind of is a [ __ ]
and I don't like the way her cow looks
at me so set her on fire and I think we
need to start with the Kardashians I
think it's time as Americans done right
thank you
[ __ ] them all who cares who cares I do I
think it's as Americans there's actually
pitchforks and torches under your chairs
right now so after I'm done we'll take a
field trip to Palisades and get this
party started
we'll start with the old one ooh that's
a [ __ ] - she's sleeping with her poor
what's-his-name Bruce Jenner that wax
figure that cheating on the cheatin on
Madame Tussauds House of Wax right there
I think we do I think we need to get all
three of those [ __ ] and tie them up
to some sticks some American sticks get
some American gasoline Dowson with it
light a freedom match we'll never forget
cue the bald eagle american flags fall
down fireworks Uncle Sam's like we
heroes and I could see all three of them
up there right Kim's just tied up there
she's like wow it's really sunny today
she's mind blowing Lee smart Kim
Kardashian right Courtney yeah it's like
I literally like literally
so I had fire right Chloe
that is a beast everyone that is a beast
should be named rookie card ashy and
that's how [ __ ] awful that is
but we do things as Americans we do
things we just we just do things that
are irritating every four years we we
pretend that we like soccer that's
that's annoying to the rest it's
annoying to the rest of the world only
Americans would do that only Americans
would show up and think we're gonna beat
the world at their sport that we don't
play or watch just we're here now so
what do we do what do we do we we kick
it alright come on guys I say we kick it
let's win the whole thing for America
[ __ ] yeah I know we like soccer here in
you know LA but as a country it's not
even our fifth favorite sport like
search your heart okay in the US soccer
is right below the WWE and right above
hide-and-seek that's where that's where
soccers think about this game that the
whole world plays the whole world plays
this game most popular game and in this
game you can only use your feet this is
the whole game you know maybe your head
but this is the whole game and the rest
of the world they said hey you know that
game we play where you only use your
feet let's call it football that makes
sense and then we said ah you know what
here's what we're gonna do actually
we have this other game where you use
your hands you catch it you throw it uh
one guy kicks it one guy kicks it
sometimes yeah we're gonna call that
football and I game you guys play I
don't know witty where your feet socks
we'll call that soccer how about
got a heat wave in Chicago today hot
just a balmy 45 just yes this [ __ ]
city sucks it's too cold
this winter was brutal the only people
that were having fun this winter were
weather men like the week when it was
like negative 22 that was their Super
Bowl I saw Tom skilling was a rock-hard
[ __ ] going you guys gotta see these
temps
if it gets to negative 65 Winchell I'm
just gonna come I just made it back to
you
they were coming up with phrases and
[ __ ]
I had never heard of like polar vortex
arctic blast when I heard the words
polar vortex I thought that was
something like a poor kid who'd wear in
high school like mom can I please have a
North Face Columbia something like that
now again the polar vortex
[Laughter]
[Music]
and nobody know the difference
arctic blast when I are an arctic blast
I thought that's when you to a girl ice
skating and then you fingered her
[Applause]
apparently that's not that anybody vote
for mayor
see you know as a Chicagoan I want like
lightfoot to win I guess right but as a
comedian
I want a Willie Wilson to wit does
anybody know what the [ __ ] you saying
ever anyone see like his campaign ads
was like check another don't go moving
to Chicago don't believe dirt
over the Election Day
is he asking for more guns or less guns
what is happening
[Music]
so I hope you people here tonight
appreciate I've come a long way with
this big instrument and it's not easy
it's not easy at LAX when I come in from
Europe they say to me have you got meat
inside that instrument have you got
dairy products inside the instrument
because you're not allowed to bring it
into this country I said well I do have
a carton of I can't believe it's not
butter he said let me have a look at it
I showed him the cards and he took the
lid off he said what's this bag of white
powder ah
I said that's I can't believe it's not
pure heroin but it's a beautiful
incident I like working this lovely
machine is it's really like my big
wooden wife in fact it has the same
shape as the female you got the shapely
curves the elegant slender neck one
short stumpy leg it's got one leg it was
made in there it was made in LA has to
avoid all the [ __ ] but you can see
the fake tan fake suntan they're going
on and the technique is very similar you
take the instrument from behind hold it
firmly around the neck if you see what
I'm wearing I'm going with this and
using the right hand reach around and
finger the front really fast
who's your daddy say my name she faked
it
I never thought that in 2017 we'd be at
the point now where it's cool for every
comedian to come on this stage and talk
[ __ ] about Airlines again because all of
them are [ __ ] up with the exception
of Spirit Airlines because only tickets
is printed out this flight ain't [ __ ] so
you already know what you get nobody
buys the Spirit Airlines ticket like
they have an enjoyable experience no the
[ __ ] you don't superior don't even have
real airline seats do you see what I'm
saying these are Old Fort grant
auditorium and classroom chairs unreal
seat belts on the goddamn plane this is
just a spin this with paper clips and
Jesus holding together
[Music]
that's the Black Sea like I bring that
up because I had to fly back home to
Chicago he's asleep and my buddy hit me
up he was like yo I understand money's
kind of tight for you so I'm about your
plane ticket home I was like word he was
like word night I was like hold on that
was like what you don't want a free
ticket I was like I do but ain't you
been watching the news
he was like yeah what's the big deal I
was like the big deal is
your mighty dragon [ __ ] off the
airplane like somebody that got 13 bags
of groceries in the trunk of a car and
only one amazing one trip in the house
now if you don't understand that
reference look to the nearest minority
next to you and then we'll let you know
we would rather [ __ ] die before we
make two trips in the goddamn house okay
we would rather have 18 plastic bags
around one [ __ ] wrist swollen and
purple trips in the [ __ ] house don't
let it be a [ __ ] holiday we got water
coolers sodas ice oh my do any going
back with [ __ ] and you got the most
amazing battle sevens you bout to drop
[Music]
and everybody knows what I'm talk about
what that incident with the doctor that
got snatched up off the plane and that
was [ __ ] up than you watched it and
then I heard how much you got exactly
I was like four ten million dollars you
can snatch me up by the back of the neck
like a lion [ __ ] National Geographic all
this [ __ ] right here pretending oh you
got damn dollars take your time with it
and I watched it again and again and I
watched all the other videos because the
WorldStarHipHop the world's not has
every [ __ ] thing Oh for those who
don't understand WorldStarHipHop is a
website where black people a goddamn
fool and you get every video out there
on the internet Google is [ __ ] late but
out right see
hello innocent white boy was at the
front door worldstar step your game up
this girl he was like me do it he was
like worldstar but I watched the videos
and I realize how do got ten million
dollars right and I'm gonna tell you
exactly how white woman screaming
because the initial snapped up is only
worth two hundred fifty thousand dollars
okay but every other oh my god five
hundred thousand why'd you do that
three-quarters of a million yes 25 so I
figure the next time I decide to fly
United I'm keeping a pocket white woman
with a cell phone Recorder understand I
understand
it's 10% it's long upload the video she
tagged me in at [ __ ] and Gale world
scholar goddamn self thank you to the
white girl starting to clap the back
rest of y'all step your [ __ ] up
[Music]
I blame Google for every relationship
that I've ever had going to the [ __ ]
because I share a computer with anybody
that I date and anytime they look up
anything on my computer they're like oh
I'm gonna search apples and then it's
like asian ass porn like as soon as they
hit the a that's what jumps up like
Google's like you don't have to type
another letter I know what you're
looking for every time you hit a it's
asian ass porn google you should let
make them type at least three letters
before you jump to such a bold
conclusion it's bad enough I clear my
history every three hours and change my
passwords I'm trying to have an honest
relationship and you're [ __ ] my [ __ ]
up and when I'm looking up asian ass
porn I don't need any shortcuts I can
type it out cuz I have all the time in
the world my house is locked the
plantation shutters are closed the
keyboards in a safe but reachable
distance yeah
lesson learned the aerosol duster
doesn't get out man goo got it
what do you don't go oh I'm the one that
has to do the walk of shame at the max
store they're like another keyboard mr.
Tosh like yeah
so my mom's moving up to so my whole
family we're going to be East Coast to
West Coast so I'm excited about that
week hope we joke we call my mom and
then the mom news network she's good
she's like an investigative journalist
you she goes out during the day she gets
all the family news and information and
you call in the evening and you get the
report it's a good system here's the
thing I have two older brothers were all
very close to my mom we talked to her
every other day but we talk to each
other every two three weeks so we
actually do speak to each other we have
nothing to discuss
so really got the updates from my mom
been the fun with my brothers I got a
promotion like yeah I know mom told me
yes I think we're out looking out for
used cars this week and I was like yeah
I know man yeah mom told me sick well
guess what we're having another baby
like that's great man but mom told me
because I haven't told mom yet I'm like
well she has a source I don't know if my
dad's different he's like a tabloid
journalist he gets the story all mixed
up whatever sounds good to him that's
his reporting method be on the phone
with my dad is like how why your brother
got some waitress pregnant like dad
that's his wife yeah whatever
[Music]
she used the wave table my dad's super
cheap I'll tell you the story he he
doesn't like to spend money on himself
he's been twice married twice divorced
his second ex-wife my stepmom passed
away at the beginning of last year now
don't get uncomfortable it's important
to the story but how cheap my dad is so
a couple weeks after that my dad lost
his cellphone he didn't want to spend
money on a new cell phone so what he did
is he went over to their old place
started using her old phone with her
same number but he didn't tell anyone
about it true story that's right that's
how his cheap brain works it's a
perfectly good phone why would those
with money on the book I found he did
this because four months after my
stepmom passed away
I got a text from her that's right
he lived to our South texted hey I was
thinking about coming up for a visit so
just in case I texted back I'm sorry
about everything please stay where you
are I threw my phone into a fire I don't
know how that [ __ ] works but I did
figure it out but it took me five
seconds at least you know five seconds
of my life that's crazy
for five seconds I thought I had a text
from a ghost that's how dumb smartphones
have made me weird a second they're
making a stupid man I'll send myself an
email reminder in my smartphone half a
second later here my phone go Bing am i
hey I got an email oh that's for me
forgot what I did a second
give it up for Chris a Jay Chris
Newburgh my name is Jay Chris Newburgh
and I do short songs and jokes like this
one thank you
the songs for anybody who currently has
ever had a roommate or ever live with
someone ever one day yeah I'll build up
the courage to kill you yeah let's make
a show about you guys I don't even care
about me hey hey
making sure why you guys let's play game
it's called clean smart dirtier
controversial you guys decide what kind
of joke you want to hear and I will tell
it on the spot man what is your name
Sarah with or without an H of course
what would it be without the H you'd
still be [ __ ] Sarah Sarah clean smart
dirty controversial go controversial
if Jesus came back the Jews would not
believe him but they would manage him
come on I gotta think that if he did
come back and like you the first thing
he would say like when he came out of
like resurrection would be like try that
Criss Angel dick sir with the hoodie on
indoors what is your name and tone it's
my impression of Nostradamus doing
stand-up in 1540 so what's up with that
Hitler guy no too soon all right guy
with a sweater in the collar
controversial
[Music]
you think is pretty safe to say the Rosa
Parks is undefeated in musical chairs
booyah
let's do a song cuz songs are fun this
songs for the ladies it's called women
women alike the Oceania
the vast and deep and beautiful and once
a month it's Shark Week
[Applause]
[Music]
my grandma I'm gonna do you only jokes I
wrote today if that's okay with you guys
Anton Sara who laughed Sara's boyfriend
who's checking your phone what's your
name go to the striped shirt Tristan
awesome
[Applause]
worst name ever worst name ever for a
guy
I like smoking pot in places where it's
super illegal like Iowa that way it's
still cool pots not cool when you make
it legal it's not cool anymore why even
do it it's not cool
pot used to be a dangerous drug and if
you smoked it you're sticking it to the
man you're a Belen against something now
it makes sick kids feel better that's
not the same at all I actually noticed
his pot has become more and more legal
I've been doing more and more cocaine I
see now that I finally did it they made
pot a gateway drug think about it think
about it it's pretty good got arrested
in Iowa got pulled over my head light
was out yeah I didn't realize it was out
you know super high and freaking out
when I saw the Cherry's mind me the blue
and red lights cuz oh my god I didn't
know what I'm doing wrong there's no way
I'm speeding you don't speed when you're
high you're on it but I'd seen the anti
pot commercial so I was convinced that
there was a little girl on a bicycle
dragging underneath my car Compton was
in the window like is she okay
she's like your headlights out I was
like oh my god like see you later then
he's like hold on son I'll be back okay
dad he goes back to his car and he gets
a drug dog he starts walking a drug dog
on my car I stick my head up that we
know my God's gonna fix the light cut to
jail you know the police terrible senses
of humor they're not laughing at
anything at least it's the bad haircuts
that's what it is you can't laugh at
anything when you look like a gym
teacher from the 80s you're not laughing
[ __ ]
first ended in degree in jail they put
me in a very well-lit room and I mean
bright a very bright and smaller room
fluorescent lights bright and I was
pumped Mike is this where we're doing
the headshots cuz these blue eyes are
gonna be popping in those lights are we
doing this in color let's go that's not
why we're in there
and came in said that room made me take
off all my clothes and he looked inside
my ass can we dim the lights a little
bit to each other's souls he was so
upset when he didn't find anything in
there - he was so pissed which now I get
I mean that's that guy's job right he's
got to do that eight hours a day if
that's your job you're going to need all
the drugs you can find just to get
through that it's like an [ __ ] troll
that's what he was like
travelin man this is our life I was in
New York alone in Chicago has the
highest rate of legal gun sales in the
world right we sell the most illegal
guns right well she grabbed it to stop
sight makes sense look there
here's the thing though we had the
highest rate of stabbings in the world
right and I thought that was kind of
funny now y'all see that funny how do
you got both that's all I'm saying
you something I just imagine somebody go
up to another dudes like a homie I could
shoot you right now but I just bought
this new knife [ __ ] I'm stabbing Stan
Stan
I won't give my joints dirty staffs at
photos' outside man I just moved I moved
to the north side I have to leave bro
happily because it's a bad neighborhood
man
my name is so bad they made a movie
based off of it it's called the purge
[Laughter]
I'm receiving man again FEMA is a movie
face or idea for 24 hours all crime is
legal right whatever you think whatever
you can think of is completely legal but
right what's the first do they do they
kill everybody right murder anybody
right wish all right I get it right from
the hood slide killing but I'm like I
want them to take I want some more like
nuanced I'm saying I want some different
crimes no like 24 hours all crimes legal
ain't nobody leave the birthday card
that's all I'm saying
24 hours all crimes legal and nobody
what they dick in the window
24 hours all Prime's leagues you would
do whatever you want
ain't nobody who say the n-word I
believe one time was Tracy's one time I
was doing that joke at a show and my
phone had went off doing the show right
so I asked audience if I could pick it
up and they said go for it right so I
pick up my phone and I put it on speaker
I asked my cousin called me I'm like
what up cuz like a cards get this grown
a man I mean I'm watching this new
Aquaman movie and it's pretty decent
right all right that's cool we should
just get done watching like nah cuz I'm
watching right now man I just have to
let you know it's really decent I like
woody what do you mean you watching like
cuz I'm in the theaters watching it bro
I had to call you real quick alright you
anything like [ __ ] I'm in the mood is
right now I'm watching a movie and I
just have to call you to let you know
it's really dope and I looked at the
audience I go is that like the black
bean you ever heard
because oh my god this ending is so good
I said what she smacked like it thicker
I brought some homemade man some tears
from the career so I enjoyed and you
talking safe something somewhere in the
back of girl a little homey ain't a man
I'm trying to record the movie be quiet
I don't care but he'll a man don't mess
up my boule like mad cuz I what y'all do
about do like me I bust a cap ey my cuz
I bust a cap here's my in the background
go sweaty guy here's my go will stars
look at my cousin's gonna bust the cap
then he goes you know one thing like
busted a nerd do go
dang I'm out of bullets what you gonna
do now and do play well I did the Popish
new knife so staff sad
[Applause]
[Music]
these stereotypes don't make sense we
need to end stereotypes this [ __ ]
doesn't make sense you see like I got a
black dude that I hate with all the time
and every time a beautiful girl walks by
is like you okay
no that's not you that's all me I go why
she's gorgeous because she got boonie
all right as a black man I like booty
hello I happen to enjoy booty myself
it's not like white guys are like no
booty for me keep it moving I don't like
it no no no no no give it to the black
guy wouldn't know what to do with it too
round I don't I don't do I like I like
flats this is the kind if I could drop
can I show you the boot this is what I'm
looking for you guys bring one of these
home for me I just want to just want to
go to town on a nice like you like booty
right Persian guys you like booty each
other's or what what do you like to know
they like they like booty right you do
white guys you like booty yeah good they
saw the what yeah we do we do send it
our way not all for the black guy that's
something that we can all agree on
that's what Barack Obama needs to talk
about these little subjects that bring
us together
forget healthcare and these big crazy
issues and racism start with booty work
from there a platform we can easily
digest right I could just see the speech
ladies gentlemen I want to tell you
doesn't matter if you're white black
Hispanic tucky Indian Arab Persian we
all like booty
I'm half-black and half-white both sides
of me like booty no ass I'll pass that's
how I fear that's why I picked Michelle
when I saw her I said if I can't make
you know thank you
and I came bringing the country together
I just kept in New York for living le
like so I said to myself living in le
journey you might as well only speak the
language so I got enrolled in a Spanish
course everything even in Spanish here
on streets La Cienega La Jolla in the
police department la PD it's very
embarrassing when people speaking in
Spanish I don't know whether they
compliment him insult me I once a few
weeks ago in the men's room a guy came
up to me and said hi seniors I said yeah
I seen your school but I'm learning
American expressions now I believe
yourself the expressions you have here
I was sitting nearby recently having a
drink guy gets up close to me say boy
boy I'd give my left nut for a drink so
I said too much I have no here's a guy
who's restricted to a two-drink minimum
these expressions I'm stalking this guy
recent he said are you Jerry I don't
give a flying [ __ ] what you say a flying
[ __ ] it's a bird it's a pretty look it's
a flying [ __ ] just when the guys gonna
data to come back the friends ask them
well did she put out what it goes ask
each other
well did he put it for thousands of
great stand-up comedy videos visit the
new Laugh Factory calm
took me forever again here today because
I live in Chicago on a [ __ ]
construction going on huh
hello it appears to me that nobody's
working on a [ __ ] thing I think the
whole roads department for Illinois is
just too Mexican guys going more cones
you need more cones there's not enough
cones over here how many lanes are open
to shutting down
why cuz [ __ ] that's not
[ __ ] potholes everywhere I sort of
got I saw a guy in the news he goes then
watch a motorist it's pothole season
I almost took my TV and threw it out the
[ __ ] window because it's all equality
in half every street in Chicago looks
like seal space
[Applause]
is he here is he here enough I was
joking today I got pothole Tourette's he
ever do that you're gonna pummel turrets
are you driving around our fair city
you know
[Applause]
you like a big crater and rahm emanuel
[ __ ] fart so [ __ ] fart
[Music]
what do you guys do for what do you guys
do for a living you know way you said
that I don't doubt it
oh we're in a massive mass Saturday I
like it
I get the garlic sauce from Zankou
perfect really good really good and then
when I am done I get into my uber X and
drive everyone home and I walk up to my
car do you want some water oh no why is
it all sticky I'm a skinny one storm
mon-star this guy masturbates in the car
no really what'd he do you are you're a
[ __ ] master with words he's like a
human thesaurus for jerk-off
no really what you do I appreciate my
says no seriously I shake the shwarma
what uh that's a [ __ ] weird one dude
I shake this aroma there we get a
no seriously what do you do for a living
what oh really
what are you desired yes you are
deceiving my god somebody huh oh don't
be a dick son only I've been like he's
like I only want to talk about
masturbating okay fun doctor going on I
can't engage in normal conversation
I don't know if anybody's like a
prostitute here I would figure if some
of you most of you all right all of you
oh all right if you say like it's a
rough time for prostitutes because one
the economy is not that good and if
you're a prostitute in New York you're
getting murdered so that that's a lot to
you know but if I was always that like
they did just have a bunch of broads to
be murdered in New York I was thinking
like when a cop goes and walks up on
someone's been killed it sucks because
you have to go I mean the person is dead
then you gotta go tell the family and
that's like horrible news but if it's a
prostitute that's even it's double the
bad news you have their family doesn't
know they're a prostitute so you got to
go up be like oh yeah your daughter's
dead and it wasn't going that good to
begin with because she was a prostitute
so yeah but I thought about igari if you
have to do that I think the best way to
go about it is like you should like when
you go to the door open with the
prostitute thing kind of get the ball
rolling a little bit you know you're
like look sir I hate to say this but
you're you know your daughter was a
prostitute because in the father he's
gonna every fellas gonna freak out like
I can't believe I'm gonna I'm gonna kill
her and you're like oh that's that's
actually crazy that you brought that up
he's saying it
I found out last week and hardest thing
for me to do is take a [ __ ] at a house
party cuz if you're the house party
everybody accounted for they don't [ __ ]
that bathroom look only way you're
taking [ __ ] of the house parties if you
go on the bathroom lock the door [ __ ]
climb out the window and then go back
around into the party help figure out
who's [ __ ] is in that bathroom you stand
in the car like I think he or she
climbed out the window I'm at the party
my stomach's [ __ ] up I'm doing that
thing where you hold your drink and
Bobby your head and a music playing you
just trying to figure out what you're
gonna do it your stomach what you came
focused is your stomach like [ __ ] oh
[ __ ] it got to the point I couldn't hold
it I watching my guy it was his house I
say hey man I got [ __ ] in your bathroom
he was like I gosh I was like you got me
he shook my hand with the drug can't
shake
y'all know destroy a can shake right
when you pull your hand back and see the
money or drugs in your hand I pulled my
hand back there just a little Visine
sighs Bobby and he said poopourri
anybody ever heard of this [ __ ] all the
shitty booty people know what I'm
talking about in the crown right I've
never heard of this [ __ ] I read the
instructions apparently you put poo
pourri
in a toilet this [ __ ] creates a force
field above the atmosphere the toilet it
stops the smell from getting now I don't
know the science behind [ __ ] I'm desk
but I'll try anything
I put the drops in the toilet I sit down
I start [ __ ] three minutes go by and I
don't smell no I got comfortable stepped
outside my pants [ __ ] it we in here
you'll be [ __ ] so good you lean back
on the top of the toilet
[Music]
I've never been so confident [ __ ] in the
party right ten minutes go by get up I'm
flush the toilet wash my hands I'm
swinging dope and it's a line of people
I'm like come on get in his all y'all
the guy walked there behind me he took
about five steps as I'm walking away I
hit him go what the [ __ ] I brush back in
the bath full of hey man what's going on
I'll smell know what you're talking
about he points at the toilet and it is
the most [ __ ] stains I have ever seen in
my life
it looked like the [ __ ] was holding on
to the side of the toilet go down big
fan sauce I hit man I don't know what
that's about
I wasn't doing cocaine off the sink
there's a lot of coke is in the building
what the [ __ ] was that
I was waiting somebody to say that
[Music]
I need somebody cute to tell me what to
do because the [ __ ] I'm coming up with
on my own is not working out well at all
everything I thought I did 110 years ago
I need immediately I need a wife I need
a job and I need a religion start the
night huh
[ __ ] dumb probably up front of the
craps table with the bird desperately
trying to get out of his pocket right
now all my friends are married and all
my friends are jealous of me which is
kind of silly right dude you're so lucky
you can have sex with anybody you want
to otherwise a huge huge crime then
they'll put me in jail where I don't
have to agree to it but it's done thank
you thank what you want about this face
I'm cute as [ __ ] in prison all right
like a civilian seven prison nine prison
hi I'm very handsome
behind bars it's a sliding scale my
friends put that on me though my friends
put their dreams low single like you or
the other search for the different you
every night I know you when you were
single you used to call me everybody
you wanted the witnesses that's how
insecure you were that this was never
gonna
again don't put your dreams on me put
them on your children like a healthy
couple I used to be scared of marriage
I'm not scared of marriage anymore I am
43 years old if you're a halfway cute or
halfway sweet I will lock it down this
week all right
I will move to your hometown and marry
your ass I don't even care what your
last name is I know what it's gonna be
okay
okay - that [ __ ] all you want I know who
you are
[Music]
michael jackson remember the time
remember this video do you remember we
fell in love it was around the time
michael jackson just stopped opening his
mouth fall away the [ __ ] is that
but if you remember the video is set in
a jiff you got Michael Jackson hiding
his career playing Faro Eddie Murphy
arguably one of the greatest comedians
all the time played his wife is this
gorgeous model the name of mine I watch
the video I'm jamming out they got the
cinematography an on point choreography
on point as I'm watching for some odd
reason Magic Johnson in this video
you've never seen Magic Johnson to
nothing else right everybody video they
talking like that Egypt he talking like
here in Detroit this [ __ ] made no sense
at all I had questions I need to answer
so I did a little research I found out
that this video came out in 1992 if
y'all remember
Magic Johnson announced the HIV in 1991
and that [ __ ] hit me like a ton of
bricks
this was Magic Johnson's make-a-wish
nobody thought he was gonna live to 1993
and if you died of a terminal illness in
1990 anything you want to make a wish
foundation to see the Michael Jackson
house so you could peddle giraffe hug
the monkey ride a ferris wheel on how to
do the moonwalk right
Magic Johnson used this celebrity to
pump some kid on to make original s some
doctor walking into the room to tell a
family of good news Timmy Timmy we have
some great news for you the make-a-wish
Foundation has contacted us and you'll
be happy to know that I'm sorry just a
second what you say Phil Magic Johnson
Timmy
we got you a fast pass to Six Flags
because we know you don't have time to
be waiting in those lines so you go
ahead and get out of there
[Music]
what up cut the music DJ cut the music
now usually a few shows if you bring me
up the rap music I'm like listen I'm 37
I don't listen to rap after 7 o'clock no
more do not 7:05 come around I got a
boy's admin CD played in the car for
like 5 guys I'm like if y'all going so
practic to a drive-by you gonna do that
[ __ ] romantically you're going something
correct to the end of the road that's
what you're gonna be doing oh hey like
I'll be ICT 37 in December like this is
how you know you getting older when you
start waking up 7 o'clock in the morning
thinking about what you gonna take out
the freezer to cook that's how you know
you getting a little bit older you like
supposed to be waking up with two chicks
on my bed and a hangover from the night
before witness stand I'm waking up with
pork chops on my mind like lucky I
probably cried at night I probably bacon
yeah throw some onions on it yeah
probably I gotta get some gravy with
town with time Ralph's clothes yeah
the young girls be like check you
Saturday Friday night me about the
turn-up you better go to the club
Saturday what you thought they doing
lace you know about to go home with
preheat my oven that's what the [ __ ] all
about the dude
Lowry's got a new seasoning I want to
try to that age now hey like oh listen
to breakout the seventh cuz I don't like
to bring it teach it to myself I got a
suspended license I don't like this
too much bass everybody started looking
away you know like I remember I was
doing the show in the hood I was doing
the show in the hood in watts I don't
know who the [ __ ] put me in a box and
the cops pulled me over in watts I think
I'm a high speed chase all the way to
Calabasas I said if Gallagher lock me up
you wanna lock me up in a good ass
neighborhood like media where people are
in jail for embezzlement money fraud or
it's wrong do not lock me up with no
gang members no blood and no cribs
till all my people I'm not I got a lot
of white friends till I got a whole mix
your friends that I'm tired of hanging
over my white friends there's every time
she'd have it with black people or white
friends push me to the forefront to
handle the situation like I'm the
spokesperson and I'm saying have it till
all my white friends look here the same
black people you scared of I'm scared of
- yeah let's go Brad he's crazy I know
the school let's go
[Music]
do you guys remember back in the good
old days when you had to put film in a
camera back when it took at least one
hour to find out that you're ugly now
with technology it's instant and girls
are the best to watch take photographs
you guys are hilarious but the best
occur with drunk girls cuz when you
drunk girls get together and take a
photograph you have no idea what the
[ __ ] is going on with anything I hope
this is every girl in here staggering in
front of the Laugh Factory after the
show
it's Wednesday night then you girls take
the picture but only four out of five of
you like it there's always one girl in
the group who never likes the photo
whatever wants to upload it to the
internet and that girl's always the girl
that you hot girls bring around to be
the designated driver take one for the
team
those guys laughing cuz he's hooked up
with that girl before few hot girls to
be looking all good all dolled up on the
ready to go party on the town looking
good boobs pushed out smiling looking
sexy since the flash goes off and that
picture shows up on the back of the
camera this girl will creep oh you don't
see all night out of the shadows from
the darkness out of nowhere just
demanding
[Music]
[Music]
if you're a girl and you're not laughing
you might be Claudia
[Music]
you know it's funny about jay-z like is
it me or does that [ __ ] look
like Joe Camel I might only want to see
that is the ugliest [ __ ] in rap
that [ __ ] could finish a whole stick of
chapstick in one you see he won't even
need a seat belt his lips his airbags
you I'm all right
[ __ ] boy it's [ __ ] horrible
yo is she boy jung-ho viniq a jay-z
sound like a sheep when he rap and trip
young hoping he came up into with all
your boy young huh it's like
[ __ ] what are you talking about
in New York City we ride a lot of trains
I know you guys probably all drive here
everybody drives nobody's about that
public transportation [ __ ] okay
kudos to you guys I took the bus to come
here I'm probably gonna take a train at
some point I appreciate LA trains man
everything is smooth it runs clean is
nice man
I [ __ ] hate the subway system in New
York everybody you know gets on all
about it but it's only because they have
a bunch of train lines and they run more
frequent than anywhere else that's the
only that's the only a good thing about
this [ __ ] it takes me three hours to get
home every [ __ ] night people and I
live in New York City okay there's
people who live in other states that at
home before I do now is that fair no the
Train will always break down they always
try to smooth it over and make an
announcement like please be patient
we're experienced in train traffic but
thank you for riding the MTA oh yeah
please be patient there's been the
signal derailment but thank you for
riding the MTA here's my favorite one oh
please be patient somebody could be the
suicide it's gonna take six hours to
clean all this [ __ ] up
I put take you for riot EMT look I'm not
trying to sound insensitive to suicide
people okay it's a [ __ ] up thing when
somebody jumps off a platform you know
the first few times that happened I was
very distraught
I showed a lot of emotion I was like
damn somebody jump off a platform that's
how they want to end it like that's
crazy what a [ __ ] terrible way to go
out right the first few suicides by
suicide number 57 I was fed the [ __ ] up
and out of Tolerance somebody man this
is some [ __ ] it's like the third
time this week
you gonna kill himself during rush hour
I mean come on why couldn't you do this
at 4:00 a.m. when nobody's out by the
train tracks man that is selfish and
inconsiderate I'm not trying to suicide
shame anybody okay look Yolo do your
thing but just go somewhere else where
it's more convenient because I know this
man you get angry when you get stuck all
the time you start like contemplating a
bunch of [ __ ] I started blame myself for
things that had nothing to do with why
the train got stuck I was like man I
know I shouldn't have [ __ ] that fat
girl that's why the Train stuck
that's what I get for being a good
wingman that's what I get for being a
good wingman honking that fat girl
that's what happened I'm getting
punished right now yeah man and then I
noticed like I'm usually the type of
person I'll always do nice gestures for
folks you know like I'll help you with
your bags or there's a mother with kids
I'll help you with the stroller
sometimes I give in my seat I started
good I start cutting off giving up my
seat you know what I'm like [ __ ]
everybody I work hard too I ain't good
enough for nobody anymore [ __ ] this old
I don't care I don't care if you were
pregnant all right I don't care if you a
handicap I don't care if you're pregnant
and handicapped okay it don't matter I
cut off all folks - mmhmm yep especially
if you old and white okay not that I
don't like white people but just in case
you're a racist in the 60s got away with
your actions you got a cell phone app
yeah it's what Malcolm would have wanted
people assume Malcolm you get on a train
thinking like oh this nice wholesome
Negroes gonna give up his seat for me
and that's when I pretend like I'm
sleeping due to look away like I'm gonna
make an ankle suffer so I take it to the
man
I was walking around town here and I
can't take people very impatient I went
to this Starbucks I was watching this
woman she got like a scone a muffin I
don't know what the hell it was but they
gave it to her in a brown bag and then
she was eating it added a bag she was
like fingering the muffin
[Applause]
[Music]
take it out of the bed wait
I could take it man all right it's
everywhere you go though [ __ ] people
I just watch people behave and I get
upset I don't know what's going on with
yogurt people are going nuts with yogurt
I I had to go see what the big deal was
I had went to this yogurt shop I'm
watching these two ladies in line they
have to sample what what is it sin and
they were so proud of themselves they
were gonna get a free lick right so
palette can we try the pomegranate do
you have polygon
I'm a guy he's gonna turn around and
then he's gotta fill up a little Dixie
cup man then he's gotta hand it out
grown women by the way okay and then
they get it they're like kids are I
don't do any of this I don't sample I
don't do nothing I just got the green
tea if I don't like it yeah I screwed up
you think I'm gonna hold up 12 people
stay for freely
[Applause]
[Music]
life changes when you have kids that's
certainly true I think there's nothing
more frightening than the first night at
home with a newborn as a new parent that
scary [ __ ] man the first night when you
come home and I think my son could tell
that we were a little wound up because
he had this look on his face like he was
going can I talk to a manager is there
anybody what happened to the nurse lady
that it was around for the last few days
she seemed to know what she was no no no
you guys are wonderful is there a
supervisor here that I could talk to but
all changes when you have your second
kid you know that first time you have a
kid in your in the delivery room you're
waiting to see your baby for the first
time that's a magical moment it's a very
grand moment that's like proof of a
higher power moment you know you're like
holy Sh it's the [ __ ] miracle of
childbirth is my baby we created this
child out of our love I will forever
remember this moment in time this is
beautiful the second time you see your
baby for the first time you go oh [ __ ]
because you know what you're getting
into the second time around you know how
bad it sucks you know I mean having a
kid is great but just that first three
months just look and blows donkey dicks
so badly it's just so bad and you could
tell like the enthusiasm for being a
parent wanes with every kid you know
what I mean the more kids you have the
Lexx pictures you take have you ever
noticed that
first kid 10,000 [ __ ] pictures a day
like flip book animation you can watch
the kid grow up right second kid special
occasions birthdays milestones first
steps third kid you know what I got my
hands full I'll remember this moment all
right I'll just mental snapshot we're
gonna move it on man I'm the fifth of
five kids there's like there's I got
like a pencil sketch of me that a police
artist did when they left me at a
[ __ ] rest stop that's what there's no
evidence you would think that I you just
showed up at 18 hey what's up you guys
mind if I crash in the shitty bedroom
but nobody wants
unless you played sports growing up I
don't know if you get like how sports
movies get us as guys like if the movie
Rudy comes on immediately I'm like like
immediately and I asked her I go the way
we view movies is difference anyways I
asked her I go what's a movie that makes
girls cry and she goes well the greatest
love story ever of course the notebook
well it goes like yeah that movie's a
turd ah for anybody hasn't seen the
notebook I'll give you a quick recap
like there's a lot of fluff and
horseshit in the movie but this is the
gist of it uh a girl meets a guy they
fall in love but the family doesn't
think this guy is right for her so she
moves away she meets a second guy they
fall in love they get engaged they're
gonna get married guys but then the
first guy shows up again and she starts
banging him again and then says oh by
the way fiance I love and everything but
this first guy he is my true love and I
need to be with him and I watched it
with this girl and she's like oh my god
isn't that the absolute greatest love
story ever I got the the movie about the
cheating [ __ ] is there you're talking
about that movie like nobody cares about
the fiancee as long as the girls happy I
guess [ __ ] like you do realize that
is one of the most loved movies by women
and if you were to just flip the roles
that would be one of the most hated
movies by women oh my god I pray
somebody remakes that movie in and flips
the rolls you can you can call it the
playbook
I'm looking don't get me wrong like I
don't profess to think I know women at
all trust me but I am observant and I
think I figured a couple things out
it appears women seem to be happiest
when they're being like a little bit
[ __ ] and or a guy's just totally
getting [ __ ] over cuz if you look at
girls favorite movies that's always the
plot you have the notebook it's about a
cheating [ __ ] ah
Twilight it's about a cheating [ __ ]
that's bouncing between some emo vampire
and some dog beast [ __ ] thing
Sleepless in Seattle
it's about a cheating [ __ ] that I was
living with her fiance she heard a dude
on the radio comes out to Seattle and
starts talking him want to go old-school
Casablanca you guys will never believe
what this is about it's about a cheating
[ __ ] that was married to Victor she was
gonna let him fly off till Humphrey
Bogart's like that's your husband [ __ ]
get on the plane what else Titanic it's
about a cheating [ __ ] that was engaged
to Billy Zane
he took the [ __ ] on the cruise she
starts banging Leonardo lets him [ __ ]
die in the water oh and the best one the
best one pretty woman she's a [ __ ]
she's an actual [ __ ] like it's not even
a metaphor she's a real [ __ ] in the
movie like the only love story over the
last 20 years where the guy is not being
lied to by his lover is [ __ ] Brokeback
Mountain
I grew up in a pretty traditional Indian
household I'll give an example like my
dad is one of those guys that will state
the obvious but things he said the most
intelligent things yeah you got
something like that yeah I was talking
to a couple days ago like that I have
some bad news my buddy Jason is getting
divorced he's okay until you right now
something must have happened
well let's slow down Sherlock Holmes I
don't want you cracking the case too
soon we're funny he wasn't a detective
could you imagine it but Sharma what do
we got
homicides uh Jesus how do you think it
happened I think taken done all right
who do you think did it the killer he
would be right every time is what I'm
trying to tell you parents I'm some
touch with my parents from India anybody
else immigrant parents from different
country yeah okay yeah okay hold it for
this problem Mexico where you grew up
here so then you'll understand this well
you have immigrant parents and you grow
up here at some point you end up
teaching your parents things as opposed
to them teaching you things I don't give
you an example my mother didn't know how
to flip anybody off just never did right
we're stuck in traffic was I'm a lady
cut her off cut her off hit the brakes
and look at my mama like this to which
my mother responded was II was the
kauravas with them what the hell is that
so then she gave me one thing that I
gave her all the vibe
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't dig deep into political stuff I
have one of my friend is he's an
environmentalist which is cool he's
always complaining he's like the polar
bears have feelings too the polar bears
are just like people when the ice caps
melt where the polar bears gonna go
duquan
if bears are just like people I'm sure
the polar bears will be okay right
well no cuz I cuz I figure they would
just take land from the grizzly bears
have the black bears do all the work
and half the panda bears building
railroads that's not racist just it's a
bear joke there's no bears here
you can laugh it's a hypothetical
situation where bears make a country
[Laughter]
call it America what more do you want we
can elect a half polar bear half black
bear President Obama right guys come on
I doubt myself in Texas Texas is like a
lot of weird Christian Muslim tension
where I'm from understand it does
Christianity Islam to the same [ __ ]
thing right both everyone got both get
started in the Middle East right only
difference I can think of is that Islam
is the one true religion you know that
besides that pretty much the same thing
right
do you guys realize how tough that is
but the only one in this room go into
heaven you know I mean thank you so nice
fine
rules are rules gonna show you infidels
I'm Kelly I'm a [ __ ] Muslim in this
growing up the top 5 buzz loops of all
time probably I was praying five times a
day done' the mosque every [ __ ] day
then I had sex once and I was like God
might not be real sex was nagging I lost
every Muslim value in these four seconds
I lasted I was googling Buddhism
these are [ __ ] fine are we all on
Molly what's so good why is it one so
[ __ ] fun here yeah we're drugs I love
doing drugs Dorner [ __ ] clubs no gas
in the club music all night my friend
take club they hate club music new club
music sucks bro and we have club music
does kind of suck what sounds like the
most fun music of all time like club
music is so fun that DJ could say
anything you want in the beat as long as
the ads are beat drop okay women showed
info
[Applause]
get back to the kitchen [ __ ] up feets
are too clumsy when that beat drops so
does feminism right I'll prove out right
now I'll prove it
I put Matt if I caught you a [ __ ] that's
terrible you'd be like [ __ ] you right
but if I was like slide slide it's not
right you'd be like what I do get loose
on occasion follow me on Twitter
Instagram Pat and sobbing laughing all
right
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I grew up in Chicago public school kids
jump on the public school public school
crap they don't care about us the public
school they gave us chocolate milk with
every lunch in public school they wanted
us to get diabetes in public school and
I think about chocolate milk it's great
but it doesn't it doesn't match any meal
you can think of I will be eating
chocolate milk and spaghetti that
doesn't man talkers milking tater tots
como public school
you can't even wash your food down with
chocolate milk that's bigger than what
you need the whole meal is kidding in
your neck after after lunch teachers are
asking you questions over the ethical
now we're cooking with three kids what
teachers used to always say that when we
got the right answers now we're cooking
with grease elation so accent Monsieur
teachers always got some words and
phrases that they like the I guess the
cats out of the bag now
like why a cat sandbag push open cats
and Barry let me have you able to put a
cat in the pillowcase the Haze's whose
wooden captain's I've gone out the bag
they hate it in it it's bought in one
way to skin a cat whose skin and cat who
hates cats this much they just thought
of a whole new vocabulary just herding
cats the proof was in the pudding like
what's funny proven funny and what does
it look like how many calories is
improved I want to know where proof is
in the pudding game from like I want to
know where that originated I got just
pictured some couple you know they're
saying some couple back when back in the
day back in the day you know to saying
here's the living room
you know with his friend Charlie like
it's wider than their foot man I know
you cheat no man Hank I know you're
two-timing me hang on you crazy woman
you crazy
Oh crazy are you crazy crazy man you
don't say that's why women can't vote
yet cuz you crazy
oh well who whose panties at even my
grandmother's tapioca pudding
and Charlie was like I would like to
prove within the PUD shut up man you
know what I get on out of here I used to
hate it
remember I remember in school when they
would hand out the worksheets to you and
the teacher would lick their thumb to
get better traction on the page I hated
that cuz I will always get the French
little eight-page it was like she would
reopen the lick every time she got to my
death what you guys do these worksheets
and when you're done
turn around I got the junk lick on my
page hate it man yeah well you ever get
you a new outfit two new sneakers and
something you just go to the pencil
sharpener five six times everything that
I had to say truth there's a personal
chart because you got some new Nikes I
used to do that but I had Bruins the
paintless shoes I was like yeah y'all
feelin me y'all feelin is my pencil
we'll go all the way they it was just a
mere a slur in the land that was it
[Music]
I just got back from Vegas you guys ever
go to Vegas yeah I was just there a week
that'd blow my head off man that sucked
don't go there a whole week it sucks no
the worst is I gamble a little bit I
don't gamble a ton but I don't like to
lose you know I hate losing it you know
I'm sitting at the blackjack table I get
a 20 and I'm like all right I'm sticking
and then the dealer gets a 21 and I
gotta be nice about it cuz there's too
many cameras around so you put all your
money in one thing and then I go I got
20 I'm sticking she gets to 21 you got
to go by God look at that oh my god you
sure did get me on that one boy oh boy a
good little card player you are my
goodness that's a lot of money I lost
haha but this is fun yeah it's great so
fun oh my god takes everything in my
bone I just want to go [ __ ] you shut off
you [ __ ]
seriously god damn it
but I always take the burbank flight at
5 o'clock over here it's all the
strippers making their money for the
weekend you know it's a good flight
fellas if you want to get on that one
but I mean it's funny because that
flights awesome it's just like Vegas
everybody's doing shots or strippers on
the plane it's [ __ ] awesome then the
Sunday night flight back I shut up and
give me a ginger ale shut your fat face
[ __ ] hate biggest bullet [ __ ] down
up PC shut down I don't give a crap
update okay No then six months later big
oh it's not a Discovery Channel and
Discovery Channel to always talk about
like the mating rituals of different
animals right like every animal in the
animal kingdom when the male dude sees
the female dude he does a dance make
some noise and then they right there and
I'm like why the hell don't we are that
[ __ ] you know what I'm saying like I'll
demonstrate let's say that's a that's a
female ostrich and I'm a male ostrich
right y'all seen this a million times on
Discovery Channel
the North American Ridgeback ostrich
sees the female he approaches
shows its feathers and then lets out
it's cool and then I don't applaud yet
cuz there's a question why don't don't
we have that matching up dope that B be
it like a Taco Bell you I'm saying
you're like yeah let me get a chicken
chalupa what you want
volcano nacho [ __ ]
[Applause]
nothing all right yeah dr. pepper and a
choco taco
[Applause]
I'm settling down though TK real [ __ ]
[ __ ] I uh I just recently got married
hold your applause you don't know my
situation
[Laughter]
I shouldn't have to tell you I've got
Bea Arthur on my [ __ ] chess is a game
show I got game married but don't know
because here's this I think I I think I
did it wrong
I'll explain
I married a white man which is fine like
you do what you have to do that's fine I
married a white man with a lower credit
score than mine this lady was shocked
she couldn't even laugh she just look I
didn't know that [ __ ] was possible all
right I thought you just got two or
three hundred bonus points just for
being white I thought I was gonna be
moving on up like The Jeffersons
he can't even co-sign the lease we ain't
moving on [ __ ] and the crazy thing he is
he is gorgeous he's beautiful I love him
I do it every time I see his face I want
to sing a love song but uh every time I
see his fake Oh score
I want to sing a Negro spiritual
[Applause]
it's a [ __ ] up situation because like
you saw him walking down the street you
know you'd be like wow that's an
all-american boy right there but if you
heard how they talk to him at Bank of
America Wow why people get weird with
that joke and I love that I'm here for
as much white discomfort as possible
that's my Grindr tribe actually uh I
have a friend who hates that joke he
says Julian you shouldn't you shouldn't
do that joke I said why says you
shouldn't say the n-word I said why he
said because be et said don't get ahead
of me TK please don't
BET's said that the n-word is one of the
25 things ruining the black community to
which I said [ __ ] be et is one of the
25 things
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
tonight I wasted my whole day watching
murder mysteries on TV does anybody else
say to that stuff I watch them all i
watch Forensic Files first 48 Dateline
leave me alone that's my day I love them
but they have made me the most paranoid
person on the planet you know my new
biggest fear is being wrongfully
convicted of a murder Oh God oh ho that
consumes my thoughts all day that's it
it's got its got it bad it's got to the
point where somebody invites me over to
their house I'm not always like you
should come over why so I can leave skin
particles all over your carpet why don't
I walk myself to prison Chad - I am so
parent I can't I can't I don't trust
anybody
I trust nobody I don't trust anybody
anymore I don't even trust my wife she
wants me to take out a life insurance
policy we're not gonna be doing that
Denise that's how all of the episodes
start I'm not giving you motive
I don't care man I don't care I do not
care I don't trust her I'm always on the
safe side and you should be too
sometimes my wife will get up in the
middle of the night to go to the
bathroom I cat allure
what are you going that's your third
trick Denise your third trip I know
you're plotting in there I'm not dumb I
don't trust anybody
I know what I've been doing lately
you've actually tried this too I've been
dropping alibis everywhere I go blue
blue just so you know that I was there
every second of my life for the last
seven years accounted for they're all
accounted for it's gotten is I didn't
even really want to get up on stage
tonight to be honest with you they're
like there's probably gonna be like 85
people there I was like you know what I
like that alibi you put me up there
[Applause]
everything's accounted for sometimes I
got a Walmart I don't need anything I go
to Walmart and look for the closest
security camera I just run right to it
and wave Hey
hi 3:45 a.m. 3:45 I'll be in electronics
fall way over there I'll tell you my
favorite forensic episode to make you
guys are just doing this one my favorite
friends have kept us know this guy
committed a murder 70 years ago 70 years
ago mate just now cause my favorite one
because of how they caught him like they
invent a new forensic technology and
they're able to test old semen samples
why isn't everybody laughing they kept
it for 70 years bed kept for 70 years
they help what they do with it they put
it in the closet it's got its own closet
70 years ago they didn't know what
forensics were
[Laughter]
so why did the detective keep it that's
not a detective that knew what he was
doing though that's just some dude with
fish that means 70 years ago there was a
detective that showed up to a crime
scene just all confidence hey is that
semen backing up hanging out I want it
in my office
open it shut case everybody's all
confused what's up with detective
Johnson why is he keeping semen from all
of the crime scenes
he took my semen should I have done that
[Music]
today was like really weird I'm an
insecure person I'm very insecure today
all that bus stop and they're about 10
people at this bus stop and a homeless
man was going around asking people for
money but he max me for money and I
should hurt my feelings they did feel
really bad it got to the point where I
was following him around hoping he would
ask me for money eventually which just
looked like I was asking for money with
him people were like yo he told the last
[ __ ] we don't have anything someone
gave me a quarter I'm like he'll you
make me look bad in front of a homeless
guy
I need him to think I'm rich okay is not
good
I graduated in film last year I got a
film degree got a film degree thank you
very much okay here's the thing about
film there's only three places you can
end up living and I firmly believe that
I'm living in one of them right now okay
so you can live in Hollywood you can
live in New York or you can live at your
mom's house those are the only options
in case you about geography
I chose option C I'm in my mom's house
she wants me to [ __ ] leave and I can
tell okay so she's constantly playing
anti broking of music in the house and I
can't stand it
little do you know love salsify chief
key that's the anti broke [ __ ] song
okay
one the main Louvre is God the awesome
broke boy I think that's my mom's
favorite part of the [ __ ] song she
used to sit in screams every single time
it's like God y'all so broke but do you
hear that Marcus God the awesome broke
boys okay this man is in awe of how
broke you are okay he's overwhelmed all
right
discombobulated in fact in fact I agree
with him all right you two get the [ __ ]
out of my
Marcus shall wake up in the morning it's
bad
my mom has always been a savvy so my mom
I bet most people in here they got
spanked on them my mom didn't do that
she's way more creative okay
my mom took away swimming lessons and
that's way more [ __ ] up alright that's
a way cuz you said [ __ ] a spanking I'm
taking like a vital life skill from you
alright
dozen to drown to death I'm off to me
and my food will bragging about our
discipline skills so yo y'all hit your
kids [ __ ] I kill my kids to get my
point across
okay you got nothing you can't talk back
if you can't breathe [ __ ] you get
anything
she'll beat on my dead body yeah talk
back in there and they can talk back now
I'll be back
[Music]
if there's so many cars it's like the
traffic is big but actually even though
there's so much more traffic here I like
driving here more than I did in Finland
because here the law is different
because here you can take a ride on the
red light I love that
in Finland that's illegal
so I feel like a criminal I'm just
always taking rights
way more than I shoot if the light is
red
I just I'm gonna take a ride after I
basically go in circles I love it so
much but driving here is kind of great
but actually it's it's walking is not
good it la la is built for cars not for
pedestrians and even the light you can
even know this discussed in the traffic
light if you're driving green means go
and red means stop
and that's universal that's everywhere
but here in LA if you are walking the
stop is the hand and that's red but then
the there like the otherwise it's the
guy that this guy but but is it he green
he's not green it's just white it's just
quite no color so it's it's it doesn't
say go it's a taste like
I've been selected it's kind of saying
like you can go but we don't recommend
it like we are not saying don't go you
can go but it's not safe just somebody
might be taking a ride so I think you
should buy a car
I just got the 90s station on Sirius in
my car a big game saver traffic sucks
out here in no way but if you got good
Tunes we can all test traffic's not an
issue right and the 90s I'm a product of
that era you get the best songs of all
time right call me Bad's I want to sex
you up came on today yeah if you even
heard that song in a while you forget
how sexy it is man it gets you excited
unexpectedly right as soon as I heard
ooh looks like whoa I'm ready to [ __ ]
right now I got to get his seatbelt off
man and way too horny at 11 a.m. that
was on the agenda I'll pull over and
find some but you know I never pay
attention to the lyrics a catchy songs
cuz I'm always jamming out to the melody
right I'm just like Dizzy's bug catchy
right but when you're in traffic you
have a lot more time to hone in on the
words really pay attention to what's
being sung I don't know if you've done
that to Color Me badd I want to sex you
up recently oh my god let me give you a
few of the verses ready girl you know it
feels so good
and we can do it till we both wake up
whoa what whoa back it up man
till you both wake up you guys been
sleeping and [ __ ] is that even safe
who initiates that yo girl I'm getting
super turned on right now what do you
say we take some Tylenol PM and see what
happens
happy Valentine's Day tired of this
awake [ __ ] ringtones man that's how
much emotion music evokes people set
ringtones to a specific person that's
calling them cuz that to make them
that's how they feel about that person
right my ex I was infatuated with her so
any times she called I had to be Rick
Astley's together forever right
so many times she called it was together
forever right I was like oh we'll be
together forever baby then we broke up I
had changed something more more
appropriate to what was going on so I
changed it to the dangers lurking music
from Super Mario Brothers so anytime she
caught it was dinner new noonan dinner
noona noona [ __ ] can never beat this
level King Koopa she's on her period
it's always fight to the club that's
another reason I don't like to go to the
club by the way uh most dudes do not
want to fight I figured this out like 9
out of 10 dudes do not want to fight
you'll ask any dude they'll all say the
same thing yeah I throw now but I thrown
out if I had to yeah I feel like if push
came to shove if they always say [ __ ]
like that if push came to shove and
shoving shoving and pushing through
shoving her if shove came to push and I
push up yeah [ __ ] throw down here's
what most fights with dudes are they're
not fights cuz most dudes again don't
want to fight but we get into the ring
so quickly we have so much testosterone
that takes the smallest things to set us
off and then it's just taunting you
observe any bar fight it's just taunting
in questions man it's just like it takes
the littlest thing somebody will bump a
shoulder and somebody like whoa what's
up dude huh
what was that he's like what's up bro
you heard me dude what's going on what's
going on chillin you good real good dude
real good dude was that your shoulder I
don't know was it what's that bro do you
not know what shoulders are I don't know
do I
what's that bro is that your friend I
don't know who's asking does he like the
fish it's like you guys [ __ ] getting
to know each other right now like
somebody punched somebody
race which should be the least important
thing the least important thing has
become the most important thing race we
care about people's race since when why
do we care people come in all different
shapes sizes and colors right there's a
person I'm standing him at the airport
there was this lady in front of me white
lady
no offense I'm serious like a white like
a fat white leg like with her husband no
I think her name was Barbara I don't
know why she had like a barbara vibe
like Barbara I like Barbara right she's
standing in line right in front me a guy
walks into the plane happens to bump
into her happens to be black happens to
be black
yeah I'm pointing out the only black guy
here when the black guy here the rest of
you [ __ ] I can't see any of you you
know sir so point like yo you know what
she turns to her husband and says she
turns to her husband goes [ __ ] black
guys just like that I'm standing right
there [ __ ] but they're all destroyed
look at them animals they're all the
same that's what she said no yes
and I was hurt I was hurt because this
[ __ ] didn't think I was black you don't
say she didn't even like she said that
cuz usually in front of other black
people you look like you don't say
nothin huh n-word like you don't say so
disrespectful Barbara and here's the
thing of 2018 2018 I'm different now
I don't attack people no it's a new year
it's a new mean I kill them with
kindness treat people as good as you are
not as bad as they are so I didn't say
anything I didn't say anything I didn't
say anything
I waited him when we got on the plane
Barbara like when she was in that she
was trying to sit her fat Barbara arms
she couldn't put the bag she couldn't
put the bag in the compartment she could
she was like I'll Barbara like she
couldn't you know what I did you know
what I did
I helped her I grabbed the bag I grabbed
the kill them with kindness I grabbed
the bag bro like a gentleman
I grabbed the bag and then I threw that
[ __ ] down a [ __ ] aisle like what bit
like a [ __ ] you not no I'm kidding I'm
kidding I'm kidding
I I helped her I helped Barbara I helped
Barbara with her fat hands and I helped
her and I put the bag in the compartment
I put the bag in the compartment and
I'll tell you what happened her whole
demeanor changed her whole demeanor
changed she turned around and looked at
me and she said oh my god that was so
sweet so sweet and I remember it's not
like I forgot you're I'm saying she's
like oh my god so sweet honey did you
see this she she heard the Meanor change
her her like her spirit tape she even
got skinnier I swear to god she was skin
feels like that she got skinny she got
skin she was like oh my god I she was so
nice all of a sudden she was like look
at this honey did you see this you nice
young man nice young man helped me with
my bag what a wonderful young man
outside no [ __ ] say black now
say black now say all blacks are the
same like me Sam Leia like me okay I'm
the Masters in econ and AG lot agree
what do you want from me
yeah I'm saying and you know what she
said she said yeah I didn't think you
were black that's what she said to me
[Music]
you're not fast in high heels you're
sexy I'll give you that sup girl
crossing the street one time look sexy
as [ __ ] just she look good
till they like turn red and she had a
rock you ever seen a woman running high
heels their bodies go through a
transformation gravity pushes them down
and then their hands come up like for LA
so Raptors look like they're headed
Jurassic Park when she knew it - she saw
the light turn red she went from sexy to
[ __ ] real quick said oh my god
[Applause]
nothing was bouncing sexy not see what
did he shout out to the last the neck
did he came back hit the right take it
look like the right to do the left any
money here amber I got a table I gotta
[ __ ] eight of them in his herd behind
I felt like a soldier leaning army all
yours
by the end of the night they sound like
horses
[Applause]
you ever seen one last [ __ ] laughs
while looking for a friend's in shape
because your chewing gum looked like a
deer out in the wild like a baby deer
lost when they can't find its mama
starts yelling for it she's going Hey
[Applause]
[Applause]
there's a group of guys walking by they
look concerned we're like are you lost
girl what floor are you on and she said
[Applause]
that's a third of it coming so we
finally make it to the club and they
search my ass for half an hour but these
[ __ ] get a walk-in on those weapons
those high heels those are weapons I've
seen their [ __ ] go down in the club
what girls in she's another girl she
doesn't like she goes [ __ ] that [ __ ]
dad she went from nothing a [ __ ]
wimpy runs up on the side of this girl
and just gets the shoe hands enough to
her friend like a prison shake and then
walked away like a box to just
oh my god damn bro we haven't even
started drinking yet I think I just want
this a burner now here I go like an
idiot I'm gonna buy the first round you
ever seen with these [ __ ] drink and
are given I write it down I'm going to
the bartender with the [ __ ] list and
I'm like ah let me get it right here
this nut with buttery nipples a fuzzy
navel some pink panties wet [ __ ] sex on
the beach and then out here smothered
[ __ ]
oh and a [ __ ] [ __ ] - pork bite
tender it's her first night she doesn't
know from ordering drinks or describing
the perfect day I hear it go like an
idiot that give women alcohol you don't
you don't [ __ ] do that you don't do
that bro that's worse than feeling
agreement after 12:00 you don't do that
[ __ ] I got a theory about women the more
they drink the younger the ACT bunch of
34 year olds couple drinks later gossipy
teenagers donkey [ __ ] about everybody
that was at the table one of them leaves
and then the other ones like hey you
know she got that ring right she can't
afford that [ __ ]
hmm oh shut up here she comes here she
comes
so women sitting on the table holding in
a pastor like [ __ ] that this [ __ ] knows
too much too much
[Music]
we can hold it in no matter like [ __ ]
you [ __ ] come with me
now with me you were there last week
come with me at this point I can't
afford it buying drinks the war I'm
gonna [ __ ] mortgage other guys are by
no drinks trying to get laid they're
acting younger younger and I gotta take
care of these [ __ ] you don't
understand I thought Michael Marmot
chuck-e-cheese with eight kids attended
up to here and [ __ ] from yelling I don't
like their 5 years old I'm like what are
you doing get down from there you can't
dance then get down oh my god why are
you crying why are you prepping me wait
your shoes hey don't put them in your
mouth y'all know you ever see four girls
come home after walking around all day
first thing they do is they go oh here
they are all laid about drinking
drinking drinking they hit four years
old and I was arguing with them in the
hotel room - I said why are you gonna
wear those shoes look at your [ __ ]
feet that [ __ ] looks like it hurt you're
from a big toe stated to the left bro
that was on the right foot you should
have seen it all the toes in the front
like that we have to been crazy
the one sticking out look like the Pope
Mexican in the Honda this was all she
can tell me is patella kill they cook
they look cute it was a little strappy
shoes every single strappy shoes they
wear them up to their [ __ ] knees are
looking like gladiators and then they go
out in the Sun and they went on my own
[ __ ] night and when they take them
off it looks like they still got a mine
I get feet look like Christmas isn't she
she said I'm gonna wear these all night
where I'm wrong you ever seen the little
number on the inside of the shoe that's
not the science that's how many sons
think you're wonderful Oh torture
yourselves with their shoes
don't tell me fellas you ever seen your
ladies come home after wearing those
[ __ ] torture traps all day and when
they take them off it looks like they're
having an orgasm just oh oh my god yes
Oh [ __ ] with the witnesses oh my god oh
my god that feels so good
oh yeah oh yeah oh that feels good don't
touch me don't touch me
torture yourselves with them choose them
for what to impress who guys we don't
give a [ __ ] I never had a single April
did you [ __ ]
ah bro she was wearing flats
[Laughter]
[Music]
it was crazy though that commercial
caught on and people wanted to know all
can have you ever met the dog isn't
gonna live forever and guys are like
dude you're the voice that dog Matt's
awesome I bet you that voice gets you
laid I bet you're incorrect does not get
me laid it may however get me out of a
dangerous hostage situation on an
airplane in the future everybody will
die tonight there's no intention why are
you standing
I uh I don't know if you know this but
yo quiero Taco Bell no freakin way
that's you you swear to Allah you're not
pullin
now hold on one second burger is sitting
in coach
you don't you think oh shoot bro in the
video you cannot move sit right down my
friend here take my camera get a shot of
us together here you take my machine gun
and you shoot at me get a video full of
it laughing shuffle a taco Banco
ah my wife doesn't say a lot of things
about black culture like my son has a
little curly afro and I believe I got
here like with nobody here yeah only
three black beard she brushes his hair
on maybe you can't brush an afro she's
like why not and said because my son
looks like Frederick Douglass every
morning before he goes to school which
were you taken to school a wind tunnel
we have a convertible
then she wants to boost the other day
for my son's hair ok pupusas black hair
later gentlemen okay
black hair will drink mousse it boosted
my son here one thing I can tell you
those you doing because the hair care
products the box there's no sign at the
beautiful my hair is white boy sharpen
and flowers I said I need to know that
the box is for us ok I need to see a
fist after all a bag of weed just enough
flavor plain something super head
somebody
people
[Music]
like you know it's cool like if you are
a bass singer
anytime you hear some sexy R&B
singers always got like the same type of
rhythm today's speech pattern you know
like they can get away with that
nobody else can i play that from the
beginning you know what's up with self
girl I've been thinking about you and
it's like every time I see you I feel
all cool and and then they come out
with that sexy laughs that doesn't make
no sense every time I think about judges
like where the does that come from
like I'll play it from the beginning
again
like you can't work at a bank in turn oh
 like that it doesn't have the same
sex appeal play that again from the
beginning
yo wassup wassup welcome to Bank of
America I was looking at your account
recently I noticed you were overdrawn
you might want to take care of that okay
my wife's great though she takes care of
us she's the smart make sure we eat
healthy and I'm which is totally
annoying I'm gonna add white bread in
like six years but what's wrong with
white bread I didn't know there was
anything wrong with white bread I grew
up eating white bread now all we have in
our house is that Brown whole grain oat
wheat [ __ ] with peanuts and acorns stick
it up this side of it she buys like it's
chia seed flax weed or something I don't
know it looks like it has fleas the loaf
of bread looks like it has fleas rust
I'll try to make a sandwich I got this
round I forgot a way up with a loaf of
trail mix okay I got lunch till I open
up the fridge and see something like you
know I don't know cage-free almond milk
or some weird [ __ ] soy I don't even know
[Music]
that's right it's very frustrating for
me you know because the other married
guys they got to sneak out of their
house to eat doughnuts you know I got to
sneak out of my house to drink two
percent hell is that I'm like hiding in
the car oh yeah these cows were not
treated you ain't late
[Applause]
been in LA a week and I'm already broke
that's good I'm scraping by a little
help from my friend Coinstar guys are
familiar with Coinstar
I'd be dead if it weren't for Coinstar
you see the people in the grocery store
using that machine they're doing it the
correct way see the guy and there were
like the five gallon water jug filled
with change once a year he cashes it in
goes to the circus buys a dune buggy I
don't know what people do with extra
income I'm pretty sure it wasn't
designed for my method which is about
every other week I'll stagger in with my
tiny disposable Tupperware container the
small one with the blue lid designed to
hold one sandwich but mine's not even
full so it jingles when I'm walking
across the parking lot like some
homemade failure tambourine just check a
check a check a check look out everybody
seven dollars worth of dirty nickels
coming through Thank You Coinstar I've
taken drastic measures to combat my
poverty I travel quite a bit and
recently I've been toying with the idea
of just like buying a van and kind of
living out on the road for a while not
actually having a residence but I'm
having trouble saving up for a down
payment and I didn't realize exactly how
broke I was till the other day I caught
myself saying aloud man I'd sure like to
live in a van I just can't afford it
maybe one day
keep working hard stay focused maybe
then I could live in a van get tired of
the van I'll hang out the desert for a
while
build me a Ford out old truck tires and
porta-potties drive around on my stolen
dirtbike shooting off my homemade potato
gun kind of have dreams guys and by the
way if you're willing to live in a van
the government should just give you a
van
here you go you hobo is your fan been
off the grid leave us alone
I gotta say though when I was traveling
in the Middle East I thought the
security was going to be a lot stricter
you know like let's say this is a
computer that the dude is supposed to be
looking at well your bags are going
through this is him what's up what are
you doing go put on your shoes and go
you know like what the [ __ ] is going on
here it's no rules over there I'll tell
you like when you when the plane lands
here in the United States the plane
lands they say please keep your seeds
when you get to the gate right in the
middle east like that there's a plane
hit Stamper people are up like trying to
get their bag cigarettes are being lit
like [ __ ] [ __ ] is going on in this
plane I say listen we I say the weirdest
thing I was in Syria I went to Syria and
like okay one person like you made it
out you know
I think what freaked me out is like like
they really do not like Jews okay people
who earn a lot of people in the Middle
East they don't like Jesus on a level
that's like so casual like you had a
party just talking to somebody you know
like man it's raining what did you wait
what what I don't understand so I be
walking down the street oh the Jews the
Jews some hateful [ __ ] man
they're like Jews and they don't think
gays exist in the Middle East you know
you people in the Middle East think is
like it doesn't really exist even though
grown-ass men will hold pinkies and walk
down the street like this I've ever seen
that just grown men burly men like me
just walking down the street this is a
gateway to sucking dick anything huh
like before you look at if you go come
here and the weirdest thing to me who
those for a place that hate gays they
are obsessed with a clean butthole I'm
not being dirty ma'am at all I'm just
saying at the in the bathroom in every
Middle Eastern country there's a
high-powered water hose right next to
every bathroom and I'm not talking about
that [ __ ] you clean the dishes with no
no this could take paint off a
battleship okay you know thought through
the half cockpit you know I mean nobody
told me so I gave it a fool I was like I
bet the Jews did use it this right here
just the Jews if you put that in here I
tell you that right now
Oh something refreshing though knowing
that everybody had a clean butthole
that's definitely more pressure
now you can just walk around and do a
spot butthole check Bobcat go you know
Middle East has clean but holy underarms
and breath on fire
[Laughter]
I think my face says Dodge Ram
[Music]
right pickup driver up here lay the
shoulders command the road step up to
get in looks like me right carrying
around would steal it
drywall Ariat fortunately at time the
reality look previous Fritzi actually
that's that your compact
that's a cargo one don't get it anybody
on that handle its the uber car that
every time you stop crank the boom will
work for might help might get out of
here Breaking and Entering
I like that it's too quiet
how dangerous is that looks like a
little golf cart driving off the road
can't even hear it
my second one the first one got totaled
well then that totaled my car goes you
know I couldn't see or hear you
hey Tyler congratulations on the ninja
vehicle succeeded there
[Music]
guys this is kind of cool recently for
the first time in my career I was
recognized walking down the street and
it was simultaneously the coolest and
the most embarrassing thing that's ever
happened to me there's two things you
need to know over this story two things
you need to know the first is that my
name is Rob Gleason and the second thing
you need to know is that the night
before the night before I got to do
Conan pretty cool so here we go here we
go word for word verbatim what it was
like to be recognized walking down the
street here we go hey hey excuse me
hey are you Dave Gleason oh do you mean
Rob Gleason yeah yeah I saw you on
Letterman oh do you mean
Conan ah wrong guy then and he just
started walking away and I was just like
no stop him stop that man stop him sir
I think I'm him
I think maybe you're just a little
confused and he goes okay all right what
were your jokes about okay okay sure I
did a joke about getting off her drugs
in a bathroom and I swear to god he goes
oh you are Dave what's up man
very funny and here's the messed up
thing about me the rest of that week I
was just driving around town with this
attitude like I'm Dave Gleason I've been
on the Letterman it's not even hot
anymore how do I do that
[Music]
all right so a couple years ago a couple
years ago I came out of the closet as
gay and for me the hardest part about
coming out was tracking down everyone
from my childhood so I could tell them
they were right
it's so funny after you come out so many
people will tell you that they knew you
were gay before you even identified as
gay like in fact came out so many people
from my past were like banner up please
to escape I didn't rob police and suck P
peace I swear to god there's a true
story Gleason was ten years old he was
playing Little League I was like that
kid right there it's gonna be a quick
there was just something about how he
put the bat in his mouth that kid right
there I don't know why I do that joke in
a Brooklyn accent I grew up in Milwaukee
Wisconsin where you can talk like what's
the badness malls what do you say
anything in Wisconsin accent you have to
invoke God and then end it with the
words good for him though you have down
low blow muster drop and spend as I've
gone around putting baseball bats at his
mother for God's sake that's his
god-given right good for him though so
[Applause]
that was that was a couple of years ago
I came out as gay a couple years ago and
then and now now and this is totally
true and I'm not making this up
now I have a very serious girlfriend
like with a vagina
yeah gross sign out I was getting older
and I was just like hey nobody's perfect
no it's true it's totally true I have a
girlfriend I'd like met a girl and we
totally hit it off and started hanging
out became best friends and then like
started dating and like fell in love
it's going great and we're crazy about
each other
but now I'm in this place we're like
telling my parents I was gay was hard
enough I don't know how to go back to
the dinner table and tell them that I'm
bisexual or that I made a huge mistake
so my parents will ask me about boys my
mom will be like hey Rob how's Josh and
I'll be like uh he's good but then at
night I just sneak around and kiss my
lady
I'm starting to think that maybe what
turns me on isn't like guys or girls
maybe what turns me on is lying to my
parents I think the problem with
bisexuality is we just we just don't
have a lot of like openly bisexual men
that America can look to you know it's
pretty much just me and Mike Pence and
[Applause]
thank you could you imagine if I came
out again to my parents as bisexual my
dad would have to send his co-workers
another email and I guess today with
kids today you can be the way the world
is there you can be whatever you want
you can be whoever you can be you me
asexual or transsexual or bisexual or
pansexual pansexual it sounds like a gay
guy that wants to have sex with your
dishes
hey Todd's coming over hide the lake
crew say ah does the Lakers say crab
[Applause]
it's just like like being bisexual both
identities are the hard part to explain
to people it's just both identities are
part of me you know what I mean like
I've I've lived both lives I'm like it's
like just because you're not a soldier
anymore it doesn't mean you don't it
doesn't mean you don't forget the war
you know what I mean like I will never
forget those West Hollywood bathrooms I
know like book like if I'm at a bar from
in a bar and there's like a bachelorette
party no not the straight about be like
hey hey let's there you know send that
table around the drinks they're not all
getting married you know I'll send him a
round of shots for the ladies but then
if I'm on a flight and I like left my
wallet in my bag above the thing and the
flight attendant comes back hey totally
forgot my wallet
I'd love a gin and tonic but it's up
there I can't get that you do not have
to give me to you [ __ ]
I just I think for some reason like one
of the hardest things in life is to just
be yourself you know and then it took me
a while and it was it was a long road
but I figured out who I am
I'm Dave Gleeson
[Music]
honestly is everything i'ma for a reason
okay first of all how about the little
things all right when you're home alone
and you stub your toe all right nobody's
around and you stub your toe in for two
minutes you're just like oh when the
pain goes away you're like okay what was
the point of that god I understand
there's two minutes I'll never get back
why in ninth grade I slipped and fell on
my face in front of all my friends right
I wouldn't just fall out with laughing
like I do not tell my Brent to get a
fake all right either fit my mom was
like go to Korea cuz it's cheaper don't
ever go cheap on your teeth right these
are permanent fixtures in your mouth my
friends took me to my first rave you
know techno club all my other teeth were
glowing is ever these two teeth right
here made in Korea right I didn't know
oh my god ecstasy's crazy everything
happens for a reason dawg my friends are
like close your mouth bro what the
hell's all your mouth why did that
happen it is what it is
and the last of five kids or I got two
older brothers two older sisters they're
all tears apart I'm the fifth I'm ten
years apart from my next brother I'm the
last so I remember sixth grade I feel
like an accident you know some of us you
know some of you guys feel like an
accident you know I remember in sixth
grade I went to my dad am I an accident
he said there are no accidents in God's
kingdom only regret kids cost so much
money
my mom was a unit accident condom broke
ah ha ha ha ha just kidding Asian men
cannot break window oh very funny
I lied about never having an animal
before the cats I actually had a
goldfish once as an adult but I didn't
go to Pet Smart and get it cuz no one
should do that as an adult man no don't
man should roll down at Petsmart and be
like hey let me get a goldfish my
apartments kind of lonely my friend
actually wanted an affair which is one
of the weirdest things to win at a fair
he threw a ring onto a jug and the guy
goes you won he's like what did I win
and the guy was a living thing it's
alive it only has so much oxygen in the
bag we can't fit that much in there you
have to take it home right now and
become a fish dad it's like how do we
just win responsibility at this fair
this is [ __ ] up just give me a stuffed
one I already feel bad today I ate a
funnel cake I don't want to feel a
double Bad's I took it from my friend I
took the fish because I thought you know
he's a piece of [ __ ] he won't take care
of it I don't want to feel weird for the
rest of my life no my friend just tossed
a fish into the trash man I only took it
from him cuz I thought even if I did
everything right
the fish would only live for like a
little while I was so wrong
I thought if I fed it and got it fresh
water it would die in like five or ten
minutes you know how long this fish
lived nine [ __ ] years nine years I
was twenty five hundred dollars deep
into a goldfish my friend one he had
fresh water he had a castle with two
rooms I'm living in a studio apartment
the fish has a castle fresh water I'm
taking mercury to the face in my shower
and I lit in the fish is like it is very
clean in here
and I love this I thought he was dead
like a hundred time in nine years he was
just being really still I would see him
I had a straight shot from my couch the
fish tank and he looked like it was done
and I was like oh [ __ ] yeah no more
money for the fish we had a good run me
and Ralph know I get near the tanking
back I'm back give me some money and
some tetra mall shit's expensive
my tank I'm not rolling my tank it's
when they turn upside down that's when
they're dead I didn't know that I'm so
dumb
I thought he learned a trick attack the
class a couple times it was game over
for Ralph and I didn't know what to do
with them so I googled it
number one answer flush him down the
toilet flushing down I'd had him for
nine years you want me to put in with my
[ __ ] and sit it into the sewer
[Music]
I went out I'm from the south which is
weird because it look like everything
the South hates a transgender Jewish
Mexican it's actually up it's funnier
the longer you look at baby something
it's a Republican scarecrow up there
it's gonna like I'm so raging up it once
applied for college I applied for 14
scholarships got all of them but they
just sent me a check that says we're
sorry about whatever we did your
grandparents yeah what happened I am
actually half Salvadorian haploid Osama
is a country in Central America there's
a hundred murders a day /li it them down
there's just that I was a huge fan of
Donald Trump at first you know cuz I
have my family's Hispanic if they need
to go okay I really care what you put
him just get him out of my living room
I'm tired of being a master doing
questions like can you watch you have a
girlfriend like I know aunt Maria once
you have a green card let's stop asking
questions we don't want the answers to
how about that Donald Trump me past the
Muslim ban last year a lot of people are
mad about that some people defended it
though they're like hey you know what
man is just temporary which i think is
the worst offense for anything ever just
like you are you beating your wife
you're like hey man it's just temporary
okay it's only until we figure out
what's going on with the meat loaf
this huh a lot of people worried about
North Korea I'm not housing any of these
moms are gonna make it to the US because
I think they're gonna keep being weighed
down by the 500 North Koreans holding
onto it trying to escape so where you
sitting that bomb the place where they
keep the food I'm down you're saying you
guys drinking tonight yeah you want to
know what nobody tells you about
drinking and driving sometimes you get
home to realize that
because we're all being collectively
lied to they don't put that in the
posters rights like don't took a drive
it could ruin your life dude say or
exceed $20 on an uber then the
possibility where's the pro drug driving
poster just a guy's sit in his driveway
taking a victory nap you get home you
feel like it won the Super Bowl you
start thanking people you're like take
my dad for never really being there like
to thank the local police for cutting
out on patrols like Kenan you just drug
drove home what are you gonna do now I'm
gonna call my girlfriend Lima shooting
boys spell said I'm gonna do about every
cent I thought like loves a lot like
smoking crack you know cuz the first
like this is amazing and then your house
is gone yes yeah my girlfriend recently
asked me one to be in an open
relationship and that's just a nice way
being like hey you know this
relationship needs less you that's Debra
we could for god I don't understand open
relationships personally you know cuz
not like all aspects of the relationship
are open right only the sex part it's
not like the middle of an argument I
could be like hey actually I'm tapping
out this is Steve from improv class he's
a great listener
trying to be cool a lot of my friends
are cool they have gauges if you don't
know what gauges are total holla terior
where your personality's supposed to
bathe that's all that is you know cool
thing you do with gages there's a cool
thing you if you look through a little
hole you could find somebody better to
talk to so you can do to may say yeah my
mom's deaf my it's a true thing and
growing up like my dad I was hearing but
he used to argue all the time in sign
language and that's the saddest game of
charades you're ever gonna see your
goddamn life that's what that is
you ever seen a grown man have to mine
his way out of an argument
my dad would just come home home like
[Music]
[Music]
everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
first of all I want to say [ __ ] uber
right
probably lighter you caught a little bit
here but [ __ ] down now I took an uber
once and I will never take one again all
right I was trying to show off when I
took it I didn't really know what Oberer
was about but it sounded cool around my
friend I like man about the order uber
but it turns out I didn't know [ __ ]
about who because I did not know it was
people who driving you in their all
personal vehicles do pick me up in a
smart car the whole ride he right here
the whole ride I couldn't even get in
the back seat my friends thought I was
hanging out with him when I got in the
car heard somebody say I bet he voted
for Trump I bet even I like cash this
boy driving he was following the rules
of the road come on the complete stopped
at stop signs the light turned yellow he
slowed down I'll sit next to him like
got it
[Applause]
like hands up to the cab from the south
side of Chicago to O'Hare Airport 15
minutes rush-hour traffic there was a
traffic jam he jumped on the L track
like don't worry about it I love this
schedule I'm sitting in the back like
right this [ __ ] over driving
talking to me the whole ride dude would
you make a phone call
[Applause]
[Music]
single people you guys here I'm not
gonna try to [ __ ] you like I'm just
asking thank you thank you
online dating who's doing it and nobody
wants to admit it like this is like
tinder central I know 50% of you guys
are like tender he'll cups 25% like
Craigslist it's alright man like tinder
that's cool I don't like match like
don't do it don't pay for the website it
sucks cuz like you'll see a cute face
you'll be like oh that's nice won't [ __ ]
it and then like you'll read the profile
you're like oh like check this one I'll
show it to you guys
cute girl I'll give her that cute girl
is a real profile on match.com where I'm
from
all right in her headline she says I
know what I want
well [ __ ] let's find out first of all
she's looking for dude in between the
heights of 6 foot and 6 foot 1 the [ __ ]
is then is that a mattress issue is that
the tallest dude that fits on a twin bed
is that the [ __ ] is that inch next line
I thought she was cool she's like job no
for reference I'm like okay my time till
the line after that you got to make over
$100,000 so she doesn't give a [ __ ] what
you do just make $100,000 and she'll
bang you education no preference you can
be dumb as [ __ ] just make $100,000 and
she'll bang you
language no preference you don't even
need to speak English just make $100,000
and she'll bang you ethnicity she's into
no there's a preference and it's Latino
Hispanic Asian Middle Eastern Native
American Pacific Islander and a white
and Caucasian all right just say you
hate black people
you're already saying it just have your
screen name be cute racist xoxo so
according to this chicks parameters
she's cool dating a six foot tall
Cambodian drug dealer but not Michael
Jordan [ __ ] match.com man
guy with the sweet comb-over haircut
what do you do you go to comedy what is
this [ __ ] night in the crowd does
anyone have a job or is it just
professional smart-aleck night here it
is okay to just be a person with a job
although you've got the haircut to just
be the dude that goes to comedy clubs is
this your boyfriend your buddy what's
the story just the buddy you guys are
sitting closest [ __ ] just so you know
guys I'm just saying the creepy guy at
least got a seat by himself this dude
he's just leaning towards the asian girl
like hell yeah thank god she's an Asian
girl am I the only one when you get on a
plane and you're waiting to see who's
sitting next to you when you see the
tiny asian girl you're like please let
her sit next to me please Asian girl sit
next to me it never works out that way
though
it's always the fat lady having the baby
on the blanket what's up the three dudes
up here how we doing [ __ ] yeah bro time
bro time Jaeger a day brave hell yeah I
just sense that it's I get like a
psychic power and I can sense it coming
from over here what's the story are you
guys three different races by the way
because this is multicultural friendship
and if we can get an Indian girl then we
could make Captain Planet I'm pretty
sure
how did this happen did you guys get
cast as friends on a Nickelodeon show
this give me a black eye a white guy in
an etc whatever you want for the period
nothing personal it's just they need a
black guy and a white guy than whatever
else fits all right so what's the story
how do you guys know each other drugs oh
yeah
finally some [ __ ] honesty from the
crowd we do drugs together it's pretty
awesome he's wearing a hundred Thompson
t-shirt holy [ __ ] this is awesome why do
you hate your dad let's start there
let's figure out get to the roots all
right and black guy what are you doing
hanging out with the white guy with the
[ __ ] big boy haircut looks like he's
dishing out hamburgers in 1950 are you
guys all straight all straight where are
the ladies over there you just pointed
at one random girl that's with another
dude by the way you look like Andy
Pettitte if you were a tweezer just so
you know do you know that girl were you
just pointing over there oh she came
with you okay what do you think of the
crew yeah it's not a good sign
asian girls are usually polite she just
went yeah sorry
not cool how long have you guys been a
couple okay couldn't ballpark it even
listen you guys you're not even
discussing yet whether you're something
you're still just having fun you're in
that same level that this dude and that
dude are in right now just talking we're
not anything serious we woke up one time
cocked a [ __ ] and a Chinese finger trap
one time
that's just kinda gay until you want to
get out and then you got to push it in
and the headstock and then it's for gay
that point full-blown gay
remember a couple years ago Tim Tebow
had a Super Bowl commercial yeah he had
a he had a pro-life ad and ad before it
ran everybody's like what's Tim Tebow
going to say about abortion and I had a
slightly different reaction I was like
who cares what Tim Tebow has to say
about abortion he's the quarterback to
the University of Florida's and who a
young lady consults about abortion has
that ever happened once in human history
should I keep my baby
what would a quarterback do in the
situation probably get a girl pregnant
after you get an abortion he's what a
quarterback do but the ad said that if
Tim Tebow had been aborted he never
would want a Heisman Trophy and that
part I agree with how do you argue with
that at least would have been difficult
I mean I don't I don't think ever weird
[ __ ] happens in sports all the time
maybe one day an aborted fetus will win
the Heisman maybe that will happen we'd
all root for the fetus it'd be the
ultimate underdog story like who would
not root for the feet are you kidding me
Michigan to root for Ohio State
go fetus it'd be exciting right he's got
such a great arm the other ones like the
wool half up but that was so good the ad
said that because he won the Heisman it
was a good decision he wasn't aborted
not because he grew up to be a good
person what does that matter right now
because he grew up to have a loving
family so not important because he grew
up to win the Heisman Trophy that made a
good decision it wasn't aborted here's
my problem Todd you know what else well
not husband Oh Jay Simpson yeah so why
do we wait like 30 years because he
aborted to other people and
at most it's a one-for-one trade someone
allegedly yeah we're still unsure yeah I
don't know what you said but it was that
was what you said we're going to kill
him dead for a long time no hold on a
second I want to explore the idea of
killing someone dead for a short time
I'm uh what keep him dead for a long
time again Oh keep him there for a long
time that is what you said I will accept
that that is what you said that is not
what you said so they're gonna keep him
there for a long time no I appreciate it
because I was on this like real
political rant and everyone in this room
was like how long they gonna keep a bit
of form there for a long time never in
the rooms like oh thank you now we close
with comedy Gallagher's I was just so
[ __ ] curious how long they were going
to keep him I couldn't concentrate on
any of this until I found out exactly
how long they were deeper exactly how
long a long time Oh wondering if it was
a short time or a medium time or a very
long time but no it's just a long time
just two solid unit of measurement my
point is don't [ __ ] yell out so I
glad you were with me on that one that's
a tough job to do I told that joke in
Hays Kansas I'd have had better luck
performing an actual abortion on stage
than John
I know I'm splitting the crowd a bit I'm
aware of that but red white and blue
okay
that is this whole roses yelling weird
[ __ ] I don't know what's happening
there's a red light blue for a long time
over a short time but no I'm sure it
does make sense to you but it's not your
turn so I don't mean to be mean but like
that's how Comedy Works so you guys can
have all the thoughts you want and have
all the thoughts you [ __ ] hold on to
those thoughts the damn for the show you
release the thoughts in a while but for
now just it's a [ __ ] monologue all
right I know me you're right red white
and blue he'll be there for a long time
you guys are so rare I like peanut
butter do you swim I don't know what the
[ __ ] is going on
so let me go to a nice easy subject that
can bridge the gap that can bring
everybody together gay marriage so
I wanna make that clear you guys are
such stars I am NOT I'm chubby I'm
afraid to fly that's how I would shave I
am now fights to get on an airplane
trying to be first on the plane not me
you know what I try to do I try to be
the last guy on the plane because I
think how much cooler is that but being
the first guy third soon there in first
class waiting sipping his little but
most to do with sodoku instead of 30
minutes later I walk on I'm like hey
thanks for a cheap but double pilot Matt
ice but it's arrived the other problem
is when you're the last person on the
plane everybody stares at you and I know
you're still filming me this shirt is
slimming isn't it I'll let you know the
secret daddy hasn't missed any meals
I'm 6 4 2 55 I am what the military
calls us ki
and when you walk down the aisle they
sighs everybody who has an empty seat
next to them looks at you the same way I
see this scene where where I'm supposed
to sit and the two guys in my row I'm
the petite one
these guys looked like they had me for
breakfast with butter they're gonna
knock this down and now we're all
created we're pulling our shoulders
together cuz you know big guys if we
touch like butter
it's intermarry it's gross and to
rescind that bullying in that we
calculate between the three of us
there's an exit row but B comes with
great responsibility and the flight
attendant comes up are you willing and
able to help in the event of an
emergency like take it very seriously
like you do your responsibilities and I
say yes what's with the tone and I go
I'm just I'm looking at the window and
it looks a little small I'm not sure
I'll fit the guy next to me who's 6-7
351 goes don't worry Oh
[Applause]
these flights gonna go down and an Olaf
useless gonna fill the flames and smoke
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
two years I've been married I also don't
trust I don't trust her uh I'll explain
who's man here merry round applause man
how long
38 let me ask you for 30 years two years
I don't trust her um at what point does
she at what point does she fart in front
of you after the SEC good for you good
for you hold on to her two years I
haven't heard her smell the thing it
makes me nervous
I feel like she's building up like
Krakatoa and one day just gonna explode
all over the walls I don't trust it
ladies I don't know why you do this just
let it out we will love you so much more
let it out
ready trust me on this next time your
man leaves the room if you haven't done
it yet he leaves the room he comes back
and just go baby baby make a gun and
shoot him real quick to plant he's not
gonna be mad he's gonna laugh his ass
off and then probably shoot you right
back all right all right there you go
soulmates wait forever I think every guy
does but I still do the solemn ones
gonna respect her right coz guys know
what the silent ones you have a 50/50
shot it's not gonna smell I'm not saying
it's foolproof or those are good odds I
got caught the other day we're driving I
let a solid one I was like I was I could
be bad I smell there's like aa divorce
then I got caught we were driving were
in the middle of words I had nothing to
blame it on you don't say hip fellas
you've been driving your loved one now
she's like what's this smell you go on
that factory right there that's they
probably produce poop and that factory
right there ruin the woods I had nothing
I painted cuz I thought I was gonna fix
I tried to smell it all before she
smelled it I like oh she was like what
are you doing like my allergies she was
like yeah allergy smell like diarrhea
get that check that that's it's not good
please welcome ben morrison everybody
yeah
and it's not like 2009 was a good year
for any of us was it my credit score
don't if you know what your credit score
is don't [ __ ] check
credit scores and stds don't check them
ever ever
it's better not to know because i
checked my credit score and it's it's my
credit score is uh
no
have a visa clay
i just i really hate money which is
weird because i'm a jew
jews aren't really good at dispelling
the stereotype that
all they care about is money because
like
the candy we give our kids is [ __ ]
gold money
he's like i don't understand why people
say jews love money yeah eat some money
i'm like
you might want to think about that dude
i was i i am jewish because my mom's
jewish
you know but you know but that means i'm
jewish by blood i think that's how that
works right
if your mom's jewish it's you have jew
in your blood like i'd
i test positive for jewism i think
that's
like says here you've been chosen and uh
i don't but i wasn't raped i just i
don't i never went to temple i mean the
[ __ ] that
i mean why am i talking some jewish way
i don't even know uh but i was in
amsterdam
and i had this weird compulsion to go
see the anne frank house
so i guess i'm a jew and i went to go
see the anne frank house but i actually
couldn't find it so
good for her really that's
where are the other jews are there any
other jews in the audience why are you
guys so nervous serious why are you so
nervous
i thought i asked that question pretty
nicely didn't i
wasn't like i said well also true
it's exciting a lot of lies we're told
you guys are aware of home you know try
to keep us under control what's the one
the big ones we hear is each of us we're
told in the course of our lives while
we're sleeping on average we swallow
eight spiders yeah I call [ __ ]
there's no way that's true we all know
that's not true in our heart of hearts
we know that's not true you know how I
know that's not true cuz here's
everybody here how we would react if we
were sleeping and a [ __ ] spider
entered our mouths everybody here they
wouldn't sleep for one year so we could
build some kind of a spider damn thing
kind of a spider blockade system we
would not sleep until that glorious day
also how is it possible anybody would
know we swallowed that many spiders is
that somebody's life research
I'm just gonna watch you sleep every
night for one goal in mind
spider mouth entry I'm just gonna buy a
legal pad and a marker and wait it's
waiting to make a [ __ ] dash mark
hoping one day soon you get to be the
Zorro sleep research spider studies and
go get that five nice and strong and
what happens 30 years go by
no [ __ ] spiders into your mouth of
course they would not your whole life's
work depends on this obviously you would
feed some spiders into that room let's
say you didn't do that so you weren't a
corrupt guy I see you waited 30 years
finally won a spider enters this guy's
room miraculously walked toward him
it goes on his chest on his neck crawls
up his chin you're gonna let it happen
you're just gonna sit back and let it
happen so you can make a tick mark on
your [ __ ] research paper you selfish
scientist [ __ ] and the biggest
reason how we all know we don't we
aren't swallowing spiders if it was so
true we're spoiling so many spiders how
come nobody here has ever pooped web and
I could drop the mic on that you know
what I mean it's obvious it's obvious
it's not true I can tell what you guys
are thinking you think I'm having fun
but when is he going to talk about
Afghanistan sure okay
I can do that that's no problem
our war in Afghanistan just ended like
yesterday officially but I don't
understand why we're in the word its
whole time nobody knows nobody nowhere
even Obama does not know why we're in
this war you can tell three times we
spoke about it publicly be like I'm both
sides and they'd always be like oh this
is war against violent extremism oh that
we will win and we must win unless it
takes longer than 18 months then we're
out unless they need us we're happy to
stay
let's take don't want us ready to go if
they don't want us and do need us I will
flip a coin maybe that's what he meant
by he will bring change on the flip side
of that however people are also too hard
on Obama keep on the Tea Party always
drawing Hitler mustaches on his posters
I think they're misremembering Hitler's
agenda a little bit Brandie sure
Hitler's big plan was not healthcare for
everybody I think it was the exact
opposite of that
I'm Begley thank you very much now
you dress very well for a comma thank
you thank thank you I how do you learn
how to do that how do I learn how to
dress well yeah like as as well tip one
for you Seema probably encourage you
subletting your wife dressing now that's
my only shot actually really that's like
my only how do I do it I don't know I
have [ __ ] eyes and I see things I
like and I'm like ain't noted I just
it's for utterly nice but don't but
happy you are not allowed to laugh right
now
there are a lot of guys right here be
like this is so if I were to do that
that's how I would do it I just like
what I like and I put a little money in
the clothing and I try to look nice and
then wear different things you know
smart that sounds like a plan yeah I
wear the clothes and then I enjoy it and
I wear them it seems so simple when you
explain it that way when I break it down
like that yeah okay so so I know this
bag I found this out from when you did
my podcast yeah uh so you went to
Beverly High School right yes Beverly
Hills High School Beverly Hills High
School and you were a DJ there a radio
DJ I had a radio talk show you know
radio songs now I'm just trying I'm
trying to make you David silver I was
they would silver pretty much yeah yeah
only my friend didn't I shoot himself in
season one do you remember that that was
so sad that was like they're really I
think it was seat was it season one or
two I thought it was like the beginning
or two who's a burn off season one
nobody wanted him around anymore that's
why I thought it was the beginning
season two where they're just like [ __ ]
it we'll just shoot this guy might have
been I think he came back from the side
I want to argue with you here no here's
what I remember he came back from the
summer and he like went to his friends
in Oklahoma yeah and I remember this
because as a kid that was my only
impression of Oklahoma yeah that was
like oh you go there and then you shoot
yourself in the face which by the way
having toured Oklahoma not so far off
just for different reasons mainly for
boredom so uh so I met you here
a little over ten years ago a factory
factory of laughs yeah are you feeling
nostalgic tonight nope
no I mean you just brought that up now
I'm not gonna feel instant nostalgia the
second you say that we met ten years ago
oh yeah I'm just not a puppy dog I'm
trying to be human
no ideas you're very well-dressed puppy
dog thank you so much you're welcome I
see observe and I'm like yeah tragedy no
it's nice it's live no you very long
time yeah I know you know full full
circle yeah really just a show no it's
beautiful you've got your own one time
talk show up here on the stage that's a
nice fun one hahaha honestly it's an
honor for me to be here yeah very
exciting no don't be more it's a big hit
you guys enjoyed the show yeah
I got my my medical marijuana license
recently wow that is an aggressive
response to that
do you have one yeah I got my I didn't
get it believe it or not I didn't get it
from me I got it because my grandmother
in New York has really awful arthritis
right so like I bye-bye that is the
international symbol for arthritis just
like a claims Eagle Claw she's got
really bad arthritis oh so I buy these
I bought these pot brownies and these
pot cookies and these pot Jolly Ranchers
and I like put them in the mail and I
send them to her into New York which
technically makes me a drug dealer
my first ones free Nana you got any more
you better start knitting but to get
your poly since you have to go to an
actual doctor in LA who give these
prescriptions out right but they're
always these like super shady doctors
who do this and I went to a Russian
medical clinic in my neighborhood to get
mine and the reason I knew it was a
Russian medical clinic is because I [ __ ]
you not the name of the place was
medical russian clinic medic yeah why
not like the guy went into the sign
store with a bag full of medical terms
and was like okay let's see what come
out the bag medical great Russian fine
clinic great mythic make the site
so I go to the mega Russian clinic medic
and I went up to the receptionist who
was like the superhot Russian lady but
she was like immigrant hot here I mean
you're like beautiful face but like when
she smiled her teeth it looked like a
firecracker went off in her mouth they
were just like like oh I look like when
our mouth was closed her teeth were
playing right like every night one two
three and then they open and it is froze
wherever they were like wow I had that
molar get to the front Svetlana that is
something so I got my license now my
grandmother is getting a she's getting
stoned morning afternoon night she loves
it she's a huge potted we're going to
Coachella it's gonna be great but it's
very illegal what I'm doing it's illegal
to take drugs and send it across state
lines and there's a chance that I can go
to jail but I think at the very least
you know the conversations will be
amusing you know like what are you in
for armed robbery what I you murder how
about you baked goods you know brownies
Blondie's Jolly Ranchers all that fun
stuff
hey guys so do I have to actually drop
the soap or is that just a formality at
this point
if you had a bar on you order more than
one great goose are you now ordering
great Jesus [ __ ] wouldn't serve me one
night okay yeah let me get five great
gifts of this allistic goose this is
[ __ ] it let me get a flock of vodka are
you supposed to take grace over
leftovers if I prayed only when I first
cooked it and I'm not petty like that to
keep bothering Jesus for no reason
excuse me Lord me with these chicken
wings again I was wondering I get a
warm-up let's go my mother she a
Christian she like yes you are vegan
candy you better say you're great I'm
like I'm upset grace over those Snickers
or no [ __ ] like that
she's like you got to pray over anything
that you put in your mouth and I'm like
anything no it's a mood killer
yeah you like that yeah whoo your legs
lord thank you for this beautiful board
holder life
thank you put opportunity I get the fool
I hate when I hit would people be while
he's have a job yeah nice to be
nine-to-five in it and hey when I hear
my wife co-workers throw the word ghetto
around for no reason she was annoying
oh my god this fax machine machine I do
now read the post-it note that says
please dial nine but force it in the fax
you're a literacy rate is ghetto right
now not this fax machine right I'm tell
you what's ghetto is if you find a roach
and a mousetrap get up and [ __ ] up
sort of most ghetto [ __ ] ever like
ghetto Superbowl it's back home in
Chicago driving down the street and I
know you've seen it if you dab it in a
major city we see somebody said on black
art on the side of a van or some throw
rugs my stuffed animals a [ __ ] you've
seen that everywhere right so black art
goes from like a picture of real in
shape black couple with six-pack abs and
had froze with eye contact about the
[ __ ] that's black art or many faces of
Michael Jackson black art the Obama
family a panther etc
but one painting that I almost crashed
my car trying to get my father to take a
picture of kazoos like the ghetto world
series of all time was this dude who was
on Saturday Rosalyn all the classics of
black art the one painting he had he was
when a cell was a painting of Malcolm X
baptizing Tupac and a lake baptism I'm
not making this [ __ ] up you can't you
gotta live this right I might what the
[ __ ] is that right mouthing mix baptize
it to pop he was looking like that
Malcolm X's did like what is that Wow
right I could stop there with the get on
this
that wasn't the kennel part the ghetto
part was the dude selling the painting
had cornrow braids right but he had his
beard braided into his clothes was like
a little [ __ ] bonnet
yeah I'm also gonna be the next rap head
you got a handy they got about it
let's go what I make it bounce to be a
hit it's gonna be a super nation no more
second pants there's a lot of megabytes
[Music]
you
I like being a foodie I hate the word
foodie isn't it pretentious I'm a foodie
it's so [ __ ] pretentious if you want
to see our pretend just the word foodie
is try explaining what it means to
someone from a third-world country like
I'm a foodie what does that mean okay
right uh I really really really like
food oh I also really really like food I
am also a foodie okay now you don't get
it like I go on like journeys and
excursions like just to find the best
food
oh no I walked like 50 miles a day just
to get food food okay still not getting
it it's like a whole socially conscious
lifestyle that I lead for example like I
only wear TOMS shoes
oh my god you're not going to believe
this I'm also wearing TOMS shoes they a
drop them in my village hey this is Dan
a dude at the Laugh Factory if you like
this video make sure to subscribe to our
Channel if you hated this video I'm sure
you'll comment underneath right now
I went on a date with a girl here in LA
that's difficult I know there's a lot of
differences between guys and girls but
I'm going to point out a pretty obvious
one okay so went out with this girl she
had a very fit body she was very
attractive and she came home and she
took some clothes off and I said to her
like she had a really good body and I
said to her well you got a much better
body than I thought you did I know
alright even as I said it I've like gone
you probably shouldn't have [ __ ] said
that cuz she's looked at me going oh you
thought I was fat didn't you and I went
oh no not at all I thought you had a
good body it turns out you have a better
body and I was just digging a hole so I
shut the [ __ ] up 20 minutes later we're
fooling around and she goes oh you have
an average-sized dick and I said [ __ ]
yeah
that is the difference between guys and
girls okay I said she had an awesome
body she cracked the shit's and thought
I called her fat she said I had an
average-sized dick and I was [ __ ]
thrilled about that because every guy in
this room knows there is two dick sizes
there's two small and there's average
and above you just want to be average
and above you don't give a [ __ ] I don't
even think guys with big dicks know they
got big dicks really cuz dicks fluctuate
in size that much you can never tell
what's going on like you girls might
think oh yeah goes in the order shrinks
a little bit no just for no reason your
dick looks like a completely different
person from day to day
you can you can never tell I've got out
of this yet how I caught a glimpse of
myself and gone holy [ __ ] that is the
best my dick has ever looked I gotta
take a picture or show my housemate or
something i Gary Gary come another look
at my dick it looks amazing
but of course no homo come on have a
look at it looks like it's going to prom
it's breathtaking
my whole everybody's married to clap
Americans marry clap you marry marry
people
hello since Sunday okay alright sweet
crispy crispy hello our hurts my new
hollow 34 years okay who's all gonna
lose all the Muslims before Islam man
who's lost 34 years that's it
hello
[Applause]
[Laughter]
long time ago that's like back doing
prohibition time waiter hello my baby
hello 220 so what was same thing same
things with you over half a century it's
great man still I would love to be
married I'm lying agree that marriage
that's like like bad PR the works gonna
say all I'm Eric friends there's never
any enthusiasm you know nice of my
brother man for a year and a half right
brother Greg Lake Rick ain't great hey
how's married life man good it's not
easy good let a hard work lot prayer
you know what mission fish you wait take
times my my sick time man
do not rush not rush and all machine man
the right person very important them
playing me right person you know I love
kids
suicide is real suicide is real well me
I need a girlfriend first you know I
mean like I'm at an age where I want a
girlfriend like right now you know like
immediately like at this very moment
best of the girls will project you for
bigs you can't control you know how tall
you are how much hair you got you know
how big your eyes are do that people cuz
reject you based on how uh your birthday
you know one girl said Jackson I can't
date you cuz you're Pisces so I can't
date you
you [ __ ] now I don't know what that is
I'm gonna date some on old custom custom
good reject you based on how big your
packages you know ladies ladies this is
a safe place
the race is Las Vegas ladies is there
any ladies ladies 54 but let me know
less seriously
doctor sir glasses glasses cool do girls
play be honest ladies the size really
matter that much shut up
it's what always here
they're always here they go Jackson it's
not the size of the boat it's the motion
of the ocean right right I think it's
the size of the ocean
enough ham on the bed please think about
it think about it hey yeah let's begin
the lake you put in oceans let's go you
put a kayak in the tub tight tight fit
right there
sometimes he is I think loose lips sink
ships
[Music]
I'm a risk taker I like to take risks
bring my own food in the movie theater
trying to stay lean trying to stay fit
yeah I am the other day I brought in a
steak and cheese sub and I was I was
opening it and those in the theater that
tinfoil made some noise and the woman
who worked there came to the edge of the
aisle and she was excuse me sir can't
bring your own food in the movie theater
and I looked her dead in the eyes and I
go I have diabetes she walked right away
I don't know anybody eating steak and
cheese to keep their insulin up but uh
do some investigating lady [ __ ] y'all I
like people I like to get involved with
them the other day I went to FedEx our
woman pull into a handicapped spot no
plate no tag nothing she just hopped out
like a gazelle just popped out and she
had a FedEx shirt on and then I was like
no not today let go
excuse me you're handicapped and she
goes uh yeah I am and quite frankly I
didn't like the way she said ah yeah
so I go how how are you handicapped a
little smirk on her face pulled up her
pant leg and she had like a metal leg
you know like a prosthetic and I was
like sometimes you gotta back away you
know you can't get you got a no your
place
I got into a car accident man you hit
another car doesn't have insurance
either you guys just look at each other
what you want to do big dog you will
just take off away all right man let me
just pick up my bumper if you don't have
insurance and you think the other person
might not have insurance just grab any
paper out of your car you flash your
like and sure have insurance I'm serious
don't worry about that George sticking
out but make sure you flash it right
because what time I flashed in the wrong
direction he read my jacket up box
machine yeah we sure do you want a
cheeseburger the worst it when you hit a
pie shop
that's a Mexican guy that's been here
three days he hits you as your father
back out this way and it's on you Miche
son of a gun you start speaking English
they get scared hey come on you have
insurance mijo take it easy take it si I
fixed your car right here mijo
I'll leave your car killer
well magine that's a Latino Seal of
Approval
white people the Holocaust white people
they're here I'm tired of people in a
detail but their ethnicity nationality I
don't give a [ __ ] what you are people
going to detail like I'm half German
quarter Irish part Navajo Indian key
wise just say why Iran truly they she's
like I'm half chinese and half Mexican
your Filipino just say Philippine why
people say racial should accidentally
that's gonna stop I had a photo shoot
for this heroine Kumar movie right
photographers white he kept saying Bobby
arm can be a bit more expression in your
eyes I'm like what the three two things
are you opening closed this is the happy
sad angry all back take the picture
before I close them
[Applause]
and just get nervous and races but up
I'm an American citizen you know I was
at a Starbucks this really happened this
old man commit to me and he goes are you
Korean I got scared I'm like yeah then
he goes I fought in the Korean War I
know what to say wanna say thank you you
know what came out of my mouth was me
too then he got mad I started
improvising that's my name me too
go over mindfully on Alexis's again
that's a big deal that's a big deal so I
have a little off my ear
I just went back into town and my ear
hasn't popped I landed on Spirit
Airlines it's the best if you haven't
flown it you gotta try it it is one step
above shipping yourself somewhere in a
box that's it the difference is the tape
you have to pay for the tape it's bad
but I am from Cleveland Ohio I love a
bargain $40 round-trip direct flight and
all I have to do is sit on the wing
that's a good deal sign me up yeah man I
love these guys a lot of comics make fun
of this airline it's fair you know about
a little different I'm invested I have
the Spirit Airlines MasterCard yeah and
of a VIP member of their mileage program
because I respect a business in 2019
that is terrible and could give a [ __ ]
about your opinion you gotta love that
right like they don't even advertise you
think they'll give a [ __ ] about your
yelp review my bags were pinched we'll
go [ __ ] yourself how about that you'll
be back right you get what you pay for
ladies and gentlemen that's right you
get what you pay for if you went to a
five-star restaurant
but whatever Mike if something you went
to a three-star restaurant like a clean
Applebee's
and you know was terrible you got every
right to be pissed off but if you go to
Little Caesars and half your pizza turns
out to be a nice cute what you do with
the book you were getting into it's five
dollars for an entire pizza it's been
sitting under a light bulb since Tuesday
Little Caesars we might be food Spirit
Airlines we're the best you could do
yeah we're seeing your sweat pants and
flip-flops get on the plane move move
yeah they're mean on that airline too I
walked up from Cleveland I walked onto
the walked out of the flatworm like my
my my Cleveland Brown sweatshirt and one
of the attendants looked me dead in the
eye and goes
Cleveland Browns looking heckled on my
own and they were attended Frank jumps
in she goes Cleveland Brown when is the
last time they were ago ladies and
gentlemen there are moments when
somebody burns you really bad and an
Alan later you think of it gorillas come
back you like you wish you were of
Senate and there were witnesses does
you're pretty sure your work toward a
set fire to cities this is not that
moment I was ready she said the last
thing I stopped in the aisle I pivoted I
looked her in the eyes and I said you
know you work for the Cleveland Browns
of Airlines right
it was the three dudes behind me were
like oh [ __ ] you're not gonna give me P
you know it's like we were never going
to get peanuts it doesn't never gonna
happen
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I always everybody look tremendous
absolutely fantastic enough to tell you
really really amazing group I'm so happy
that all of you here for my continuing
victory tour and rally all over the
country this is amazing
now my Secret Service detail and told me
there's over 5,000 people in here today
with 10,000 around the block waiting to
get in but the press the press terrible
people the press they're all right there
look at this scum you don't think it
Xavier to tell you dress 100 in a comedy
club lies like they could make news but
I'm so happy to be here and before I get
started are there any protesters today
ID protesters Trump people beat the [ __ ]
out of them I'll take a religious
believe me but I'm happy to be here at
the Laugh Factory I visited many many
factories over this bathroom and the
left factory is making more jokes
because of me that any other factory
which is tremendous so many I'm so
incredible I have to tell you I know I
want to thank Jamie for giving me my
five million dollar presidential
appearance fee which I'm not going to
keep I'm not going to keep it at a later
time which I'm very very which I I'm
going to donate it to my favorite
charity billionaires Without Borders it
makes it possible for billionaires and
high-end billionaires you see that are
very inclusive very person makes it
possible for billionaires and
millionaires to travel the world without
coming in contact with fat unattractive
or for people where people are
disgusting disgusting they've no money
terrible terrible
and I love California I love this state
I just don't like the people industry a
lot of bad hombres and nasty women -
didn't even get any nasty women here I
talk to them
alright let me listen I gotta figure
this out if there's you know I want to
do a quick poll will Frenchy real French
right we're friends right I know you
might favorite lesbians right there I
like it I love love love love is in
tremendous very credible so I love
oranges and do black you put a bunch of
lesbians in prison what do they do they
catfight they're such a treasure
but I want to do I want to just check
out something here buy a round of
applause
who here voted for Hillary Clinton
tremendous nobody bent down that's what
I like here that it's just about gonna
smoke we could I heard that all right
and I want to find out by a round of
applause who here is Mexican but you see
that press they love me they absolutely
love me say whatever they're going to
show that doors all right so let's get a
lot of a lot of talk about the wall the
border well I want to let you know here
in California we are going to build a
wall around Los Angeles and make the
Inland Empire papers
that place is a [ __ ] and they don't
deserve to be an empire now I am the
most presidential president in the
history of president
I love signing executive orders and I've
signed so bad if side over a hundred I
don't know what they are what they're
for but I just love the side things and
open up like that and I love signing
tweeting and saluting no one salutes
better than me nobody nobody salute
Remender salute tremendous Saluda and
also during one last day because I know
we have we were very limited on time and
I can speak for hours at a time believe
me believe me but tomorrow Saturday is
100 days in office and we are going to
repeal and replace Obamacare it's going
to go and we're going to replace it with
something terrific terrific it's going
to be terrific and it is going to be
Trump first aid kits they're going out
tomorrow 390 million of them everything
will be in that kipping you need to get
operate on yourself you can stop
diagnose you can operate on your
children it's going to be incredible and
for the first time ever you'll be able
to litigate against your disease you'll
be able to sue the flu thank you so much
hey I'm Mason and I'm a part of the
Laugh Factory production team I hope you
enjoyed this clip you did please give
this video a like subscribe above and
comment below and we'll be back at you
that's more comedy soon because this is
the last Factory
y'all don't clap for me I'm calling an
NBA commissioner y'all raises is [ __ ]
all y'all banned from the comedy laughed
at me for life well I can look at the
crowd until none of my people got the
email so I don't know how this gonna go
we're just gonna throw some jokes out I
don't know you
you are token I don't know your plan but
you up front to make me feel comfortable
you mix - you ain't even all the way
black hey now go away
so start you doing girl you got a smile
on you see you right now
all right that is all right ma'am my
name is finesse Mitchell I feel like I
gotta say that even though I've been on
a lot of shows I got to say that you
know some people don't know who they
came to see they just came out to a show
but I was talking to one girl in the
lobby for like 15 minutes and at the end
she said finesse Mitchell I just hope he
funny [ __ ] is me I'm gonna do
I'm the guy you came to see wasted 15
minutes of my damn life talking to you
yeah man I just got that from
Jacksonville ain't a lot going on in
Jacksonville I was trying to find [ __ ] -
I was on my little but I got a new
iPhone and I'm so addicted to the voice
recognition thing but it don't recognize
I guess my accent like titty bar maybe
that shitty bar I know titty bar shitty
bar no there are 15 shitty bars in your
area oh three of them are fairly close
to you okay
let's go to the damn shitty bar but now
I'm back here in LA all this stuff going
on with the Clippers and stuff how about
can't even turn any every channel got
Donald sterling and everybody owning I
turned to the Disney Channel and I saw
the NBA cookie I said Wow
History Channel's Donald sterling
he has been hating black people since
Jesus was hmm
I know his ass is that the game tonight
that man been going to that beautiful
goddamn what 20 plus years you think he
ain't up in that game that man is up in
that game he might be dressed like mrs.
Doubtfire but that [ __ ] is up in
that game
I love vodka that's my favorite liquor I
love it because you can mix it with
anything make it taste delicious and the
drink too much of it that's my favorite
part I get drunk like an eighteen year
old white girl gets drunk and that's how
I behave at the end of the night I'm
still the one standing outside of the
bar like
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I take them off because it hurts when I
walk in them
always wear flats when you're going to
go dancing that's what I say every time
never take my own advice because the
heels just make my calves look too good
[Music]
oh I like it again I don't be real - I
don't like it gasps I don't like it but
I might wanna do it like you know when
you know you shouldn't win no you should
go the night before to kick ass
but what everybody do go in the morning
time right before work you can hit the
snooze button like Billy tonight
you know you know it's worth me looking
at the gas station you guys know I hate
to see if the gas there's a pumping gas
but I gotta be somewhere on time I don't
want to sound racist but I hate to see
why people have to gasps cuz they got a
bad habit of doing things like building
up that gas tanks you see if I press it
up a gas pump you Bob will calm in the
work he's filling up and stuff to see a
young black man
I hate them I gotta go inside the gas
station that's the worst you go inside
the gas station comes to hide the gas
station if you like by moving the line -
you don't want them to hear how much
cash you put yarby stuck in the middle
you like give each other bags everybody
you can
[Laughter]
here I'll fill it up now
[Music]
I have to say it is difficult being a
stand-up comic nowadays and not at least
talking about the way Donald Trump looks
he's an odd-looking man forever I mean
he's got odd coloring for a human being
doesn't he
I'm pretty sure Donald Trump snorts Tang
[Applause]
just looks weird doesn't he look like
he's always just taking a bite out of a
lemon morena Sour Patch Kid right as
though everybody's wrong but me hot guy
and everyone talks about his hair we got
to talk about hair I figured it out I
know the deal with Donald Trump's hair
he has got a cotton candy machine in the
White House he's man I don't know where
he's not gonna get political I told it
but it's like I said it's weird not
talking about him and you know he says
some weird duh he says some weird [ __ ]
is that that's not news to anybody I
always amazed with this race stuff ila
I like the drink a little bit so
sometimes when I see him I'll just start
doing shots and so once he was going off
about some race thing and I was drinking
and I came up with a way to help end
racism if you're interested in my little
Theory here at the Laugh Factory tonight
on a Monday yeah about three people that
is encouraging everybody else like now
we're good leave it alone we're cool now
here's my little drunken theory if there
is a particular race that somebody is
not that happy with they should no
longer be allowed to eat from that
particular racist traditional cuisine
right oddly brilliant isn't it can't
they eat their food just saying if
you're gonna hate [ __ ] commit to it
cuz I don't think anyone hates enough
not to eat a taco make tacos delicious
you don't like Mexican American people
after you no more burritos no more salsa
no margaritas you are done you know like
white people no more Wonder Bread and
mayonnaise don't like Jewish people no
more Chinese food don't like black guys
no more chubby white chicks I am part of
the solution Lane gentlemen I'm about
peace and love I'm trying to perpetuate
positivity wherever I am I want everyone
happy and loving one another that's all
[Music]
I actually heard a song by Drake
yesterday today he's a little bit older
but in the song he goes my shirt ain't
got no stripes but I can make that [ __ ]
whistle that's insane
yo I'm 35 years old I've been [ __ ]
for 18 years I have never made one of
those things whistle before like a few
times they might have been like or
something like that right but it's never
whistled and look I know I know a few
things about the hip-hop industry like I
know Nicki Minaj will help write for
Drake sometime and Drake will help write
for Nicki but I will go to the grave
knowing for a fact that a man wrote that
lyric because that is the dumbest [ __ ]
that I've ever heard in my life right
cuz women don't say things like that's
like stuff do say like like sir what's
your name Tom right like if we were at a
bar and I wanted you to drink with me I
might be like yo Tom try shout at this
tequila man it'll knock your dick in the
dirt like women don't say things like
that you'll never hear women be like hey
Sarah try some of this kamikaze shot
it'll spread your [ __ ] wide open girl
yeah come on it'll turn your uterus
inside of him try some of this Mitch
it'll make you like take like what No yo
you guys would be great my name is Mitch
Berger thank you very much
I love Starbucks I do I freaking love it
it's fun over there you know it's fun
like when you give your order and
sometimes they ask for your name I like
to just look at them and go I'm Batman
because there's nothing better than
watching a brisk to stand there and be
like I have a latte for Batman and they
have to say it the actor it's great you
could give him any name you want you can
like this morning I gave him my Hebrew
name I was like I'll have a decaf latte
sure what's your name Eleazar Yakko Ben
[ __ ] she was like um do you have a
nickname or something well my friends
call me Jew bastard
I'm not writing that on the cup sir all
right fine then you could use my
American Indian name puts nothing in tip
jar minute later I hear one decaf latte
for a Jew bastard
I'm trying to have fun man I just had a
baby boy which is kind of cool little
baby boy hey wait wait wait no no no
stop [ __ ] up kids ugly and [ __ ] we met
while I'm gonna gotta raise a little
heels have I shut up
no that motherfucker's hideous man every
time I draw a picture of me people go oh
that is a nice phone so I know he's ugly
but his mother's ugly so that makes it
oh I'm the one ahead - [ __ ] that avatar
settle down
see I like ugly women all you pretty
women who need back with your prettiness
is pretty pretty pretty I want a hug
leech it you know what was a pretty
woman like that can leave you with a
ugly [ __ ] we'll hang in there as long a
bit tight oh my and the only time I ugly
woman gonna leave you is what he's
flying to the river to get you fish
water pizzas but you can check the ugly
[ __ ] you can't check no pretty woman try
to check a pretty woman look at all you
bring once again check on you know
walkers they'll check you back with the
previs and women knowing women you know
how about you use one finger like you're
doing magic who the [ __ ] do you think I
don't wanna do that
Oh drizzle drizzle trouble drum yes are
you what in the heck's like a [ __ ]
your door but when men get man we do
karate for some reason shot stop [ __ ]
stop and do we measure [ __ ] I'm
probably playing some please
when wrestling with this winners a
[ __ ] top-billed job
[Music]
my mom is on Facebook and she's ruining
my life I feel like if you are if you
didn't grow up with like social media or
the internet you should be allowed to
use it that's it
it's be a law in place that you're not
allowed to use it because my mom think
you don't old people don't understand
like social media then like my mom
thinks like my wall on Facebook it's her
private wall from me and her and no one
else sees it
my mom writes me reminders on my wall I
went out to dinner with her last week I
wasn't feeling well
I didn't eat much at dinner my mom
writes great singing with dinner tonight
- bedding and eat much because you had
diarrhea all day love you good night and
all my friends were like comedians they
see that [ __ ] they just pile on hey [ __ ]
boy how's your [ __ ]
bleeding anus question mark lol you know
I like to put status updates that just
for my mom I just wait to see how she
reacts to them and my favorite one is
feeling really depressed right now just
staring at the Brooklyn Bridge don't
know what I'm gonna do tonight dot dot
dot dot dot dot dot and then seven
seconds went by my mum wrote Jay I don't
like this joke but if this is a cry out
for help call me later before ten you
know I go to sleep early
but I don't like this joke and then she
clicked like I don't understand that it
makes no sense whatsoever and she takes
pictures and puts it on Facebook but not
how any of us do it she goes to the
Facebook app takes the picture and
presses upload without looking at the
picture you ladies just freak the [ __ ]
out right you ladies think pictures
before you put it online you got to make
sure it's the right Instagram filter you
got to make sure your hands on your hips
you're looking at skinniest you got to
make sure no one's photobombing you're
doing cocaine in the background and then
you throw that [ __ ] on Facebook my mom
just snap upload and last year I woke up
to this picture it was a picture of my
parents dog sitting there and an Eli
Manning Jersey except behind the dog
it's my dad in the bathroom taking a
[ __ ] on Facebook
[Applause]
most of serving part of Adelaide that's
smiling in a picture okay so looks like
the picture is meant to be taken said
that goofy should smile or is it and I
call my mom I was like hey mom I saw the
picture you put on Facebook and she's
like how adorable does the dog look in
the New York Giants Jersey and I'm like
how adorable those dad's [ __ ] and balls
looking to Facebook huh my mom you got
to take this picture down she's like
hold up I got 37 likes and 19 comments
and that's the most I've ever gotten on
Facebook so that picture stays up yeah
so then I had to report my mom to
Facebook and I got her account flag for
pornography that [ __ ] can [ __ ] with my
social networking I don't have sad
[Music]
then the Kardashians come along holy
[ __ ] goddamn these women are just
destroying every man in their path okay
holy [ __ ] that's a weird brand of
feminism you just destroy all the men
how did that go down hot Ray J was a
budding pop star gone right Reggie Bush
won a Heisman Trophy NFL career gone
just terrible athlete once you got to
the NFL Kris Humphries I don't know he
wasn't really that good anyway but
whatever her Lamar Odom used to be a
upstanding citizen now you can barely
stand up
that's what the [ __ ] happened ahem Kanye
West in rehab twice already dyed his
hair blonde I'm gonna tell you a secret
all you white people never trust a black
man with blond hair okay he's got bad
decisions every [ __ ] time I've never
heard a black through a blonde hair core
with a good idea like let's go to
Harvard that's never happened ever soon
to be going on these woman has [ __ ] up
the lives of more black men than
straggle police department okay [ __ ] is
going on even Bruce was like [ __ ] I'm
joining your team okay I whatever
whatever what are you doing you got
booze and dark hair I'm in I want that
game what's going on how can I join this
was a sixteen hundreds we'd have drown
that whole family by now and here's the
deal I'm not saying witches are real I'm
not saying it was cool for men to drown
women who were just acting a little off
because they thought they're witches I'm
just saying if the Kardashians were
alive in the 1600s we were to watch each
of them take their last breath and
cheered the whole [ __ ] time okay
what's the party people
i'm comedian Ron gene you think that
videos the lyrics feel free to like
share and comment on the video below or
you can see us live at Hollywood Long
Beach Reno and Vegas don't block your
blessing oh yeah
let's talk about topical humor guys how
about that Steve Irwin you know would
you say he was the Anna Nicole Smith of
crocodile hunting what do you think why
did God take Anna Nicole because he
needed another fake titted Waffle House
waitress in heaven
that's why Steve Irwin was murdered
you're right pothead he was I might be a
conspiracy theorist the crocodiles put a
hit out on him using the Stingray or as
I call it the Puerto Rican of the sea
with his switch plate like tail and oh
[ __ ] do I gotta put into the fine bucket
we're with a dolphin to that day where
were they honey I don't know laughing
smiling teaching retards how to swim
they're out there they were like cousins
we're always there in the good times
whenever they're in the bad times
same thing if you hear bless his heart
if you hear somebody say bless his heart
they're about to talk some [ __ ] and it
will be the worst thing you've ever
heard bless his heart but he is a
pedophile he's a racist pedophile and
he's got a clubfoot but I love it it's
like you get you can say whatever you
want man
and then just erase it with a god forbid
you know it well if I'm gold a me got
hit by train and he lost both of his
legs we had to push him around on
skateboards the rest of his life god
forbid the hell did you come up with it
yeah you ever hear this one time heals
all wounds
I think that's [ __ ] what if you get
smashed in the head with a clock I found
a loophole
you
but yeah the will is one of those things
you only do once in life one time and
then that's it just get through it and
done bingo there's a few things like
that in life I guess that you only do
once tequila hangover one time one time
being fooled by a transsexual one time
potty-trained one time potty-trained
being fooled by transvestite twice twice
yeah you gotta have the will because you
don't know what's gonna happen you
really don't I used to be afraid that I
would I would get eaten by a shark
that's how I was gonna go I was such a
fear of sharks I was always worried when
I'm in the ocean and now you know what
I'm afraid of chimpanzees because you're
always reading about this chimpanzee
attacks and it's horrific isn't it I
mean they rip them your face off then
they go for the crotch yeah I heard they
gripped it go for the jaw they ripped
that off so you can't bite them and then
they go for the testicles I guess so you
can't rape them I guess I don't know I
don't know what they're thinking and and
it's not pretty cuz they're screaming
you know how they scream when they're
gonna find their teeth are showing and
you're screaming they're screaming so
when somebody comes on the scene they
don't know who started it you know
decide with so now when I go swimming in
the ocean I have to watch out for sharks
and chimpanzees so you don't want to be
too close to the shore where the chimp
could reach in and get you and you don't
want to be too far out with the shark
will get you or worse yet further out
where the Somalian pirates can get you
it's almost not like worth going in the
ocean if you ask me but yeah at least
where the shark is dignified they plea
under it's quiet you're gone
hey where's Kevin I think he was up at
the snack bar I saw him I think I saw
him up there if friends don't know it's
easier for them that way but with the
chimpanzee they come up behind you
usually I like a little tricycle with a
horn they sneak up and you know but
that's not humiliating not then they get
you they rip your face up in the crotch
and then they fling their feces at you
which could infect the cuts on the face
you know or your genital this crotch
area
Happy Holidays Happy Hanukkah happy
Kwanzaa Feliz Navidad did I cover at all
no what's listen I said Merry Christmas
I said happy holidays Christmas gone
happy police not be done that covers
everybody I just got back from Mexico
y'all haven't been there Devon saying
that [ __ ] all week man
you haven't been hurry up and go but
because I think they're closing they
haven't gone out of country cell last
week it's selling everything I did on my
Christmas shopping in Mexico I got
$1,000 river [ __ ] for $50 I got [ __ ]
that don't look good no place but Mexico
you get home me like a monkey on a
surfboard what the [ __ ] I think
that's gonna be a gift
I like Mexico I do [ __ ] there I can't do
anywhere I went scuba diving in Mexico
and I can't swim but they qualified me
in Mexico I'm a certified diver going
back for my pilot license next week
thinking about trying some surgery I'm
gonna be all I can be in Mexico before
they close get my certificates I went
scuba diver only lessons they gave me
they saying y'all stick your head under
water I did that for like ten seconds I
came up he said can you breeze in yo am
i yeah we're gonna dive today I'm back
today Senor and I've been drinking
tequila thought I said we gonna die
today
a brother Scoob with that fish couldn't
believe I was down there fish swimming
up to me all confused
I saw a shark
he didn't even [ __ ] with me you know he
was thinking this gotta be a setup
somebody got a harpoon somewhere I think
this is how we lost charlie I get
adventurous when I go to Mexico cuz you
gotta live on the edge you know I went
to a sushi bar yeah I did Jose's sushi
actually it was pretty good start out
with chips and salsa everything it makes
it gonna start with chips and salsa I
went to court in Mexico they started
with chips
and south
you
Thanksgiving happy Thanksgiving you guys
see goes black see black people think
see black Asian Latino we think we don't
know was they had a hard white people
had a heart I feel sorry for the
pilgrims when they first got here that
was easy
they got a buckle on the hat
come on that's hard times you gotta
tighten your bed
come on the buckles right here it's
giant look at a headache they just
tighten the buckle you kidding me okay
I feel sorry for them can you imagine
that the first pilgrim to talk to the
Native Americans man that was hard man
see him getting all the little boat
we sure are about to get that one why
people are smart though they they got
weapons technology they brought a cannon
back next time Indians never heard a
cannon before so he didn't hurt him they
never heard it like ten thousand Indians
on a shore waiting one
Hato what the was that I don't know
jeepers we got one
miss build a casino
we live in an awesome place we live just
across town by Road you can miss reduce
tax that's where they collect the seeds
we live in a really awesome apartment
because I worked hard to find a
girlfriend that works harder than I do
she gives everything that she wants
she's willing to work hard for it no did
she got mad at me she was actually mad
at me earlier this week she was mad at
me cuz I'm immature with all the same
time I was mad at her she's not a Power
Ranger just a matter of you know
the things that we ever worked on for me
it's maturity for her it's high kicks
I'm really trying to say is no ring
until its mighty morphin time and I do
get though I did recently buy her a ring
and got a really big giant ring that way
whenever we fight we have a place where
you can wrestle the belt and everything
she is the chair yeah she's great we
love each other you know we smoke pot
that's the rule in the house we have to
smoke pot cause otherwise you'll find
out I'm not Matthew McConaughey we just
take the whole relationship once oh good
time you know all right all right all
right
that argument usually ends with her
telling me that I don't want to link it
I ride a skateboard you ride a
skateboard it's here more it's perfect
motive transportation we live on a hill
I can get anywhere I need to go except
home I do have a car though I actually
do have a badass car I Drive a 1970
Mercury Cougar xr7 yeah that's a badass
car I didn't know this when I bought it
but when you buy a badass car you're
automatically in the badass car club
when I Drive down the street in my
badass car and past somebody else in a
badass car they wave at me oh man I have
automatic respect it's just like if
you're on a motorcycle you pass somebody
else on a motorcycle boom there's the
wave automatic respect or if you're in a
Prius and you pass somebody up there you
get out and you suck each other's dicks
[Applause]
when you buy a Prius in Southern
California that gives you a sticker so
that you can drive in the carpool lane
alone do you know why they do that this
you're going to be alone we're saving
the world you want to save the world
move to a hill and my [ __ ] skateboard
[ __ ] why would you even want to be in
the carpool lane anyway [ __ ] the carpool
lane carpooling is exactly like a
relationship yeah you can't do it alone
there are heavy fines for giving in and
out with the long time and then once
you're in it you're sitting there
watching everybody else go past you and
you're thinking what the [ __ ] this is
supposed to be better somebody will get
that on the way home
[Music]
[Applause]
this room ain't got no damn diversity
even I'm not racist but I do think all
white people are ticklish cuz you know
I'm ninth and nine with ticket on white
people yo nine put nice 100% of nine
people that's [ __ ] ridiculous young
and I gives you like your big ass black
dude stop ticking on white folks but at
the same time I'm trying to change
stereotypes alright I'm tired of white
people seeing black people like oh snap
they gonna rob us I want white people to
see black people be like nakamise come
on the tickles [ __ ] them armpits up guys
cuz i'm where i'm wearing my video this
is i spent a lot of my free time
eavesdropping on white beware coffee
shops
she's only because I was a young
athletic black dude I get simple
conversation from white men sports cars
women basic [ __ ] right but if you've
ever heard two white people converse
amongst himself I'm talking about
insider trading stocks and bonds Flat
Earth theory extraterrestrial life all
that good [ __ ] I won't it and one time I
was eating right I'm pretty sure this
guy was giving the other guy the
financial keys to success he was like
what you want to do is get equity in
land that's gonna grow that's not a bad
count and then he saw me he said hey how
about that kawaii trade on go Clippers
and then he got right back into it he
said what you really wanna do is get
some investors you don't want to spend
any of the money each one we live off
the profits that's what a real fast and
then I heard that I came back to say
what the hell y'all talking about and he
was like Kawhi Leonard Madison now
before that back that up
he was like yeah back that ass up by
Ludacris right
and I was like Noah's juvenile but yeah
[Music]
so I had a good day today I remembered
my password to my credit card website on
the first try alright don't you guys get
excited when you nail it on the first
time yes because I feel like every day I
wake up but I'm like forget password
forget password forget password I hate
that [ __ ] because then you have to
answer the security questions what
third-grader is writing these security
questions
well they a little easy look every time
I'm on a date with a girl now and she's
like so what's the name of your first
pad like [ __ ] are you trying to reset
my password what's your mom's maiden
name well what the [ __ ] do you want to
know for what's your mom's maiden name
what's the street you grew up on no you
first okay
it sucks because I hate me new people
now I feel like I can't tell them
anything about myself you know cuz it
answers my security questions go out
there they're like hey when's your
birthday and I'm like I'm sorry I can't
tell you that well what city were you
born in can't tell you that either what
was your first car if you ask me one
more question I'm gonna have to lock you
out for 24 hours policy like why is the
security question so easy should it be
harder like like the security question
should be something only you know like I
think the security question should be
named the person you want to have sex
with the most of the same gender as you
right
hey cuz that's a secret right if you're
straight you got to think about for a
little bit like who should I put down on
this I'll play him down there we go
and then if someone hacks in your
account they probably won't even do
anything cuz they'll just want to call
you first right like hey man I was gonna
switch around your [ __ ] but uh you want
to have sex with a dude from duck
dynasty you got problems
I hate come up with a new password too
cuz the site always judges you on it
you're like how about this it's like wig
how about this wig [ __ ] you computer I
just like hit a bunch of keys it's like
strong please reenter like I don't know
the [ __ ] I am sometimes you do that you
do it on the phone - man I move so I had
to call my cable company and the latest
like sir you're gonna have to answer
your security question I was like I
don't remember setting it up what is it
she's like what is your favorite
restaurant
I don't know hooters she's like no I was
like oh PF Changs
Oh out back then it just got like more
and more embarrassing because I had to
admit to go these shitty ass places and
like the last year I was like a sizzler
jack-in-the-box some Asian place with
the play on words like 902 1fo or
something
it's raining ramen uh-uh
she's like sorry you can just tell me
your social security numbers like what
the [ __ ] Jews asked me that before I
don't want to tell you all that about me
benefit in the conversation I was like
wait hey before you go can you tell me
what my favorite restaurant is she's
like oh yeah you said uh Mickey D's nuts
and I was like ah [ __ ] shouldn't know me
better than that
that case-sensitive probably not
I've been thinking about like all these
dumbass infomercial products that people
buy that we don't really [ __ ] me cuz
I was watching infomercials at 3:30 in
the morning
don't judge me what I do with my free
time and like you know the slap shot cuz
nobody's risky to keep doing this [ __ ]
when you chopping up onions or shake
weight cuz no grown man should ever buy
a shake weight when you naturally
[ __ ] own a shake weight buddy's house
right and he had one of these products
I'm not gonna [ __ ] use it then I was
like [ __ ] we don't know about this so
allow me to say this is a big black guy
I recently used a squatty potty now if
you don't know what the squatty potty is
it is the footstool for your toilet and
that [ __ ] is [ __ ] glorious okay let
me tell you how happens you slide this
[ __ ] over you put your feet up and [ __ ]
just does what it's supposed to do like
nature intended it okay it is like a
frozen song you just let it go you ain't
got to hold on to the club or seat for
leverage oh [ __ ] it's beautiful and the
best part is your feet don't [ __ ]
fall asleep you don't say you don't have
beautiful that is to go to the bathroom
and your feet don't [ __ ] fall asleep
I know I'm not the only person in here
that takes these cell phone in the
bathroom go down my facebook rabbit hole
for thirty seven and a half minutes now
your feet numbers [ __ ] you get off the
toilet you walk around like a newborn
baby [ __ ] beer about ankles trying to
hold onto some [ __ ] so I use the [ __ ]
squat
oh he had another one that I was like
[ __ ] if we went down this infomercial
product rabbit hole
I'm here to use it and I use the bidet
now if you don't know what a bidet is
you need to get cultured in your [ __ ]
life all right a bidet is a water
fountain for your booty hole yes the
issue trickles like this it's an arc
okay and I wash my ass regularly but I
was like [ __ ] we here we don't do
this and here's problem I pressed the
button when I press the button the water
hit me and I was sounding out of my
mouth I made that I [ __ ] the [ __ ] man
all right I press the button the water
hit me I was like oh that's like why the
[ __ ] do I sound like the Pillsbury
Doughboy Junior Jesus the same right
maybe it's the wrong pressure set it
again hit me a little harder once I
don't [ __ ] I felt like taking the elbow
I hit puberty
was it cool so I was like you know what
let me compose myself press the button
the water hit my ass for 21 and a half
minutes okay it was a fourth-wall title
emotions I started seeing the stars
smooth mountains in the realest me an
epic day became within the relationship
got damn it we just make this [ __ ]
official teeth don't face but two
[ __ ] days ago when I'm telling
dollars for four payments of $19.99 you
can own yourself over squatty potty out
of a day all right
[Music]
the best time to kill somebody New
Year's Eve
if you're gonna kill somebody kill them
on New Year's Eve everybody's screaming
at the exact same moment so nobody would
know just stab a bit stabbing New Year's
Eve shooting fourth of July Halloween's
gonna fear a [ __ ] you want to rob
somebody's house we we took Halloween
from kids you remember what there's a
kid's holiday we just stole it from were
like sorry we're all gonna dress like
[ __ ] today so holiday no it's all sexy
everything's whatever the costume is the
girls board up sexy cops actually nurse
sexy gorilla but of Inazuma I went to a
Halloween party with a girl and she was
dressed like a sexy nurse and I was like
oh can we roleplay tonight but she's
know how to do it she was like you have
AIDS that's time
you know a man doesn't realize that when
he proposes to a woman he's transferring
his power oh yeah oh [ __ ]
it happened to you it's going to happen
don't change your mind based on this
coming
let's do it as soon as he says you marry
me everything I say will be wrong and
taken the wrong way I'm just a big
walking party machine good here you do
is a it's a two-way street
right girls because the moment your
finger goes through that engagement ring
it becomes the Lord of the Rings
you're so beautiful
I'm so happy
[Applause]
are you I'm happy in here
[Music]
there's certain Mexican families out
there when they break down they prefer
to call family members for roadside
assistance okay this is where the [ __ ]
starts no tow truck
no triple-a no OnStar you know what they
call one star that's who they call the
color cousin Juan he answers like one
star what's the matter
hey I got a flat tire call a family okay
help is on the way thanks for calling
hot start
we've all been through the [ __ ] you're
on the freeway and then it just stops
but we all do the same thing we look a
quarter mile up ahead on the shoulder we
start assessing the accident we try to
figure out what the hell's going on
for some people they have no idea it's a
Mexican family helping each other out
for some people it looks like a
multi-vehicle accident I always wonder
what the conversation is in the vehicle
for these people who have no idea so
Mexican family right these guys stop
like oh [ __ ] it's bad bro it's a bad one
dude Frank gets bad Frank and Italian
one two three four to six car accident
for a holy [ __ ] what happened to trucks
and four vans what the hell happened
it's like 43 people standing out there
the hell all those people come from why
is there only one guy fixing a flag
those other guys drinking beer wait a
minute that trucks not on fire that guys
cooking carne asada the back of it what
does that girl have her wedding dress on
they just bring the reception there they
don't give a [ __ ]
a lot of people are dicks online a lot
of people will do that they'll make fun
of something else to make themselves
feel better go on some video bill or
didn't work this video well if you've
ever done anything like that [ __ ] you
you're the worst person I didn't like
this free piece of art I had no
obligation watch well then watch
something else you're a shitty decision
maker like that [ __ ] that's on you you
just walk by a restaurant poke your head
in I'm not eating here you could've just
walked by didn't have to tell us we were
doing fine a second ago someone tweeted
in like one of my videos I like their
twitter issuu who they were
they had one follower it was like dude
you didn't need to tweet that you could
have just told someone why would you
waste your time and tweet anything with
one follower why do you even have a
Twitter account you should tell two
people really expand your base you know
get the word out just tell your parents
that's two people yes call your parents
just yell up the stairs you live with
them just yell up the stairs I would
love to have people's jobs in
parenthesis when they write stuff online
that'd be the great equalizer wouldn't
it would that be amazing because next
time two lawyers are having like a legal
disagreement and someone chimes in all
cocky correcting one of them it'll say
Brody footlocker ha ha Brody you can't
talk about this [ __ ] right now one of
these lawyers need someone a size 12 you
speak the [ __ ] up right now you let them
finish I know you're wearing a referee
shirt but that [ __ ] ain't real the
problem is that we engage crazy online
we ignore it in the real world that's
how crazy goes away you suffocated with
silence that crazy disappears the reason
there's so much crazy right now is
because we engage with it in the real
world like if someone were out there on
a street corner you know Hitler is God
you'd cross the [ __ ] street wouldn't
you but on Facebook you're like hear all
the reasons why you're wrong like why
would you talk to that person there
should be across the street button on
Facebook would not be sweet someone post
something stupid be like 31 people cross
the street at this pose
hey this is Steve Hofstetter here at the
world-famous Laugh Factory I wanted to
thank you for subscribe to this channel
and for sharing all these videos with
your friends if you want to see me and
five of my favorite comics you can do
that right here at the Laugh Factory in
Hollywood every Wednesday in Long Beach
every Thursday I'll see you there
it's hot today huh hey man Chicago's
shot just walk outside the floor just
sweating to the balmy 15 ages - look you
don't even want to live here anymore
this [ __ ] City the weather is gonna
warm up I promise you know Chicago in
the summer is pretty magical you know
they they got food festivals they got
concerts they got parents leaving their
kids in the back of hot cars like it's
going out of style it's got everything
every summer parents cannot get enough
of leaving their kids in fact hot cars
can't get enough and thank god there's
the internet you know and Facebook cuz
you find out little tips and tricks to
help you remember you have a [ __ ] kid
in the backseat of your car
little tips like take your left shoe off
throw the backseat
get out of the car huh
I was shoe on
there must be a kid in the backseat
[Applause]
that another little trick tie a rope to
the door handle can't get out
we can't seem to get out there must be a
kid in the backseat
puddle tip pull trick for all the
parents out there how about now just in
Vienna how about you just remember that
you have a [ __ ] kid your selfish
piece of [ __ ] what is going on in your
life when you can't remember the biggest
mistake you've ever made is right behind
you
[Music]
and the other day I found myself at a
Trader Joe's why because I love panic
attacks I can't get enough of them I
know about you but I love it I love
living on the edge and I'm not even
talking about the panic that's happening
in the parking lot I'm talking about the
zombie apocalypse it's always happening
inside and all hours of the day where
it's just like get the edamame so good
on this game kids get the car you know
it's just like calm down Debbie we're
all in this together
and I'm being followed by another song
another singer/songwriter an icon a
legend a Grammy Award winner and that
song bird is Enrique Iglesias that Latin
[ __ ] I don't know what it is about
Enrique Iglesias I don't know if he has
bad gas or if he's about to just vomit
everywhere but I'm buying sriracha cuz
I'm a badass and all of a sudden this
[ __ ] comes on and I lose it internally
my heartstrings me cortisone strings
we're just pulled at that very moment
all I hear is it you tense if I assume -
oh it's you son but never look now but
you - I'm fine I'm fine
for the would you love how tonight I'm
like what the hell is happening are you
choking Enrique are you choking on the
old mole that lived on your face
to necesito aqua swallow Enrique swallow
we want you to live bailamos live
so this is a really [ __ ] day ha people
yeah can you handle more day yeah I have
a word game okay so I have to ask you
people how many of you in here have be
honest huh had no idea you were coming
to a gay show today no okay so the two
girls and the boyfriends definitely knew
who you need to be worried right now
right you're totally gay
what's your Excuse well I don't wanna
wanna owe us okay well I'm glad sure I'm
glad you're here I just want to let you
what is your name I just went to every
straight person in here knows you're not
going to turn any of you you're not
going to turn gay from listening to any
of our acts tonight you're not going to
go home sir look down your pants and
suddenly find disco balls okay however
after my set every single one of you in
here is going to go home Asian the
Asians love it
but you know how you're going to know
Carlo like on your drive home oh yes I'm
going there agent yes I am
they're going to find this incredible
urge to drive 20 below the speed limit
your Rottweiler is going to look
delicious and there will be shrinkage ah
relax people I'm talking about the eyes
I'm talking about nothing like a nice
cold beer at 10 in the morning
hi I'm Emily and if you're jealous of my
beer mugs don't worry you have a chance
to win one as well
you just got to subscribe comment below
that you're subscribed and let us know a
funny original joke and you have a
chance to win this original Laugh
Factory beer mug you better be funny or
else you won't win ha
[Music]
I got kids now myself I don't even know
how many have I got three four or five
of them run around I can't keep them
straight they all want the same [ __ ]
they all look the same daddy can I have
a juice box I don't give a [ __ ] how
about juice box you think I give a [ __ ]
if you have a juice box I'm [ __ ] God
dam duk's buys a juice box
my wife's like easier easy on the juice
boxes it's not cracking a cup honey let
her have the goddamn mom's don't have
kids if you don't have kids - kids are
creepy you people have kids no don't
talk you ever wake up in the middle of
night your kid is just standing next to
the bed the light from the alarm clock
shining on a creepy little eyes - hell
she doin sizing me up for the trunk or
something I rolled over that hey Dad yes
Chuckie what is it
want to play a game yes I do I'm gonna
phone the police okay Damien I'll be
right back
hey what's up everybody this is Eric
Griffin you know me as Montez Walker
from workaholics no rules in my bedroom
and guess what I'm coming out with my
very first comedy album it's called
technical foul Volume one on the
fabulous record label side one gummy
number two Eric Griffin calm to get
details one of the Laugh Factory calm
everywhere you go there's some skinny
person rubbing it in your face this is
the off I was with my mom but to church
with my mom and that big Jesus was on
the cross and he's just rid of just just
Papa Papa he's up there show it all
sometimes we hit you with the head tilt
away Jesus is in shape but you can't
have a fat Jesus dad I mean fat Jesus
would change the whole story
I mean imagine you put 250 pounds on any
story it's gonna be different you know I
mean I mean imagine the logistics of
trying to get fat Jesus on the cross you
got to have a rope and pulley system
there trying to nail me slide down all
the miracles will be different he's
walking on water waist-deep of your Lord
the Last Supper be a buffet you know
even Judas would be at the buffet going
really Jesus that's a lot of ranch you
putting on that lamb
you know like when you go back home for
the holidays and like you you kick it
with your parents and you're like oh
that's what insanity is I don't want to
end up like that like I cannot end up
like these people
I like immigrants a lot of times that
they work is like they hold on to
secrets Bourne Legacy style and then
they'll debrief you like two decades
later and you're like dad you were a
ninja like they just carry this stuff
for decades I found out how I got here
this is how my dad met my mom so he
finally told me how it all went down so
30 years ago in this village in India
called le carré anyone here from Aligarh
that's what's up all the guy in the
house yeah it's an ugly girl audience
illega adi instead shops at Whole Foods
I know my audience I know my demo
so it's village and I figure my dad
heard a lot about this girl named Seema
like the 20-somethings we're talking
about Seema my mom like she was hot like
she was like a new iPhone people like Oh
Seema have you heard of her she's very
slim and slender her family owns a
camera what a camera like people
couldn't believe it I don't believe it
so my dad he was just like I got a move
on this right now he goes down to my
grandfather's house without ever seeing
my mom and he's just like what's up my
name's Naja me I'm going to America I
want to marry Seema
Yolo let's do this and in 10 minutes he
got married to a woman he had never seen
before like he was just cut from he's
cut from a different cloth because I'll
be on Amazon sometimes I'll see
something and be like I don't know I
don't trust it
I don't know if I should do this but he
was just like tick-tock let's go let's
spend the rest of my life with this
woman and that's how I BAM like that I
won the world lottery like I ended up
here cuz I yeah it's crazy like I'm very
grateful for being here cuz when I go
back and visit my cousins back in the
village I feel like the wrapper that
made it you know what I mean
I'm just like yo this how you guys live
what like I can't believe it I'm just
like yo when Hasan's here everybody eats
everybody eats Capri Suns on me gushers
on me through roll-ups you're welcome
like they're losing their mind over
stale Oreos they're like it's one cookie
but it's two I'm like I'm not even a
give you
Samoas you'll [ __ ] your pants I'm not
even going to give you a Girl Scout
cookie you have no idea what you're
about to get into with these Girl Scout
cookies
yeah I do starter I do starter I went I
go to uh I go to speech therapy and
regular therapy because I want my
problems to sound good and they are
they're so different though this is
those two therapies like it's the speech
therapy they only they only care about
the way you say things not the things
you say and then make you say some
pretty ridiculous things they give you
they give you a little alliteration a
hey anecdotes on note cards things that
things that you don't say in real life
for example if you're like my mother
milks my mushy marbles
and then and then and then you say it
and they're like that sounded good data
good I don't care man
then speech therapy it's it's elevator
there like drew that was that was
amazing
anytime you get stuck you you remember
that exercise okay so a few days later
as as I was going about my day oh I was
having a tough time say anything but
remember in my head like my mother
Milton my mushy mother but I was I was
in regular therapy
didn't didn't didn't quite get the same
reaction but my therapist was like what
was that is a sorry that that helps me
out he's like your mother milking your
marbles helps you out as I know no mushy
marbles you know daddy does downward dog
and dresses in drag
[Laughter]
he's like I got another one one your
exercises I was like nope we're back
we're back to talking I think thank
speech thank speech is uh I think
speeches helped a lot my stutter used to
be a lot worse like before I could
finish the sentence people would leave
they would walk away right in the in the
middle of me asking them if they'd
accepted Jesus and their heart
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
but I decided to become to do stand-up
and make jokes about it but I think now
because I do that people think it's
because people think it's fake because
of what I do you know it's only because
I do stand-up that people will think
that that that it's not real you know
like if I was if I was a professional
bull rider I don't think you'd give a
[ __ ] I don't I think if you like he's
chaining
he's turning talk to both sides I don't
know work like that it's only location
is everything baby
just cuz just cuz I'm on stage you see
you see someone in a wheelchair at the
mall you're like that that person's
disabled you see someone - no wheelchair
it Disneyland you're like that [ __ ] is
cutting
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
that is good to hit going to be here
tonight
happy Veterans Day get up to the
veterans
give it up for him show some goddamn
respects
I just got out of the service myself
just in 18 years of service customer
service hey man there's no business like
customer service business when you gotta
find arts major degree there's a lot
take forever there's no business like
customer service business I've attempted
suicide to get out of lungs now I could
work in customer service for 18 years
thank you so much thank you know now my
first job was at a video store what do
those words even mean that [ __ ] I'm the
oldest guy in the world but I think
everyone should have to work in customer
service for a little bit you know what I
mean
yeah get up in these fricking heroes you
better tip 110 percent I think everyone
should have to work in customer service
you know what I mean working in customer
service teaches you the most important
skill in the world I have that skill
that skill is that I can immediately
spot a piece of [ __ ] and I just showed
you right now it's anyone who orders
with their fingers pinch together like
this you were a dangerous psychopath and
you must be stopped
let me get so it always starts let me
yeah I want it yeah let me [ __ ] get I
want let me get a shut up almond shy
shut up
I know this isn't flattering right now
okay
I'm making a point almond shy dirty shut
up
I mean it's so filthy I'm a filthy jail
it'll baby I mean that prosciutto sliced
translucently thin you dumped deli
worker [ __ ] I'm wrapping it around
candle oh that's where I die my watch
did just say six months to live I don't
know if that's the right time I don't
know ooh
I gotta move you know Mom if you gonna
sit in the second goddamn room yeah I
laugh at my jokes
I'm paying you to be here [ __ ] unreal
unreal
[Music]
I'm glad I'm here to do a show back in
Cali now from the yoga and I've been out
here
I'm telling you Americans wow that did a
show in Waco Texas
anybody out at Waco Texas Oh your aunt
I'm glad to escape that's on the cliffs
Mac was built are you sure you want to
come you're like oh you look like your
baby I mean I mentioned from on stage in
Waco Texas exactly look like why I got a
trunk do jump out see what you saw the
travel ban old Honda sexy vibranium
underwear
it's like man shut up I like Trump this
we set a light Trump alaki
a lack of coffee speeches mine I will
keep hearing people say that puffy
sneaks of mine
[Applause]
[Music]
I can't point to you when I say that all
right whatever I don't care what you say
now I'm jelly man I was over here I was
doing shows or something
then I went over I actually did shows in
Iraq for the troops I did two tours in
that home but a call from America
Fallujah
you ready for this $45 a minute I love
my family but I call my son my yellow
camera what's up man it's a hot hot day
over here is like a Miss Honey Aaron
County - I might not mean Iraq it's 150
degrees every day the only place you see
birds walking that ha ha
and they got this thing called camel
spiders I'm not making this up
anybody ever heard of them it's a spider
as big as a pit bull puppy is this big
disrupt around I'm in my tent my cover
move I was like man asleep even today
people a manly man that's why he jumped
up all the girl in me take
[Applause]
no no I would say someone I was watching
the contestants I hope they you know
that is so cool I get it chance tomorrow
we will do that
[Music]
hello old people old people get weird
about food though don't take aren't they
worried about food they love food they
talk about lunch while they're eating
breakfast
Ronna [ __ ] we're a Christmas party my
house right we had a platter of cheese
and crackers set up right my grandmother
comes in she sees the cheese and
crackers this what she does ready she
goes borrow I might have a cracker
steeped it Nana the hell you doing
tippy-toeing for nobody gives it honey
woody afraid you're gonna wake them up
I'll Drive a whole box of Triscuits down
you shoot nobody will give us tomorrow
our generation doesn't do that dude I
might get another beer I'll be right
back
let me sit what's she afraid I'm gonna
call her on it or something sit down
Nana you see down honey crackers are
behind it to anyone
I don't really know that's right you
don't know cuz you're all cracked out
that's why I thought my Nana was going
crazy I thought she had the Tourette
syndrome but apparently she just bought
a dog and didn't tell me about it you
ever talk to somebody on the telephone
that has a pet but it sounds like they
have Tourette's syndrome you know anyway
Bobby on Friday I I like to play bridge
at the YWCA
what that down you put that down you
talking to me Nana not talking to you
Bobby I'm not talking you little Nana's
gonna kick the ass right over you are
you talking to me you better be home
between 10:00 and 12:00 thought barley
Hira try to buy health until you can pay
$600 a month and then your deductible
six dollars but you also have a copay of
80/20 and then it's $40 every time you
go to visit the doctor and then you
don't pay for your pharmaceuticals but
that's only if you have one arm it's
like impossible it's so [ __ ] up every
time they're like like I go I I have
healthcare I've had it for like 20 years
I've never used it ever ever I [ __ ]
buy it and never is like oh my god I
can't believe Obama changed our amazing
health care I can't believe you change
it oh give a [ __ ] I've never used it
anyway I care more that they changed the
charger on my iPhone that's enough
pissed off about nobody has I got a 5
now people who goes before like I can't
[ __ ] at a charge I all life is
strategically planned about where
chargers are I can't go there I gotta
get from this point to that point with
enough battery life I can't leave my
house unless I have a hundred percent
I'm like going into war I'm like I gotta
get some ammo got a [ __ ] charge off
because if I leave cuz I'm if I'm gonna
party and my battery goes below ten
percent I'm like I gotta get the [ __ ]
out of here
I don't know how to get home anymore
without [ __ ] Google Maps I don't know
how to go anywhere I you can take me
five miles from my house without my
phone dropped me off I wouldn't know
what the [ __ ] to do I would end up
living there it'd be like Survivor
thirty years later they'd find me look
why is that he's still here and he's
like he didn't have his iPhone and
wanna be black I think it'd be cool just
because then I could wear whatever the
[ __ ] I wanted to you know I mean black
like I get clown for what I wear these
shoes like nice [ __ ] dumb shoes bro I
want to be black man black people could
wear anything if I was walking down the
street I saw a black dude in full
camouflage gear sucking on a pacifier
with like fake wings on his shoulders
wearing wearing a safari hat with a
dildo sticking out of it well I would
not look at that dude at me like what
the [ __ ] is wrong with that [ __ ] I
would just be like oh I guess you know
some [ __ ] I don't know [ __ ] black
dudes they're the only race in a whole
world I can wear cartoons on their shirt
not only is that cool that's how the
hardcore gangster [ __ ] right a black to
roll up on you be like hey what up
[ __ ] a weed pot in the [ __ ]
y'all playa
ha ha [ __ ] y'all [ __ ] y'all
better recognize that Dora the Explorer
[ __ ] yo act like that [ __ ] ain't
Charlie Brown right quick say that [ __ ]
look book book Blue's Clues [ __ ]
say that [ __ ] J bro watch where it get
you [ __ ] [ __ ] Alejo a 6-feet
Pete player oh [ __ ] yeah like this get
mad there there got to open on my
goddamn mouth [ __ ] mighty shamanic eco
ass player
gangsters get away with a lot of
childlike [ __ ] though if you think about
have you ever seen in the hood hardcore
gangbangers riding bicycles like that's
hardcore
right now you got the most hardcore
dudes at all time all on bicycling huh
fees and y'all got Tweety Bird on your
shirt and you're trying to mad dog me
that doesn't scare me even if I'm with
[ __ ] Jeremy here's how this goes down
watch out not hardcore this is on a
bicycle gangster on a bicycle hey you
[ __ ] make me laugh man egg
[ __ ]
I feel pretty when I do that [ __ ]
eggplant your [ __ ] oh hey y'all got a
problem huh huh
hey mother [ __ ] you've got a goddamn
Prowler yo that's what I thought
ring-ring ring-ring
it's [ __ ] guys man I like to cuddle
with girls after-sex asking questions
I'm not [ __ ] man first question I
asked his girl after sex I said um hey
baby like you were amazing did you enjoy
that she's like yeah yeah you were good
too I was like cool cool second question
I asked I said um so how long you been a
whole you know that way she just get up
and leave
you don't gotta kick her out after that
she leave on her own I was trying to
have a conversation it's not my fault
she got up and left sick of the strip
clubs here man any other fellas done
with the strip clubs in LA man sick of
the strip I'm sick of the lies you know
they entice you with the signs and the
lights and they got the rack city but
the blaring from the other you know the
windows they hit you with the lights and
all the strobe you know live News live
news girls girls girls exotic dancers
like come on keep it real with us now
before we go up in here spin down our
bread on the strip club I want somebody
working at the club in the front to let
you know what's really going on inside
before we waste our time right before I
walk in the strip club I want a guy to
come up to me and say listen man I know
you bout to go up in there I just want
to let you know man but uh these aren't
the best looking girls in the world okay
but listen man they've been through a
lot man support these [ __ ] come on up
in here
yeah stop lying to me with this exotic
dance is like nah man this business from
Riverside and HUD he's a sloppy as hell
right now
just wasting $75 on these titties
I went to Mexico once actually and I
attempted to smuggle diarrhea in my butt
across the border I made it
gay local gay local we have little
Ethiopia in Los Angeles and is that
really necessary we know their little
interesting fact little Ethiopia is the
only place that Fairfax limbs down to
one lane I'm accepting donations to get
it expanded to two lanes you can all
right [ __ ] you all right good
hopping off on that joke you don't like
to Little Ethiopia joke man
it's not my fault you don't like it
there isn't a white guy with that accent
no you have not you have never seen a
white person with these voice before
because this is the blackest of already
black voices these voice is so black
even gangster rappers are like yo that
voice is black would you imagine if you
saw a white guy with that accent will
flip you out right your throw bursaries
store is like pepper a plastic hahahaha
what why are you talking like that man
oh yes yes yes I am from Zimbabwe holy
[ __ ] you're from Zimbabwe or part the
top well welcome to America do you like
it here oh yes I love America it was
always my dream to one day come to
America and drive around in a Cadillac
car while wearing a pair of Nike cross
trainers on my way to a date with a
white woman wait a bureau you're been
with a white person oh no I have not hey
you know what is it once you go white
you do not return tonight all right good
racist half of the room afraid to laugh
half of the room you know what [ __ ] you
guys you think this shit's easy you
think this shit's easy you know doing
stand-up feels like feels like you're
jerking off in your mom walked in that's
what it feels like for me yeah yeah yeah
who's like a jerking off and your mom
walked in and then made you keep going
you're not done mister mommy wants to
see that bird so kiss my ass
it's going on Chicago how you feeling
I'm good I'm good I'm not as good as you
I don't know what that is that you're
smoking that [ __ ] is fan-fucking-tastic
okay I saw a lot of shows and I've never
sold anything that made people that
[ __ ] happy I'm slowly dick in my life
that's never made a woman that happy
I've seen two lesbians make out and I've
never I was seeing anyone as happy as
you are tonight so god bless you for
whatever is going on in your world amen
ah I'm just gonna share a few things
jump before I get out of the city
because I need to get off my chest I
don't like babies the human ones I'm
[ __ ] more like other animals babies
wait water here have you seen cat babies
they're [ __ ] two kittens that's the
[ __ ] dog babies the little puppies i
[ __ ] with them oh [ __ ] human babies not
so much yeah I mean I [ __ ] with terrible
babies more than human babies you
understand no one [ __ ] with turbines i
[ __ ] with him they had a hard life
turtle moms have turtle eggs in a little
hole till the dads come fertilize them
cover them up turtle mom and dad leave
that's it
deadbeat [ __ ] animal parents they
just gone they'll come back check out
her looks her toes and I like you here
you need a little nightlight oh my [ __ ]
I know it's talking to Eric nothing it's
gonna lead a little turtle like that
then the turtle eggs hatch those turtles
make their way across the sand on some
very sandy [ __ ] like avoiding predators
trying to eat me like I'm a little
turtle hors d'oeuvre they make it all
the way to the ocean they live to be
three four hundred years old that's
amazing to me
cuz my 14 month old just took a shift of
the day all the way up is back to his
shoulders I had to wipe his back to
change his diaper [ __ ] human babies is
my point
I'm saying
we have the worst babies of all babies
my son is adorable which is why he gets
away with [ __ ] we beefed him right now
on like a highest level like some
on-site [ __ ] like this mom made her
humble [ __ ] him up you know man
like she saved me your life right now
bro cuz he did fight the other day sir
he made eye contact with me while he was
breastfeeding how you gonna make eye
contact with why you suck at my wife
titties man don't look me in my eye
while you're doing that's just
disrespectful he licked his lips and her
nipple at the Saints almost punched him
in his [ __ ] like titties titties too
cool
I thought everybody liked it ease and
then I was in Georgia and I found out
there was an anti tinny faction out
there that [ __ ] me up I was like y'all
don't [ __ ] with titties what kind of
terrorist of you you alien [ __ ]
who don't like titty babies like titties
that don't sweat titties gay people like
to do straight people like titties eight
listen if you don't [ __ ] with titties I
feel like the law should be built you
should build that [ __ ] around
the city haters cuz you [ __ ]
hate America [ __ ] you take your tits
we were in Georgia and we were ordering
food at this amazing restaurant called
the Waffle House try that [ __ ] and we're
about to order my son got fussy and the
only reason babies get fussy is they
they need to be changed
they're sleepy or they hungry we just
chased he just woke up from a nap so my
wife did the next logical thing just uh
kidding this mom by the way if you don't
notice that works on grown-ass men -
anyway my son is relaxed he's chillin
the dude at the table behind us is very
upset I can hear him talking to his
friend just do it a little east rapping
he's like you know what that's [ __ ]
ridiculous and I'm like I know he's not
talking about us maybe his ruby fruity
fresh and fruity ain't working and then
he goes just titties out that's
disgusting I was like wait a minute
wasn't discussed about my wife's titties
those are perky see she [ __ ] weirdo
and he goes hey you had your black
president the gays you get married now
you got your sex organs out at the table
I was like well I don't know about the
first two but I know titties a sex
organs
he was like what I say yeah titties are
doing what the teachers are supposed to
do feed babies that's what titties do
they feed babies they could do a lot of
other cool [ __ ] you know you know man
it's other cool [ __ ] you can do with a
titty but that's not they manage it is
to feed babies and that's what the [ __ ]
they doing you weirdo
also you know what other body parts
should be used for sex but they got
other jobs all of them you can do if you
[ __ ] right I'll put a toe in you
[ __ ] if you like that shadow [ __ ]
ask questions yo Kiki's your key plus he
wearing gloves and I know he beat his
dick like you can't cover every sex
organ is what I'm trying to I like
titties
[Music]
you
[Music]
I went to Japan about a year and a half
ago if you guys never been to Japan you
got a go man it's like they are another
so it's like if a aliens you know and
you're like oh this is like a different
civilization they are on some other like
they are first of all everyone's ultra
polite this how polite no matter what
kind of job you have in society no
matter what part of class division
you're in ultra polite I don't know how
they do this like just to give like when
the plane landed I looked out the window
everybody working on the tarmac of the
airplane just stopped and bowed to the
airplane like in unison like single-file
line just like one two three head on
like wow I felt that I was like oh my
god like these people are greeting me
like this is now so like a trying to
wave to know do you think that would
ever happen here like think about the
airport people like nobody gives a [ __ ]
about anybody there
you ever look out the airplane and just
see them driving around with your bag
they'll just mishandle your bag even
though you're looking right at them
there goes this your bed your bed [ __ ]
break they're so polite man a lot of
bowing I like it's hygienic you know
I've been coming to more of a
hypochondriac lately in my 30s and stuff
so I'm like oh I don't want to touch
anything so they're all like this I'm
like oh that's good you know you don't
have to don't have to touch you know
it's better than the fist bump you just
go like this like I like it you know but
people are so polite people like this
guy I saw him bowing in the air yeah
throw that [ __ ] on the ground please
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry see that's the
type of [ __ ] that happened to Japan you
[ __ ] up and I apologize I'm on I must
have done that I'm sorry I must I must
have thrown you off and made you drop it
I'm so here take my phone please it's a
gift
just please take it as a gift sorry I'm
not apologizing I saw this guy he was
bowing on the phone like I was at the
airport and this guy was like oh so
sorry hustles on it kind of like dude
the guy can't even see you but I guess
he figured through the tone of his voice
I hope you can hear that I'm bowing his
shame in public I'm so sorry it's
amazing
I just want to look older man I'm
wishing for follicles this year
you put Rogaine on your face is that
like safe I'm kind of a hypochondriac so
I want to like look it up there's no
information on this it says don't use on
your face but I thought that was just
like as they think it won't work but I
don't know we should try I feel like if
you're inhaling it that's probably bad
what if it didn't work here but that my
nose here is [ __ ] up ah my dad when
he was my age he had a [ __ ] big ass
like pervy mustache I want that [ __ ] man
cuz I feel like dudes look you want to
look older everyone keeps telling me oh
enjoy looking young it's a good thing
it's annoying a [ __ ] like there's no
positive you here's the thing you don't
want to look young you just don't want
to look like [ __ ] when you're old that's
really more the goal right cuz if you're
young look if you look younger than you
are
it's disrespectful like when I was 10
years old people thought it was five
then I was 15 people thought it was five
I can't take this man like what's the
goal I went on that evel's I think what
you look like when you're 40 is their
surprise at 40 I don't know about like
when I'm gonna be 65 look like I'm 45
and then I died and was like a dude he
was 45 like that's it
I get carded at Danny's for the senior
discount like where is the advantage cuz
I fir dude you want to look older
because people like will trust you like
think about like in media it's like it's
all about young girls you know like
Miley Cyrus or whoever you know it's
always like that's the girl in the news
but dudes it's the opposite it's like
you want to be like Sean Connery or
George Clooney and [ __ ] that's like sexy
wisdom and [ __ ] right no one cares about
young guys
everyone just shits on young guy like
what if there was an emergency right is
like an earthquake or some [ __ ]
and I just come busting in the door like
oh [ __ ] what can I do you're gonna find
an adult call somebody get some help
some black dudes some duct tape some
more black dudes oh my gosh
I realize one thing people love animals
more than they do people and I
understand why you know I understand why
people are [ __ ] and Ultron but it's
weird like you could go on Facebook
right now and you know put a comment go
oh my god
my dog Fido just broke his leg and
people like strangers will be like oh my
god you serious is we gonna pray for
Fido we gonna start a Kickstarter
campaign we're gonna raise money [ __ ]
pottery go to Mexico we're gonna raise
money for Fito you're gonna find a
doctor from Germany and look at his farm
have a vigil at the dog park we just
there but if you say my grandmother's
dying to go well you know [ __ ] happens
man it's a circle of life what are you
gonna do it
kiss Erica Sarah and then you got the
people that like take that stuff like oh
all my dogs are rescues they say it's so
militant they're rescues you any you
adopt them you to rescue the [ __ ] dog
to me a rescue is like if the buildings
on fire and [ __ ] you're driving in front
of it you go away any got burned
that's a rescue you dress up like a Navy
Seal and a helicopter on top of the
pound and [ __ ] with night goggles and
come in you know you kill all the
terrorists and say that's a [ __ ]
rescue but otherwise you do you just
went in paid some money sign some
paperwork and you got a [ __ ] dog
that's all those don't say it like you
want to put need a parade for it you
know and that's not bad either if you're
gonna get an animal if you're gonna get
a pet right you know getting adopt them
that's the way to do it that's the way
to do it
but don't say rescue like like you
[ __ ] rescue but you know I'll be
really ironic cuz right next to that
pound was an orphanage with children you
actually could have adopted you're
driving away with your new dog and
there's a little kid in the window going
oh there goes another one
I can play catch with you sir and the
dogs in the back of the car going [ __ ]
you kid hey guys I'm Joey Medina thank
you very much
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I'm at a good place man I'm happy
I'm healthy I get to travel do comedy
meet some of the coolest people I've
ever met in my life met two of the
people that two of the coolest people
I've ever met my life recently it's on
this trip was a on a plane I said excess
older couple and this old lady leans
over and she says wait you're from I was
like Los Angeles she says my son's from
Indiana and my dad is from South
Carolina I was like all right she didn't
tell me where she was from I was like
this [ __ ] is playing hard to get
little time goes by she leans over again
and she says where you're from I was
like Los Angeles
she said my son's from Indiana my
daughter's from South Carolina I was
like all right and her husband leans
over and he says I'm sorry she repeats
herself she repeats itself that's
because I think she is all thymus which
was really sweet he was are already an
adorable couple he's looking out for his
wife I mean that's amazing you know and
my grandmother is Alzheimer's so I know
a lot about it I did my research you're
not supposed to shut them down it's not
healthy for them supposed to go along
with it you can't correct them so anyway
so now I know I expected it's coming
again I play along she says wait Fromme
myself Los Angeles where are you from or
better yet where are your kids from she
said my son's from Indiana my daughter's
from South Carolina I was like I didn't
know that thanks for sharing
and her husband leans over again and he
says I'm sorry she repeats a song
she repeats herself as cuz I think she
is all timeless in which I thought well
I'm sitting next to two people that have
Alzheimer's
it's gonna be a long-ass flight that's
having the first 15 minutes on a
seven-hour flight this is [ __ ]
amazing I said I'm gonna have fun with
it you know [ __ ] it whatever let's play
along sue she leans over she says where
are you from I go Indiana she says I
don't know when he went from Indiana I
eventually got her though she goes where
you're from I go Indiana she goes my
son's from Indiana I go I know mom I'm
your son
all right guys a very fast line that's
my time
[Music]
as women let me tell you something man
who are in fact master crowd who's more
sensitive women are men by far thank you
for being truthful you know by far I'm
gonna give you example all the women in
here do you care how many lovers that
your boyfriend or husband had before you
do you think about the number you don't
kick you you're like long as he's
[ __ ] me good right now
and from this point on Hakuna Matata
that's all I met Hakuna Matata
that means no worries now let's flip it
men men think about okay just do right
here with the muscle shirt on think
about how many penises have popped off
your girl's mouth look at the men oh
[ __ ] now I got that visual in my brain
so you can't handle you didn't laugh you
went grab a holy water no to my hike my
eyes I can't stop it you can't somebody
apparently yeah that's alright that
happens like okay this couple right here
imagine she did a backflip off the bed
somersault and landed on your [ __ ]
instead of you being like wow that was
the great backflip onto my [ __ ] you know
what you're thinking who the [ __ ] taught
you how to do a backflip
on Cox who have you been training with
while I'm at work
is this some kind of cop gym with to the
Learning Annex got flipped dick classes
that I miss
I've had it since I was born 23 eye
twitch over a hundred times a day I want
a new twitch and I mean I had this one
for like a long-ass time I'm tired of
this twitch I want something new
sick of this I want something fresh does
that guy have Tourette syndrome no he's
just a badass
I want something awesome I want
something royal you know I don't know
why that's royal but this is royal
apparently it is that guy owned land
probably just walk into a Starbucks
mocha latte [ __ ] thank you forget I
have it all [ __ ] my apologies barista
I want something cool this one's
embarrassing you guys don't know what it
feels like when a haircut becomes a
life-or-death situation okay don't move
okay [ __ ] uh uh you want your sideburns
I want a vision [ __ ]
I don't want Supercuts to be last place
I say you just give me a bulk make me
look pretty if you have Tourette
syndrome don't hang out with children
they're [ __ ] okay my six-year-old
nephew is a dick all right before I came
to the show tonight he came up to me he
was like hey Uncle Sam which is my name
which is [ __ ] to begin with okay
just call me uncle or Sam split that
name up it's a lot of pressure when you
put it together he said hey Uncle Sam
why is it always look like a ghost is
punching your face
it is rude I'm a 23 year old man then I
started to cry which is embarrassing
then I cry my tears run sideways I was
like you know my daddy
this is great I'm glad he announced that
I'm from England because the last show
didn't turn out so well because they
didn't tell the guy I was British and it
was a hip-hop club the host gets up on
stage and he's like coming to the stage
right now coming to the stage right now
all the way from the hood keepin it real
real thug real gangster get up Criss
Angel and they played this hip hop music
music hello everybody
[Applause]
they looked at me like they just seen
the bat unicorn but here's the thing you
know it's not the first time that some
people get surprised I was at this place
called Roscoe's chicken and waffles
chicken - yeah it was good good chicken
good chicken
I was ordering you know I was asking for
a table I said I'd like a table for
three please the guy behind me said damn
damn homie yo hold up hold up motor is
that your accent for real I said yeah he
goes no no hold up for real for real
I said yeah because damn snaps ITIN yo
capo come over here right quick I want
to show you something
yeah what's going on what's going on
y'all say something homie say
something hello there I snuck a change
born brother right there son
yo no disrespect British on me no
disrespect but I thought I thought you
were just a regular black I know you
black but you ain't black black I'm not
a black black now he didn't base this on
like a black shirt accident hold it like
if he went to Africa I was like a my
brother I am NOT your brother
[Applause]
because you are only Blake Blake
I am Blake McCann
[Applause]
nobody here has kids [ __ ] I'm doing
kid material yeah they uh they [ __ ] up
your body clock man they make you get up
so I get up so early that early is not
early for me anymore
like I think nothing of calling someone
at 8:00 a.m. on a Sunday now I don't
even [ __ ] hesitate kids no kids [ __ ]
you I've been up since 5:00 I'm dialing
but my phone rings at 8:00 p.m. on a
Sunday and I'm like who in the [ __ ] is
calling it this out somebody better be
dead I'll tell you that have a
three-year-old and a one-year-old I went
three out of the four asses in my house
does that give you an idea of what my
dad's like I got to be honest today I
don't even know if I was one of the
three I don't know we'll find out later
gonna be a big surprise reveal my
daughter is one I said to her tonight I
go baby give me a kid to go ah that was
like your [ __ ] home school get in the
basement where did you get that [ __ ]
you know what I notice is [ __ ] hard
being Mexican it is because like there's
so many of us all right like we're born
with birth defects no for reals we're
like clothes from Ross and that's why
white people like this cuz we look
expensive but we're cheap is fun and
everything from Ross is defective you
know that's you you had a club your
friends talking just some chick or the
friend hates dig she Shops at Ross look
one of the shoulder pads bigger in the
other not even guys oh like what clown
you know I mean like a dick where'd you
get those pants kind of my Ross fool I
gotta piss like this though cuz the
zippers right here though you know what
I thought about it what's my defect I'm
Mexican young I looked in the mirror and
I was like [ __ ] it's my [ __ ] eyebrows
marilla's look at this [ __ ] I look like
a Sesame Street trouble I go to
Supercuts they charge me full price and
[ __ ] I don't have no hair
oh the shampoo the shampoo
[ __ ] up girls call me Freda I was
playing football with my friends or like
a dog you're supposed to put the paint
right here and I rang
and I'll bring it right back to where it
all started check that guy out hey hey
look at that
me and you could go make one of those
right now
big-ass head like that you can't make a
kid like that anymore unless you smoke
and drink alcohol during tire pregnancy
right there [ __ ]
I'll tell you right now though at a
certain point in my life I discovered
rock and roll anyone love rock and roll
punk rock music oh yeah any Chili
Peppers fans here tonight oh yeah you
bleached this hair with these eyebrows
Anthony from the pepper shows out ladies
and gentlemen how tough is that my whole
life oh god Anthony from the peppers
seriously I was out in New York City I
was doing the show I'm hanging out and I
kept going to my hotel
every time I showed up the doorman I'd
be like yo you know who you look like
you look Anthony I'm like great just
watch my [ __ ] I've come in every single
night at one point though I come back as
I look like I'm from New York I start to
talk though and people from New York are
like what is wrong with this picture
cuz every other word out of my mouth is
dude bro what's up I was doing the show
and any time I went by like a table like
this with a bunch of people on it at the
show they were doing shots I'm like what
are you guys doing there like every time
you say dude and bro drink our beers bro
I'm like you're gonna get duh
so I come back in one night same doorman
there but now he's got a buddy with him
they're having a full conversation
together he's like no I think he looks
like this you know what hey Joe we're
talking about you I say it look like
Anthony from the peppers my buddy here
though
says you look like Tony Danza what do
you think Anthony or Tony Danza I mean
my whole life I wanted to look like
someone like you know like Joe Strummer
from The Clash you know Mike Ness from
Social Distortion
instead it's like the Fonz Lou Ferrigno
you know when Shrek was out there was a
huge billboard on Highland my kids drove
by it they're like dad
I come from like a super accepting
Catholic family
whoa shocked no I really do and like
feel bad because I'm like not the good
gay son like my whole family super
supportive of me but like I'm just not
the good guy sound like I don't have the
cool gauge all like I'm not an interior
designer or stylist
you know like I don't really care about
animals or the environment I geoff's up
jack
so pick this up we're like I know I
truthfully don't even stock that much
Nick anymore I'm on the patch works
really well
[Applause]
[Music]
you're seem very nervous and the friends
liked watching the pearl cover in flat
no but it's great because they're like
they're so supportive to like get
married get married you know gay
marriage is legal but I'm nervous too
like gay marriage just like a four-year
commitment I'm not sure if I'm running
away you know what I mean I'm like just
finding myself that's what I want to
call it I but it's great no like my
whole family's super supportive but I'm
like oddly the favored kid in my family
which is crazy because I do this for a
living and like my brother is a genuine
nutritionist at a hospital but my sister
used to be an Oscar Mayer wiener baby
cry out and now she's a recovering drug
addict
my bologna has a first name and it's Xin
AI it's kind of like I'm at touchy no no
I can't take that gossamer Tikas antics
like literally fell asleep in the
avocado that we're all so proud hello
wow I'm up I'm like the lights are on
and I'm up like 1/4 - can't a bit
10.5 perfect whatever my sister
I've been like I've been like this is
terrible but I've been cyberbullying her
from I'd like to see father's face I
know I don't know if you've ever a cyber
bully someone from a dead person
Facebook but there's no repre cautions
at all I say incredible she forgot she
first of all she ever gonna say happy
birthday to me so now I just like
message her at 6:00 a.m. and I'm like
there's $60,000 bury in the ground or
anything yeah I know but sometimes
sometimes sometimes I get really stoned
and then I like will update my dead
that's that is to like not even that hot
down here
[Applause]
no but my family is like the bat even my
even my grandparents are super
supportive of me like being a super
stoner and being super gay just because
like I grew up super Catholic and I
guess in the Bible it says like if a man
lives with another man he shall be
stoned so good I thank you guys you can
often I'm Jordan
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos to learn
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vania
don't block your blessing oh yeah
yeah my god this girl called me up and
she said pal we need to talk oh that's
scary like like for a white man in
America that's like one of the few scary
things you can hear like as a white guy
there's not a lot of scary you never
hear like freeze hands up or guilty or
anything like that it's so we need like
seriously as a white guy in America not
there's not a lot of scary [ __ ] like
what scares us because we're all [ __ ]
white people
ah like cancer scare ghosts were
terrified a [ __ ] ghost gluten is
scary for some reason we need to talk is
scary and then black people that's
pretty much the only thing that scares
us we need to talk if I was like well
let's just talk schism we gotta meet
somewhere we gotta meet somewhere let's
meet somewhere public and talk we don't
want to meet we want like guys we just
want to tax and do [ __ ] in private
wouldn't will be public I think the
reasons because men are always their
biggest fear for man's to be publicly
humiliated by woman and the woman's
biggest fear is to be murdered by a man
and what we need to talk is a [ __ ]
worse because they're probably we need
to talk I got tickets to Disneyland
we need to talk I need to suck your dick
a lot more it's always like it's always
like I met someone I'm pregnant
I went through your google history or
something like that so she had me meet
her at an ice cream shop yeah have you
seen this joke ah ladies don't [ __ ]
dump someone over ice cream is the worst
shake bill this I just decide this isn't
working out I'm like really
who you guys voting for what me I don't
know if that's a great idea
I appreciate it but who are you thinking
Hillary Bernie Bernie are we doing it
are we for real about Bernie I like I'm
willing to get on board but I keep
thinking people being ironic I first
heard about them I was in Silver Lake
and if you know anything about LA you
know the further east you go the more
ironic things are you can't take it
seriously and I guess we are we're on
board with Bernie I'm gonna be on board
with Bernie I think I don't know I think
he I'm sure he's gonna be fine I'm
choosing me great seems he sees he's old
man and and I don't mean I don't mean an
age I mean an energy certain people have
like old man energy and he I mean it
matches I'm sure his age but I mean I'm
sure he's going to be fine but he's
definitely gonna be the first president
to embarrass us on some old man [ __ ]
like definitely and you gotta be
prepared for that like he's going to be
the first president to like negotiate a
nuclear deal with a mustard stain on the
shirt and and if you're fine with it I'm
fine with it I don't know much about his
policies but I know he's super strong me
sandwich everyday for lunch
he was just look in his eyes and sure
we'll be fine
Hillary I can't tell if just let her
have this one is a good enough reason to
vote for Hillary like that's why I would
do it completely just rooted and nothing
political it would be like an ax man her
husband got his dick something we all
know about it let's just let it have
this one let's just let her be president
I mean she's filled out all the forms
she's done all the things kissed the
babies and whatever you got to do so you
got a take a physical or how you become
president
yeah you had to have not killed anybody
uh not a lot tickets that's about it
think Hillary's running you know and
first of all it's funny watching like
women not give a [ __ ] about Hillary
Clinton that's my favorite part of this
whole like thing is just watching women
just not give a [ __ ]
it's amazing you would think that it
like I like his thing I'm not saying I
voted for Obama because he's black but
we get it like sure was I not gonna why
don't women have it saved camaraderie
like what's going on here what's the
problem is because it's because if I
made without you hating me women only
kind of [ __ ] with other women only kinda
sometimes and pins what's the life
expectancy of a woman's friendship with
another woman oh no like two-and-a-half
years max before [ __ ] goes wrong maybe
you get back together years later but
it's gonna hit a [ __ ] wall
it's going to I have it that's why I
fell Minh Louise was so realistic the
only way to maintain a friendship was to
drive off a [ __ ] cliff they just had
it's like we got to kill ourselves or we
are gonna get angry at each other over
some [ __ ]
I don't know I think that Hillary is you
know she's just not memorable that fear
you know like some people are just not
memorable you know you know we have them
in all of our lives that person you're
supposed to get lunch with for like a
year
guy at your office named Marc but you
keep calling them John for some reason
sure it's name isn't sure it's not John
okay
I'm i'ma call him John because who gives
a [ __ ] that's how you do it cuz some
people just aren't memorable I hope I'm
not so maybe you are I mean I don't want
you to feel bad but good don't do
something fun man get out there she's
like like when she's on like my
television like I get really excited
about Hillary Clinton I think oh man
she's you know she's smart and you know
I don't think she's murdering anybody I
don't know how to be president but as
soon as she goes away completely forget
about it forget she existed forget
anything she said get what she did
it's also how I feel about Bruno Mars's
music play when he's performing on the
Super Bowl and well [ __ ] he's a great
performer I'm gonna buys out and then
Monday comes and I don't buy his album
because I'm an adult and I could play
yeah
I can't listen to a little Hawaiian man
sing about love in my car it's great I
own stamps I'm a citizen I think Hillary
Clinton is running as like this really
elaborate plot for revenge think about
that like if you would do it too if you
had the opportunity your husband was
cheating on you at his job you had the
opportunity years later to get that
exact same job it's irresistible so
she's running trust me man and we're
going to hear about it
if she wins like it would be like year
two of her presidency and it'll be
headlines on every paper like Hillary
Clinton gets [ __ ] in the Oval Office
it's gonna happen she's gonna leak it
she's gonna be so happy to finally
that's all she's doing the [ __ ] for
she's get the get the paper to see it
was just the legs open on the on the
desk yep bill a cup of coffee she's
gonna wake them up with it kind of I
like pouring the coffee on his forehead
a little bit yeah bill yeah now wake up
uh-huh yeah look at this read this it
won't put your glasses on yeah Hillary
Clinton gets but uh huh uh huh how the
[ __ ] does it feel [ __ ] she can say the
n-word in this situation I think she's
earned it how the [ __ ] as a feel that
[ __ ] burns button now you go walk to a
helicopter while Chelsea holds your hand
or we could uh we could vote for Trump
listen to the groan I mean listen man
he's gotten further than we all thought
it's the Oscar Pistorius of elections is
he still running despite obvious
handicaps he's still in the race
it was just he's got a murder his
girlfriend America is his girlfriend
still daughter man I've accepted it I've
accepted a trump presidency
you should too it's easier for your
heart because what do you know what else
you going to do sit there and yell she's
going to yell [ __ ] at your television
screens you can get angry what's
interesting about Trump is it's the
first time in my life I've seen white
people like helpless never seen that
before I've never seen just like despite
the best efforts there's nothing you
could do he's unstoppable
he's unstoppable he will only stop when
he decides to he's like a white
Hurricane Katrina like he's just
breaking all the levees I've never
experienced that Donald Trump it's
obviously crazy I think he kind of is
America you know when you think about
arrogant ignorant sometimes spending
money doesn't have
thinks he's right out of time he is a
mirror it's like a Captain Planet who
were created by like an election it's
what Donald Trump is I think he's crazy
because he's you know insane but as
someone who recently moved to a new tax
bracket I also think he has some good
ideas sometimes
times are tough I was at my buddy's
apartment recently drinking Sanka
chit-chatting stealing his neighbor's
Wi-Fi and he pulls this envelope off of
his coffee table and he goes look at
this jury duty how am I gonna get out of
this and I was like look man you're 35
unemployed and living Detroit if I were
you I would probably take it just for
the paycheck at this point unless you've
cooked up some pyramid scheme that
involves you taking bong rips and
playing xbox I don't really see a lot of
career opportunities coming down the
pike my man and he said I know how I'll
get out of it I'll just say I'm racist
I'll just say I'm racist yeah you are
racist he said I'm not a racist Mike I
said listen if your plan to get out of
jury duty is to say that you're racist
that means you're automatically assuming
that whoever's on trial is going to be a
minority which is textbook racism
basically he said well I heard that if
you say you're racist they have to let
you out of jury duty
I said who ever served on jury duty he
said no I said well I have and they
don't pull you aside and ask you in
private why you're unable to be a juror
so good luck declaring hey everybody I'm
a racist in a crowded courtroom in
downtown Detroit
I applaud your bravery that was three
weeks ago I haven't heard from that guy
since he's dead he's definitely dead at
this point
I think I have a kind of a strange
relationship with food because when I
was a kid my mom always said that you
have to eat everything from your plate
you have to eat all the food because
there is starvation in Africa and then I
ate every day and then I grew a bit
older and I started to think that how
have I helped situation in Africa I'm
now a little bit overweight I hope they
are happy I have done my best eating so
much if I ever go to Africa and they
look at my belly I will say that I did
it for you
[Applause]
yeah it's a very good-looking crowd it's
very diverse that's good I guess very
diverse crowd looks like the homepage
for the right University everybody here
hot hot couples aha young people's like
you guys look like a [ __ ] boyband up
front what's this [ __ ] I feel like
this whole side of the room is just a
[ __ ] with me now hot guy who sitting
next to no one then another hot guy
appears in [ __ ] one Direction's right
here where you guys dressed like that
are you what are you doing
or do you just care about yourselves
these single dudes now it's debatable
nice try nice try I just got out of a
sex cult not going back into one
I asked a bride audience I asked for a
pamphlet I'm in Montana underground guys
wash you're younger younger Fox how old
are you guys by the way 26 all of you 26
what's that access Australian Pro key
first of all you guys know your way
around a [ __ ] steak house and I
respect
that's first of all so we're on good
footing we here's where I got a
complaint what the [ __ ] is up with
kangaroos gotta eighty-six of those
[ __ ] be on the face of the deer
but the torso of a really fit 13 year
old boy I like that [ __ ] do your [ __ ]
together as a country I'm from a good
country America
you guys are cool I like you Australia
feel like I'm from a very similar place
I'm from Florida
oh [ __ ] you for laughing by the way [ __ ]
you guys you live in America that's the
Florida of the world we're gonna shut
down the city for three days gets one
[ __ ] alligator farm
Miami from Florida there Oh knows about
Florida man I'll cop to it I've got some
Florida Manship most Florida man should
I ever did this one time in high school
I threw it ducking a guy dude was being
a [ __ ] so he got duck that swamp
justice bigger the [ __ ] bigger the duck
but I tell people they're always
confused like how do you even do that
you can have a duck here's where you
guys don't know God's love oxycontin
when you put it in bread
some of you guys like food like your
best friends if the duck who's got a
tough problem we got out of here
pandering I'm gonna do a little
pandering give it up for women you guys
[ __ ] rule you got vaginas that's a
complicated piece of jazz I just found
this out about vaginas if we kept it a
proper pH balance like a Best Western
jacuzzi come on stage Australia
[Applause]
here's what I want you to do because
this isn't a great time for America
right now a lot of people think that
were doofy boots I want you to go back
to Australia and tell people that you
have a great time okay now we have a
little tradition in this country where
you give a guy your wallet just for the
night and then I return it with a little
note that says how much I learned about
your country and who is a human being
and we'll just give me your wallet it's
a tradition that we all know about hey
you got discover over there huh it's
awesome that's uh well you'll get this
wallet back oh you don't need to be
worried hey I'm not the one who's from a
[ __ ] criminal nation hey it's one of
eight cruisin colonies worried about me
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been on traveling a lot I'd
recently just came back from Japan nice
to see everybody who likes Japan and
anti Chinese Japanese League in here
what are we doing so I just come back
from Japan and I took a 14-hour flight
and I you know it's scary to fly to
Japan because it's 14 hours and you hit
turbulence and you hit a lot turbulence
is scary enough you know but there is
nothing scarier than turbulence in
another language the air if the airplane
starts really hitting some turbulence
and all of a sudden over the loudspeaker
right here oh shoot all in the toy and
the bull
shut up and I'm like oh [ __ ] this guy
thinks Godzilla's in the cockpit oh
shoot oh here the world into the ball ha
and he's still pissed off about Pearl
Harbor like I hated that movie too sir
then act like an [ __ ] I'm the only
english-speaking on the person on the
plane okay I all of a sudden over the
loudspeaker here attention ladies and
gentlemen we are experiencing a slight
forward happiness if you just keep your
seat belt buckle I think be fine
enjoy the movie Horry and Akana factory
I don't know is it good is it not and
the stewardess she comes over and she
starts trying to calm me down but she
just says the same thing over and over
again like a robot she comes over - ha
ha
everything fine you are hot top like I
don't know we're gonna crash
you are hot ha when I have diarrhea
ha I'm like my wife she's falling for
the void
what a hot ah and she kept trying to
calm me down but she said the wrong
things you know cuz she want to make me
feel better
it's ok I play not gonna fall in the
ocean and going ball the plane
and you're not gonna fall up in the
water
you wanna haha
how can you not like Thanksgiving it's
my favorite holiday sit around eat your
ass off puke eat again watch football
fall asleep [ __ ] beautiful who knew
the pilgrims like football so much love
the pilgrims they were the best their
hats and buckles and shoes I love those
little [ __ ] they had it going on -
didn't they and they knew it
they're probably sitting around one day
gonna look at all this land and food and
resources we got a party let's have a
big bash she give thanks invite
everybody tell me is that come on over
what the hell once a year ain't gonna
kill us tell chief chuckle [ __ ] to bring
the whole tribe everybody brings
something tell the Indians abrini yams
and the corn they're always good with
that and the pot they always have good
pot those son of a [ __ ] gonna bring
two years into corn the pot will take
everything else we'll get the turkey in
the frack Lee and the cauliflower in the
biscuits will eat our asses get off
[ __ ] up on whiskey and back margaritas
then we'll skin a pig and toss it around
and tackle each other
maybe I'll turn into something I don't
know sounds like a pretty good plan to
me who knows it might even become a
trick and wouldn't you know it my
tradition with the park folks something
that pure that beautiful is gonna become
a traditions it's too great of a thing
that's why they become traditions
they're beautiful things you don't see
lousy things become a tradition see guys
walking around going hey Phil you know
that sodomy party the other night was a
blast Jesus Christ
we got to that again bend over pick up
the Soka son of a [ __ ] you got me on
that one
but we got to do that at least once a
year back next you will even get more
people that are just you and me
I feel like these days everyone's like
super paranoid you know I mean you know
what I mean you all [ __ ] know I had
this epiphany this happened this was a
couple this was a couple months ago it
was over the winter which winter it's
this thing we have back in Chicago I
don't know it's like imagine the
temperature inside LAX that's what it
feels like outside okay I found it very
cold at the airport and I didn't care
for it
anyway I'm in this coffee shop right and
I'm standing by the door
and this young lady comes in she's taken
off her jacket okay you know how women
do they be taking old jackets you know
what I'm saying they go outside where
it's cold to be putting them on they
come back outside where it's warm
they be taking them all [ __ ]
but here's what's different see this
time if she opens it up a button pops
off falls on the floor you know gravity
works goes down so I see that I come
over I bend down and I grab it as I
stand back up this woman says to me she
goes excuse me can I have that back okay
I wouldn't go what the [ __ ] she thinks
I'm doing
what is the possible our alternative
explanation like she must really think
I'm just gonna be like uh-uh-uh
Finders Keepers
oh yeah this one's going in the
collection yeah oh yeah like she's not
gonna be like I've been standing there
all day just [ __ ] waiting like a
pervert with a button fetish it's like
Oh fine and that's from a peacoat
was doing I'll tell you what it was that
minute I knew chivalry is dead so what I
did I
I took the button I put in my mouth I
swallowed it I'm like I ran away I know
right
yeah thank you thank you I did it for
you guys it's a game time call I think
was the right one I it did give me a
tummy ache well that's all right because
that night mm-hmm
I pooped a button what yeah like a party
you know you pooped a button before come
on after the show we're all going to
have a button pooping party in the van
look what happen your hand you want you
got it today why you saying like it's a
new coat or some [ __ ]
yeah just cast I bought it today man is
on Melrose what you do you fell you're
just gonna be Vegas [ __ ] huh
were you blowing another dude and that
happened man you know I don't want to
get into it man you know what uh
apparently some guy's butt holes break
thumbs
no I don't want a skinny woman I wanna I
want a woman not wearing a g-string I
want to wearing an hijk LMNOP string
sound of guys are like big busts right
there yeah that you you just do that
what will you look as bad as I do so
together you gotta jump all right good
no no no think are you doing good good
good that looks gonna tell a joke
I'm 1 1 1 1 don't know yo
[Applause]
chef Rogan chef Mogan Seth Rogen is
always telling a muhfucka he can hook up
with a [ __ ] who that [ __ ] is hot and
she totally wants to value all right no
no no all right
god damn it no gotta you do can also say
we cover you told a joke that we get we
got their chick agree she's gonna women
about their purses with them here
tonight I think it's so weird that women
carry an entire purse with them
everywhere they go and all guys have is
a wallet like why do women need
something ten times bigger to carry 30
percent less money
talk about topical humor guys how about
that Steve Irwin you know uh would you
say he was the Anna Nicole Smith of
crocodile hunting what do you think why
did God take Anna Nicole because he
needed another fake titted Waffle House
waitress in heaven it was weird sir hey
what's your name
Jeremy Jay bro you're whiter than Matt I
don't know what the [ __ ] little man
what's your name hello my name is Jeremy
dude call me Jay bruh my name is Jeremy
man what's up dude I surfed here I just
do a little bit of everything bro you
know I [ __ ] what like whatever if you
think you do dirtbike snowboard that's
the same thing [ __ ] a little bit
everything you know their bikes faster
by slow dirt bikes
[ __ ] just chilling out on some dirt
bikes wants to be up dirt bike watch a
third fight channel I make the reply
it's a little bit everything I eat a
dirt bike I'd sleep on dirt bikes
what do you expect my name is Jay Brodie
I've never done with Asian girl you have
very pretty asian girl like if you as my
girl I have fun with the fact that you
agent you know like I come home from
work one day and the soldiers outfit
right hold on it gets worse I got my
dick hanging out the zipper right and I
hold it like it's a machete and humming
American soldier here to sleep some
nationality a Korean could work better
with a joke if you're Vietnamese so you
lean to make American soldier here to
sleep some Vietnamese add and I can't
see you you hidden it somewhere in the
house that you got like a potato sack on
for a shirt and a little dirt dried
grass on your face and I just hear you
yell from a distance you go home black
man it's not you long as you're handsome
boyfriend your answer I'm not trying to
[ __ ] you but you're a good-looking dude
I think I can say that without it being
weird right look at it girls
good-looking they're Christian they're
not trying to [ __ ] you either they're
just going to observe the miracle God
hath made
are you a model you were for real
because if I was I'd be like no I mean
I'd be like I would never said you were
a model for real like what kind of stuff
is you model I mean but like what my
Abercrombie you were you're an
Abercrombie model oh and I'm being weird
for Fanny who looks good
that's [ __ ] pornography got so many
do deserve talk to you that's good you
were an Abercrombie model I mean it's
not bad it's just like that because to
me an Abercrombie model is the ultimate
like that's what in terms of luck white
that's as white as you get like you
could be it's like it's like not see and
then Abercrombie you're pissed model
what I mean what's that you're German
because that works I'm German you know
my friend don't be that jovial about it
how that works I'm German
that's cool yeah that's cool you were I
think that I respect that you were an
Abercrombie model at school all these
girls are just like live in our chair I
guess I'm one of the things their
[ __ ] are gettin moister
actually 31 I just turned 31 thank you
for people at school see it it's a very
la response oh my god he said it out
loud is he mentally ill should we
institutionalize him he needs help is in
his thirties I feel pretty good I mean
we'll look at me no I I do I feel good I
think mentally is where is where my 30s
are affecting me right I'm driving down
the street the other day I'm going on
Urban Outfitters I don't know why so mad
in there right and on the radio I heard
Marcy Playground sex and candy yeah
exactly
listen to the whole thing and then at
the end the deejay called it 90's music
remember when that [ __ ] was just songs
you guys our childhoods of genre now
it's a station on Spotify and it's
depressing remember that song came out
you're like oh I love this song I love
this current song that's on the radio
that doesn't make me feel old whatsoever
a few years go by I remember the song
yeah that [ __ ] comes on now and you're
with a buddy you can't even listen to it
cuz he's like dude dude dude do you know
how old the song is do you know hold the
song is because I'm going to tell you
right now it's 16 years old 1 6 it's got
zits it can drive a car it doesn't want
to hang out with you because you're in
your 30s that's where we are with that
song every time and I heard the whole
thing and I realized something I never
want to hear it again I can't identify
anymore 15 years old whole nother story
that thing came on I'm like whoa whoa
whoa whoa sex and candy like at the same
time oh my god this song takes place in
heaven I thought being an adult was just
your porn dr. pepper all over naked
bodies she's sucking on a KitKat bar and
you're just going to town all day long
you flash-forward sixteen years I'm like
whoa whoa whoa man I can't [ __ ] with
candy anymore what are you
I eat too much chocolate my tummy gets
sore last thing I want to do is start
[ __ ] you know what I mean the only
thing she's gonna smells gasps you keep
your sex in candy I'll take a
gluten-free cookie spin class in the
morning you know man
where's that playground I want to play
on that Marcy come on let's do it
I take the orders in my bakery and uh so
I always have a long line and recently
this really old lady got on my line like
very very old like like us she wasn't
the first woman ever but like like maybe
she knew her you know like really old
Anna so she gets in my line and she's
like excuse me
not like what she's like I start like
leaning in like Italy and I'm getting
closer and closer and so she starts when
she's getting closer and closer and I'm
like what she coughed in my mouth but
but like I did yeah growth but also
suspiciously accurate shot for someone
that old pretty good shot
little [ __ ] um and she's like yeah
can I have I'm like when I go back to
your order this is a different
relationship now all right we're not the
same people we were ten seconds ago okay
you don't get to call some 3000 year old
Egyptian curse into my mouth let's start
talking about birthday cake all right
that's not how it's gonna work
all right scare up them out of you
kidding me what's your game waiter you
can start getting all young again all
sudden and I target real old like a 20
up version and off into their mouths I'm
not doing it not doing this guys with me
it's time to quit line earlier guys I'm
12
I'm 12 years old important very fast
[Music]
nothing like a nice cold beer at 10:00
in the morning hi I'm Emily and if
you're jealous of my beer mugs don't
worry you have a chance to win one as
well you just got to subscribe comment
below that you're subscribed and let us
know a funny original joke and you have
a chance to win this original Laugh
Factory beer mug you better be funny or
else you won't win
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
[Music]
all right so I know so we'll go through
it one time and then afterwards you'll
learn the story and then you know you
could do your but you put a little bit
of Brian into it you know so what is
this that here here's the scene and
again this is original material Russian
oh no yes so this is where Scotty gets
rejected by Dirk after he's trying to
show up in the car in Boogie Nights and
you know I just want to see it but I
want to see it's a little slice Who am I
my dark know you're gonna be Scotty but
I thought you're Russian so you're very
masculine very tough which I think you
would be perfect for you know cuz you
are you really tough you and there goes
your name a lot so the media is like you
only do high kicks [ __ ] high
come on say hello guys think they're
nice I actually take high my needs are
safe and I'm like really and then you
leave some ops let's get into clothes
again jordansen ever
that's all I'm trying to say it's
because my [ __ ] might like my sensei
okay
used to make us [ __ ] hold buckets for
like like buckets of water sis yes we're
gonna audition okay right yeah yeah
so we'll just go into it but you're I
need you to be like a real Russian like
it really it really Russian like it was
this deep Scottie biscotti with Philip
Seymour Hoffman is great okay so and you
show me your car and then you know look
like yeah just okay so I'll just go into
it ready this is great this is great
Wow no it's great right yeah actually
here is you pull me in and you go for a
kids
yes it's my discards like this the same
thing if you look in this but maybe you
put
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I feel like the storm it was great it
was great Johnny breathing yeah I like
this I'm gonna do the breathe in real
acting you want you know yeah stab me
now this is how a bad guys want stab me
and this is how this is how this is how
somebody who's our great actor dies and
watch how watch how like watch how I
struggle like like I'm just in charge
[Applause]
[Applause]
when you have young kids at home your
whole goal from the moment they wake up
your whole goal is to make them tired
from the moment they wake up be like run
run run climb climb climb fly you can
fly try flying flap your wings and no
matter what you do when it comes time to
sleep kids don't want to sleep right
craziest thing they hate sleeping and
there's something that's called sleep
training which is when they turned six
months old just put some of them crying
out on the crib and they cry and they
cry and they cry and they learn to sleep
and life goes on it's a technique it's
very Western very modern very
cold-blooded as soon as a book there's
some German lady wrote the book it's the
most cool I was reading the book the
Buddha but if the baby is crying let the
baby cry calm down
German lady you start to walk in the
pendant chapter two I use a baby
calm down Germany to take it easy
Chapter three don't be a [ __ ] all right
Chapter four
are you a Jew what the hell German lady
it's a Western very modern time now
emerging from Iran my wife Rose you from
India so weaker from immigrant
backgrounds immigrants no sleep-trained
I don't give your Iranian Indian Mexican
Guatemalan immigrants we're all in the
bed together I'm in the bed my wife's in
the bed the baby's in the bed my
mother-in-law's in the bed
there's a rooster in the bed my cousins
are under the bed and Martha's
immigration left yet let me check Hasan
lay low we have young kids at home your
time is not your own okay when you have
young kids at home you have to take
every to-do list while the kids are
sleeping all right
when you have young kids at home be like
a Navy SEAL you got to be ready to go
anytime anyplace yeah when you have
young kids at home like you just got to
be ready like the other day the kids
were sleeping I went to my wife I go hey
let's have some sex she goes I'm not in
the mood I go I'm not the boat either
put the enemy sleeping let's go move it
move it move it
disrobe dismount I got a kill bin Laden
let's do this that's me call sex in my
house killing bin Laden that's right
folks sometimes we go weeks without
killing bin Laden if you know what I'm
saying ladies ever sometimes I'm gonna
make bin Laden commit suicide if you
know what I'm saying thank you for
getting that my brother I travel a lot I
I do stand-up I travel I travel around
the world and I've been to like the
Middle East and I've been a lot of
places and the worst part of it all is
when it comes time to tip because then
there's see there's rules on tipping
some places you not supposed to tip
because it's an insult like sir please
you insult me and my family you know
there are places said I will kill you
now what just take the dollar or the
dinar or whatever it is and I did I was
and in certain places you don't know how
much you're supposed to I was in Dubai
and there was a guy cleaning this Indian
guy would clean our room and I tipped
him the equivalent of like five dollars
and I think I don't know I think I paid
his mortgage I don't know what this guy
I'm sure he was so happy
I mean he would not he wouldn't leave me
alone he would started following me
around the hotel I said every time I'd
leave my room he what I said would you
like me to clean the room again I was
like it's like you've already cleaned
the room Sanjeev because I said I
wouldn't please let me do it again I
would do to you I'd go out I'd come back
it's like even cleaner I like how did
you do it I don't know sir I love you I
love you sir please give me another five
dollars who tried to blow up the car
bomb in Times Square of course you do
pockets yeah she's like no forgot it I
don't know I thought he was Persian was
any person
first of all I happen to be in Times
Square that night doing a show I was a
few blocks away I remember a few months
before that there was a white guy who
flew his plane into the building of the
Austin Texas IRS building Austin Texas I
happen to be in Austin Texas that they
do in a show I swear to God now as a
Middle Eastern male when you start
showing up around a lot of these
activities you start feeling guilty at
what boy house watch the news I'm like
am i involved in this [ __ ] can you get
the memo my friend was like maybe in the
decoy man maybe Al Queda is like where
does he perform - we blow it up we go
global I'm a big fan I want to blow up
everything he does but see the
difference was see the problem was that
Pakistani dude mess it up for all Middle
Easterners Muslim Pakistani myself all
because what the problem is
anytime a Middle Eastern or Muslim does
something the organizations come and
they attach themselves to that person
when the white guy flew his plane into
the IRS building in Austin
no white organization attached
themselves with that guy every wider
anyway crazy white guys there's a crazy
white guy even the Tea Party we have no
idea is we don't know probably drinks
coffee that bastard we don't know
coffee drinker when the Pakistani dude
tried to blow up the car bomb into an
punkin in Times Square the Pakistani
Taliban took credit for that failed car
bombing now my question is why would you
take credit for a failed car bombing
right why would you call a press
conference
we just want to say we tried and
furthermore it is the thought that
counts
and in conclusion win some lose some
does anybody here watch a little bit of
Fox News oh my god you watch oh my god
you get scared when you watch it yeah
it's based on fear it's all based like I
watched it from time to time to see what
the other side is thinking a little bit
you know I'm saying I want to like like
and then once you watch it a little bit
you start like doubting the people
around you I'm like maybe my cousin my
mood is up to some [ __ ] might be right
about that
I think Julio is trying to take my job
too I gotta get rid of these Mexicans
and Muslims what the hell you start
watching it enough FoxNews you think the
world is out to get you think the
Mexicans are here to take our jobs and
the Muslims are gonna kill us I'm gonna
get eaten by a shark
I might get eaten by a Mexican Muslim
shark who's got the V Zika virus
his name is Barack or Hussein or Obama
or some [ __ ] like that
even the Trump supporters this all fear
Trump is the craziest [ __ ] nobody
thought when Trump's first started
running everybody thought it was a joke
everybody was like now it was like oh
[Laughter]
even the Trump supporters it's all fear
Trump is the craziest [ __ ] nobody
thought when Trump's first started
running everybody thought it was a joke
everybody was like now it was like oh
[Laughter]
the number one saying I heard Trump
supporters say I love him cuz he says
what's on his mind he just says what's
on his mind he just says what's on his
my ego what are your thoughts on his
policies I don't know if he's got any
policies he just says what's on his mind
this same became so prominent my own
mother Iranian lady she started I went
to visit she fell for it I went to visit
her she goes Maz I like this guy because
she say what's on his mind
I go mom are you crazy he's
anti-immigrant okay I go if he became
president your relatives couldn't come
to visit you she goes I don't like them
anyway
a lot of immigrants like Trump it's
crazy I'm serious a lot of immigrants
get into this country and then they
don't want any more of them coming in
it's true I was in an uber with an older
Armenian guy this guy barely spoke any
English but he loved Trump he was trying
to tell me what a great politician Trump
is but he kept saying what a great
politic he is the whole ride Donald
Trump better good politic number-one
politic very good number one very good
politic number one very good number one
better good politics very good number
one very good number one politic but a
good number one Farmiga dude he's
anti-immigrant you're an immigrant he
goes yes but I'm here
[Music]
you know getting older feel like I'm
getting older but I got to stop eating
that's that's the heart thing you're
like living in Chicago there's too much
food here though right there's too much
[ __ ] food here and you're like I got
to stop eating I don't like this gut I
got anymore I've always been a little
skinny dude this [ __ ] does not go away
anymore
this [ __ ] does not go away and I'm real
conscious about it now like women you
know how you take a picture when you're
on you know at the club right after the
comedy show you take a picture with your
girls and then you got to like look at
the picture before you post it I'm gonna
see what I look like in it [ __ ] you mean
like I do that now like I take a picture
because I'm self-conscious about my
stomach now like I take pictures I'm I
didn't see that [ __ ] real quick now I'm
sucking like that take another one right
so like like it [ __ ] with me no I hate
people tag me I'm like dude what's up
with that stomach I gotta work on this
[ __ ] right like I was at my cousin's
birthday party last month these dudes
are gangbangers we're taking pictures
these [ __ ] throw gang signs and
[ __ ] I'm gonna I'm gonna sign like a
chick sucking in my stomach like this
[Applause]
who knows I can see what I'd look like
an issue yeah and this thing man like
would you get older you know simple [ __ ]
of kill you simple food will kill you
manly did you know when you get over 35
a glass of milk will [ __ ] you up for two
weeks just regular move the red cap the
whole milk now I know why people don't
drink that [ __ ] free I drink a big glass
of milk the other night fell asleep like
a [ __ ] baby through I fell asleep
late I just had my coochie that
man the next morning I woke up I was
bloated through my stomach was out to
here my back was hurting I was gassy I
was farting all over the house of [ __ ] I
was cramping up I was freaking out like
am I ever right Henry ran out the
[ __ ] at me
I got a fourteen-year-old daughter I was
asking like you get that you get that
yep I got my period right now I'm gonna
win you gears I'm the 21st cool month on
the 23rd
[Music]
[Music]
seals what a mess quite possibly the
ugliest mammal no not that kind of seal
this one seals are often referred to as
the dogs of the ocean which doesn't make
sense because people love dogs people
Club seals the seal is a carnivorous
mammal that much like women in their 30s
feeling adventurous on a first date feed
on fish squid shellfish and crustaceans
seals are also considered semi-aquatic
marine mammals that means they have four
flippers just like that one night stands
you met up with from craigslist some
seals have a diving record up to 3,000
feet so suck on that Michael
[Music]
seals enjoy living in very cold
environments and do so quite comfortably
due to the thick layers of blubber they
have under their skin this fat helps to
keep them well insulated and completely
unstoppable lover is an important part
of a marine mammals Anatomy it stores
energy until eight feet and increases
buoyancy much like your grandparents
when they sleep a seals breathing slows
down significantly to save energy they
often slow down there breathing so much
they appear to be dead don't get too
excited they're not seals they eat they
they die I feel Dumber even teaching you
about them you can learn more about
mother nature at malone comedy calm
trying to online date it's the worst
thing you'll ever voluntarily do to
yourself I'm trying to outline online
date I'm using a OkCupid I use OkCupid
cuz it's free
trying to find my soulmate don't want to
spend a lot don't want to flash a lot of
cash it's really funny like starting the
process of online dating like you really
see the differences in levels of fear
going into it between men and women like
it's so radically disproportionate like
guys number one fear with online dating
is you're going to show up to the date
and the girls not going to look exactly
like her photo right it's generally the
fear of guys ever to be a bit bigger
right it's okay woman's number one fear
is that they're going to be murdered
radically disproportionate that is guys
are just like I hope she's not a no-go
women are like I hope my head still with
me at the end of this date like women
like I put in this crazy scenario where
they have to look at it guys photos
online and just be like a murderer
wouldn't go hiking yes yes they would
they totally do all the time on their
way back from a murderer in the desert
that's the photo you see is then mixed
to the dog that helped bury the [ __ ]
love this guy it's with me for life half
the time when I email people I'm just
trying to say I'm not a murderer like
that's all you're trying to say the
first couple interactions like my
profile picture is just a pile of guns
and knives and maybe look no
those stirring I've gone on I've gone on
to I've gone on to online dates I
haven't gone on anymore
because both times the girl that showed
up totally nice super sweet real [ __ ]
beaches but easily like 60 pounds bigger
than their profile pictures yet like
that's fine like I understand the fear
that went into that decision but that
has happened both times that's happened
twice
if that happens a third time I'm going
to murder that girl and then we'll both
be right
you guys have been very fun thank you
very much
most women no next to diamonds and D
size batteries a gay man is typically a
woman's best friend my right ladies most
women have at least one gay man in their
life some of you don't I can tell by how
you're dressed my office after the show
you know you are I am I love straight
girls which are very judgy yeah I'm
single they talk a lot of mad [ __ ] on me
Andre don't you feel nasty and dirty
sleeping with dudes half your age not
after we shower hater that's all ladies
stop asking me if your man looks hot cuz
usually no and there's nothing wrong
with dating an ugly guy obviously some
of you agree with me if you like it I
love it that's what I'm saying he might
be cute to you we may not be somebody
else's screensaver that's what I'm
saying
when they get low attitude well I care
what you say I think my man looks like
that singer of the weekend looking more
like a Monday to me straight girls are
hilarious
back in the day these been five me two
straight weddings because we couldn't
get married so what the [ __ ] what I want
to go watch you do something I can't do
it
no and the answers always no but you
want to make me feel bad what do you
invite homeless people to your house to
watch you eat - this one 1950 I want to
go watch you vote either I know your
little plan invite the gay guy to your
wedding have somebody for your
girlfriend's to dance with understand
but I know me I'll be over in the corner
trying to holla at one of the groomsmen
and your little girlfriend come over try
to [ __ ] block I will knock a [ __ ] out
yes ladies can I give you some advice
from big gage right you ready men are
like action figures collect all them
[ __ ] you know I'm saying
take them all date of all black men I
love black men the only better one black
man two black men white man I've got
plenty of white men not after Labor Day
I love Asian man Asian men are the bomb
they got smooth skin and good credit
black and yellow black and yellow get
laid and get a house I love biracial men
I've never seen an ugly biracial man in
my life ever
I rest on their beautiful right now how
are bragging um but I found out recently
that I - and biracial yeah I'm half
black half african-american my favorite
number one first-round draft pick of all
time the cans I love the cans go out get
you a can you don't say right
Mexican Dominican Puerto Rican you got
brown skin oh you keep my feet no way to
make my head sweat oh my [ __ ] god
Mario Lopez right Mario Lopez that's the
old-school fine right yep he's in shape
he's got like five jobs three kids oh it
is
oh I will be down there longer than a
Chilean miner
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm having to take a picture with you
after the show I don't know why you
would want to do that maybe because
you're like I'm tired of having so much
space in my phone but I say this I mean
it doesn't really apply here but I've
just found that you need to-- you need
to practice taking the picture
you know just practice because it's all
it always leads to me and you know I'm
posing yeah like that and it's usually
the girl and her boyfriend is taking the
picture and you know she gets into that
position that all women get into you
know you have one except one you know
what I'm talking about though you have
that one because you know not only are
women expect you to be beautiful but
also be photogenic and every single
picture that is taken of them they're
also expected to have career as the
enemy mothers because if they're only a
career woman and they don't have a
family than their failure but if they're
only a mother and they're also a failure
so I don't know why they're going crazy
I can't imagine why societal pressures
would lead to literal insanity but it's
always
and their eyes you're always hiding they
have you have to hide one arm I know
some women are laughing and it's I'm sad
because you don't need to do that you
know I've never taken a picture and a
girl's like I don't know take it again
taking in my eye my arm look fat no it
didn't
that's not a real thing no guys no one
is looking there's never been a guy
who's looked at picture me like oh damn
she fine she got them fat-ass Michelin
Man arms oh I like her but uh gonna need
I can't even buy water wind spit around
those fat ass arms yeah couple of spare
tires in a crowbar to get him off but
it's always the boyfriend taking the
picture with her phones and press the
button button on the front press there
went the one that looks like camera
that's the one button you have it
pressed to try that thing anybody he's
so stupid cheated on me in July that's
the bag and it's just me like
[Applause]
[Music]
I've lived here for seven years in
America you're good people
okay I think you need to hear that right
now you're good people you're gonna get
through this it's going to be okay
Christmas is my favorite time to live in
America because that's when people come
up to me and they go oh do you celebrate
Christmas in Australia no now Jesus was
only in the northern hemisphere
[Laughter]
[Applause]
yeah Christ only died for the sins of
those whose toilets flush around that
way and we all know that it's biblical
we all know that yes we have Christmas
you [ __ ] what the hell's wrong with
you should how many people come up to me
in November and go are you going home
for Thanksgiving you're going home for
Thanksgiving
[Laughter]
yeah yeah I'm going back to Australia
where my Australian family get together
around our Australian dinner table and
we thank God America was discovered why
would we do that
what about Independence Day you guys
celebrate Independence Day yeah yes yeah
in Australia we celebrate America's
independence from the British while
we're still under the ruling of the
British it's a [ __ ] weird thing for a
country to do we're very proud of you
America I traveled around your country a
lot of into 38 different states seen a
lot of weird [ __ ]
but I love it it's all good [ __ ] this is
like all that I really knew growing up
although really you let's pretend that's
oh that's a map of the United States
right all that I really knew was LA and
New York and then just [ __ ] question
mark no idea no idea jeez I might rip
that [ __ ] thing off with my brand new
jacket
but my gorgeous new jacket that I'm not
comfortable in it's hilarious no [ __ ]
idea what's going on there still no idea
what's going on I kind of get it again
it's cold up there I get that
and then there's incest down there and
then old people go to die down there and
that's that's it that's all I know about
you country
[Applause]
[Music]
I wanted to play in the NFL that was my
dream I was my dream thank you for
laughing my dream that was my dream and
then I realized I figured it out I
wasn't built for football I was built
for the clarinet like that's what I was
I'm not in an athlete I'm a mathlete
friend I found that out yeah mathletes
not an athlete yeah
we're just not known for it you'll never
and this is sad because you'll never be
at a bar watching a game and have a guy
turn D and go you know what Cowboys
wouldn't wanna had Patel caught the ball
hi guys never it's never gonna happen in
my lifetime that's a sad [ __ ] thing
do we have our own Super Bowl we have
our own our own thing that we are
undefeated 17 years in a row undefeated
better than the [ __ ] Yankees 17 years
in a row it's called The Scripps [ __ ]
Spelling Bee you can't defeat us the
Indians no no can't can't defeat us
We're warriors we're trained at an early
age that's why we're jealous you don't
know this first-generation immigrant
kids parents of children of first
generation are jealous of how kids are
raised in America you don't know this
but were jealous of how you guys are
raised because you have things in your
house that we didn't have like love or
support like you know we didn't have
that one of my brown people that we
didn't have [ __ ] love and support you
didn't even think anybody liked you
until you did something good with your
life you became a doctor like witty
proud of what you've done it till then
it's like shut the [ __ ] up and get
through med school we'll talk about
things later yeah we don't have love and
support [ __ ]
it proved this theory with the spelling
I was watching one year and first of all
I don't even know why white people show
up to the spelling bee anymore I don't
get why you guys stay at home you don't
need to come
because when it gets down to the final
six for the last nine years there's been
no white people there it's just six
shaky Indian kids trying not to
disappoint their parents but I was
watching the spelling bee was adorable
girl was on stage made Brittany right
she didn't spell the word right she gets
eliminated I cut to her mom how did you
feel about Brittany's performance
tonight oh my god
gosh she loves the spell and yet we love
to watch her do it well right there by
her side and it doesn't matter that she
came in 23rd there's a saying in the
Sullivan household 23rd wow that's just
one better than 24 Indian kid gets up to
smell and you could just see his dad you
[ __ ] bastard
you better spell that word or find your
own way home I'll give you a practice
word disowned country of origin India
using the sentence spell that [ __ ]
word you're disowned it's the truth kid
got ups now how many people seen it how
many people seen but I'm talking about
the new kid that passes out there in the
spelling bee have you seen that oh it's
the best thing you'll ever see in your
[ __ ] lifetime I highly recommend now
whenever you get to wherever you're
going today at the end of this when
you're before you before you close your
eyes for beautiful slumber I need you to
get on YouTube and type in Indian kid
Spelling Bee passes out
and your [ __ ] welcome this is a part
of the show where I feel like I'm from
the future
cuz I have changed your lives and you
don't even know it yet I'll tell you
what happens doesn't take away anything
from the video Indian kid gets up to
spell the word nerdy Indian kid now
whatever you think a nerdy Indian kid
looks like that's what this kid looks
like right
he's got the bowl haircut he's got big
round glasses right he's got clothes two
sizes too big for him cousin hey he'll
grow into we're not gonna buy him new
clothes every year what are we
Rockefellers no they give him the word
and I don't know what the word is but
when it registers in his brain that is
when things start to go horribly wrong
and he's trying he's trying he's trying
to maintain that can happen like the
country of origin is Greece
now this leg is like we got this and
this is like we should get going
[Music]
but he listens to this leg and he tries
to maintain now he's got two choices
here he can spell the word or he can
black the [ __ ] out and he chose the
latter I think he died and God just
caught him on his journey to heavens I
got it oh hold on right there holy [ __ ]
I'm looking at your parents they're
[ __ ] pissed
oh my god they're cussing me out they
don't even believe in me hahaha and I
think he whispered how you spell the
word into this kids ear and then shoved
him back in his body
because he comes to and what does he do
he spells the [ __ ] word
do you see the difference between
support and fear support 23rd fear came
back from the dead
[Music]
[Music]
alright guys we got our first act or
tonight and I'm really excited and a
couple people like oh this is sounds
like a good time to piss missing out you
know all right so you yep that's what
this is you got a script you didn't
prepare they've never seen this this is
cold reading that's what that means
right now soon all right so this first
scene you know big fan of this scene uh
you know I obviously created this and
wrote this it might sound familiar but
it's like you know you know it's I was
right what is created this with my own
mind you know I came up with this idea
so in this scene the Joker is being
interrogated by the Commissioner all
right and it's a little scary so I
figured we could softened up the scene
so I always wondered like what it what
it would be like if maybe the Joker was
gay okay why does that soften it up I
feel like I'm gonna get in trouble if I
answer that question yeah so we could
just begin you could go right into it
and we'll let you know how we if we have
any notes for you okay we have like you
know like you actually wrote in this
scene that Joker is being interrogated I
figure we could soften the scene if he
was gay like why is that on here
it's like do you type words to talk
during the day like how are you doing
some weather we're having huh like this
guy kills people for sure he has to
print what he taught us
no I'm just saying so I can remember I
have a knack today on building the show
can't remember everything you listen
you're here for me okay why does it feel
like I'm auditioning for you all right
all right so if you do good you know
we'll see all right so begin whenever
you're ready and I'm the commissioner so
I'm gonna I'll play my role to start
from the body guys this is an actor does
it depress you Commissioner to know just
how alone you really are does it make
you feel responsible for Harvey Dent's
little predicament where is he
you did my line
my only rules there are no rules
Oh we'll take you from that ready yeah
where is it what's the time what
difference does that make
well depending on the talent he might be
in one spot or several if we're gonna go
play games I'm gonna need a cup of
coffees oh the good cop bad cop routine
guys that was great
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I'm a little offensive to people and
when I know I say [ __ ] all time get in
trouble people who marry like it I said
Caitlyn Jenner joke [ __ ] it what
really mad presses at Bruce chattering
who's Bruce Jenner I only know the
beauty amazing talented Caitlyn Jenner
so a woman from the trend it's really
amazing one from the transgender
community approached me after chosen
listen if you make butter Caitlyn Jenner
you should know she's up to the
community and I didn't know either
[ __ ] about what she's up to actually
wrote some stuff down it's pretty
amazing she she donated $100,000 to his
safe house in New York I know she
visited the victim of a hate crime
hospital recently she's going to speak
at the UN next month and she's helping
draft a bill for equal rights for
transgender people who said do you guys
know about this no yeah because it
didn't [ __ ] happen people okay
Caitlyn Jenner hasn't done [ __ ] she's a
Kardashian then we get out the caitlyn
jenner ban well she has even saved the
game kitten from a tree
okay [ __ ] that you know she has done
she's run over people with SUV she's
going to vote for Trump and she opposes
gay marriage did you [ __ ] know that
Caitlyn Jenner opposed I swear to god
she opposes gay marriage Ellen DeGeneres
actually why you posted gay marriage she
goes it's because I'm a traditional girl
you most certainly are not a [ __ ]
traditional world but she's so pretty
she's so amazing a babe
how is she brave she's a 65 year old
woman we should pose and cover Vanity
Fair all airbrushed in the Laker ones in
high-heeled shoes trying look like a 30
year old starlet that's not grade she's
a senior citizen okay
even brave she posed on the cover with
AARP that have been [ __ ] brave if she
transitioned into a woman who actually
looked like a senior citizen
look like my mom sitting on a rascal
scooter okay where needed mom jeans a
big college sweatshirt cover your
diabetes belly a salt and pepper let me
talk to a manager of haircut Easy Spirit
tennis shoes you do power laps around
mall at 9:00 a.m. tipping on an Orange
Julius look for sales for beanie babies
but great leads to go to photograph from
the front tire go hot like a starlet you
should have photograph from the back
with her jump all crunched up to your
legs off buffalo bill son to the lam
style it puts the lotion in the basket
it puts the lotion was good
I don't have any kids that's good right
you guys I'm probably happy to hear that
I I love kids
I love kids I just don't I don't want
any my own but my friends all have them
though they all my friends are still
have a baby some of them we've got a
little babies and [ __ ] and you love to
see them like when I go home to visit
you know like no love like to see my my
friends babies but not at parties I
don't want to see it
at a party the baby I don't like when
people take them there that's weak I
don't want the rest of us we still just
want to drink and do drugs at parties
and I don't want to get high with babies
around I mean I do but I do it it's not
my problem I didn't I didn't bring the
baby I brought the drugs it's it's not
ideal though
you know it's different now I like to
get drunk at the party it is different
now with babies before babies were there
I used to know that I was too drunk with
my friends wouldn't let me drive but now
I know I'm too drunk when they won't let
me hold their baby I'm like but this is
the only time I want to hold your baby
so how are we gonna do this cuz this is
it surberg nope I'm not holding it I
don't want to hold it I love it but it's
just I get too anxious sober to hold a
tiny thing like it's they've tried to
hit me brand new one it's like a newborn
like a 2019 baby crazy what are you
doing you just you just saw me drop my
phone your baby doesn't even have an
otterbox on baby's got no case for Falls
so no I don't want to hold it but if I'm
drunk I loosen up I'm like [ __ ] throw
me that baby
[Applause]
[Music]
so I got married last year and one lady
thank you I love my wife man was cool
sometimes all I wanted to do things I
don't want to do that normal at every
relationship right remember a few months
ago she would like hey the Ballet's in
town the ballet is here we should go I
did not want to go to the ballet I
didn't react we had a normal guy with
normal guy doesn't do something wife
girls and wants to do we're gonna do no
because she sucks I hate that no not
going that's a horrible way to react I
really didn't want to go to the ballet
there's no I got out of it like the
ballet uh yeah the pathways awesome me
and my ex that was our thing
[Applause]
then she was like [ __ ] the ballet
I said okay we don't have to go our
thing can be watching sports now every
Sunday she's like babe gets up here it's
football day you're gonna miss it I'm
liking it makes you happy I'm a pretty
good husband
[Music]
going to the bathroom around other
people's weird I just moved into a
studio apartment my best friend since I
was a little kid help me move in just
him and I alone in a studio apartment he
goes to the bathroom I hear him lock the
door lock the door he thinks after 17
years of friendship all of a sudden at
Tuesday afternoon at 2 o'clock I'm gonna
bust in and be like let me see your dick
right now ever since we were little kids
I always wanted to know you crewneck or
a turtleneck quiero ver lo pablo quiero
ver lo si s mas espanol party ok what la
you haven't asked that guy for weed
after the show what yes I can tell
you're high because you did the Arsenio
Hall thing five seconds after I said
anything about weed I have a
prescription for medical marijuana and
here in Los Angeles you don't even need
a real reason to get it the doctors like
why do you need a prescription for
medical marijuana it's like oh because
my neighbor moved to Burbank I don't
know where else to get any pot from
because everybody smokes I hate when I
go to the store hi but the guy behind
the counter is higher than I am so you
try to buy something and he's like 275
please how much what if I tried to give
it to smoke some Afghani weed I don't
want to smoke an Afghani weed because
people in Afghanistan get stoned to
death
I'm just trying to get to Hollywood and
sometimes they'll smoke before I go into
work and my eyes will be all bloodshot
my boss will yell at me I've got grant
why are your eyes red what's wrong with
your eyes
but he has a lazy eye so what the [ __ ]
is wrong with your eye
I'm over here turn it this way it's like
well this eyes a little bit lazy like
dude that eyes not lazy it's unemployed
because it doesn't work
[Applause]
Trump pulled out of the Accord morality
record okay what pulling out it's a
horrible horrible terrible terrible ball
my flat-pack design that's [ __ ] up
that's a whole thing that's not what we
should get out of I I can't keep track
of all of it I just see Obama five
bikers love the Lord just going from
this boys
this is something like Obama made
everybody very calm no matter what was
going wrong we're gonna do the things
that we know what to do I mean it was
too cool for school I don't care about
your politics and then you would sing he
could really sing we're gonna come
together as a country and they're all
Center bombs like Mitch McConnell's got
a gun in his mouth I thought what's
Trump House Trump gonna follow that
what's he gonna sing the Cook Inlet
but then Lily great some people actually
clap me along the catchiest thing ever
written you can't not dig knit it get it
some brilliant dude in 1965 we need a
song for the atmosphere admit it it just
fits Trump's certain song that just fits
him but eventually he'll sing this one
no one knows what is right to be the bad
man to be the sad man behind orange
comb-over total [ __ ] owes none of these
places as [ __ ] owes that's not the way
Obama with Doc you know what a fact
important prints there's a lack of
indoor plumbing
we've got fecal rivers running through
the city people rivers too much
[Music]
no they got a real life paparazzi I see
who's leaving is the game watching out
for the meeting I'm like Bigfoot
Nichkhun when people see me they freak
them even other celebrities get
surprising hey thanks all I got 10
minutes
damn
it's how I was good I had any material
it's ten steps for [ __ ] every time I
see this backdrop I think about Kramer
[ __ ] up that's why I don't see no
camera phones Elias a nice
because I'm telling you right now but
you know like I'm not wrapped too tight
like they put a lot of that corporate
pressure on me so this might be tonight
you guys be lucky it's like a
meticulously Siegfried and Roy the night
that tiger bit about free downloads
there because that's why we really go to
the tiger show you know you know go to
see somebody be safe with Tigers you go
thinking in the back you man
just [ __ ] might get bit I'd like to see
that in person for $35 if I could there
were scenes I'm gonna get bit by a tiger
before only $35 that's [ __ ] hilarious
I tell the truth when I sing crime was
tape I learned about myself you know I
learned I think I'm only like 20% black
and 80% comedian you know I mean and
that black dudes can relate you know I
mean brother like when you thought I
should he was furious right black dude
me was like Kremlin you [ __ ]
like I was hurt and comedian II was just
like oh I think he's having a bad set
hanging around don't let him break your
creamer
I wish I was there so bad
you know you know the bank was man he
was thinking
I'll get him the next show there won't
be a next show Kramer
whew
give it up Abed leave everybody yeah
okay I don't understand I understand a
lot of advertisements on TV for all
these prescription drug commercials and
they rarely even tell us what the drug
does but they do tell us there's never
been a better time to talk to your
doctor about it never been a better time
to talk to your doctor about ambien
really am I supposed to be at the doctor
and suggest medicines to him then I
can't find anything wrong with you well
can we talk about ambien
I would follow televised instructions
doctor I'm not an idiot it's ridiculous
they hypnotize you into wanting these
drugs my doctor is up like Ben you're
healthy relax I'm like no TV say I need
pill to sleep it's like Ben if you can't
sleep try warm milk you'll get a great
night's sleep as you age you'll have
strong bones you won't get osteoporosis
I'm like no Sally Fields say I can
reverse osteoporosis bony low as I've
been but neither can really affect your
sleep patterns I said yes that's why I
need the Ambu would you be scared about
you shouldn't be allowed to advertise
for drugs with 25 dangerous side effects
to cure small problems ambien helps you
sleep better side effects could include
nausea vomiting sudden inflammation of
the lips nose or face area I'd rather
not sleep that good what is the best
that'll happen you get a great night's
sleep walk around the next day with
puffed out lips like the Octomom
our lips are far too large to raise 14
children can't be done or kids gonna be
like mommy we're hungry she's like I
know baby but my lips are weighing the
gun eat one of your brothers or some
[ __ ]
the hypnotized on these drugs ridiculous
vomiting is an acceptable side-effect
for sleep medicine next day you'd be
like man I don't know what it is Vytas
had to go
sorry just vomited right there this
thing I had a group a great legacy some
of the babies really try is vomit
inducing sleep medicine
hey listen I gotta be honest truth I'm a
hardcore Jersey boy at heart I didn't
even know [ __ ] was a dirty word till I
moved to California did you know that I
thought it was like the word thought you
just say it all the time I got out to
californee people looking at me like wow
you Jersey people curse so much I was
like what the [ __ ] you talkin about
I didn't say [ __ ] who twisted your nuts
lady would talk as I tell you right now
you talk to somebody from New York or
New Jersey and they don't curse while
they're talking to you it's cuz they
don't like you
because to us is a form of love and
passion we go out of a way to express
ourselves so if I was to say to these
guys right now you look good tonight
they know I lied I didn't put no love
here but if I was to say hey you [ __ ]
look good tonight
now you know you do you can tell your
friends tomorrow [ __ ] Googlers name
but I like when rappers get together and
make good music as opposed to killing
each other like I'm not gonna have it my
way I'd like to see four of my favorite
rappers come together and make a song I
have like LL Cool J Snoop Dogg DMX and
my man Jay Z allowed you to intro cuz ll
just got that cool suave voice like LL
seem like he don't even need a woman to
be turned on he just stand in front of
the mirror chest I couldn't turn itself
on like LOB stand in front of mirror
[ __ ] music come on DJ come on kick in
for me yo what's up what's up baby this
[ __ ] man
LL Cool J oh and unlike when you put
vanilla ice cream on your chest let it
melt down to your genitals I got my man
Snoop Dogg's here Mex and jay-z in the
building
spot to be real sexual right now real
erotic baby [ __ ] man ll yo snoop all out
of you one shoot the ring into the folk
Snoop Doggy Dogg taking condoms up the
dope better to get opinion so backin up
grab a kind of cousin ready to [ __ ]
[ __ ] bug heaven three hoses some
gangsta [ __ ] you know how a dog - when
against the pimp we don't sweat cup cuz
we know we can't be faded we just sit
back debate it while getting our hair
braided Nate Dogg Mormon G Dan's anchor
up we go Reptil weed on us while we
throw them things up to sizzle my
missiles and the LP st. you know my
name's lil Niqo double G yo a Shamir dmx
wish my god Zach what's my dawg
uh-huh [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] yeah go on a Jojo
dogs about [ __ ] with me I told your
dogs about cooking with day when it
don't stop
it's mellow but a bite just when you
feel the pain and you head it for the
life so get him set [ __ ] that's just
how a dog do and I won't stop it until a
dog stroke I'll bring the grill still
Betty Oh put that real mill lady
yo jay-z halt Adam talk to me man is she
buying in the building Oh shove over
tell me I told you to games over
I got it knock Oh kill [ __ ] stop it says
that Carter persona made vimana think
you got it night above I'm taking a game
father
I'm Roy what I had and I want to switch
I'm like I turn it what's love when I
pissed if you haven't girl problems out
the bath you son I got 99 problems but a
[ __ ] ain't one
shabooey yo thank you appreciate your
medisoft program
you
I had to fight a target recently over a
parking space and it's got punched me
stole on me this way you ever been hit
this way I ain't even fight back as it
was so original I ain't know what else
he had you know I just start tapping out
on stuff like he learned now that I
should have known he was gonna hit me -
cuz you're scratching the back his head
any time a man scratch the back is here
you're about to get super soccer I
promise you like he was waiting on his
parking space riding this lady old
lady's put stuff on a car and when she
pulled out she backed out this way and I
came out of nowhere
urges park he was like no you not got on
my Chi guys cos I ain't man you need to
move your car like stuff happened I'm
walking in the store you know he
following me no mu Yeol Cobb and waiting
20 minutes I'm like there's no else to
park at I'm not moving my car he was
like move that car like you he was like
you better move that car wow what was
that he was like that's called the bam
bam
you
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below peace what's up
i'ma start out with a little story for
my childhood my dad he caught me smoking
a cigarette when I was like 12 right he
immediately just went and made me smoked
an entire pack of cigarettes right then
and there you know I mean and by the end
I was sick I was throwing up and just
just ever since that day I've been
severely severely addicted to cigarettes
guys I feel I feel like we're all
artists up here right you know all those
comedians up here and there's something
that happened in our childhood that made
us into the artist that we are today so
um I wrote this song about my childhood
and it's called my childhood ready
[Music]
ah
what
it really wasn't that hard guys stop
stop it stop it no actually it was
really easy yeah my my dad this is a
true this is a true story my dad he
would end every night by walking down
our hallway and yelling back to me and
my two sisters we were all in separate
bedrooms that's right it's a four
bedroom house hold and he he would he
would yell back to us he would go you
are the and he had conditioned us to
answer by saying best I don't think you
guys are really grasping how ridiculous
this is our guys so he told me every
night I was the best the best like the
best like according to him I'm better
than you I'm better than you I'm better
than you I'm better than you I'm even
better than him right like it kind of
sounds like something Donald Trump would
say to like his kids right like they'd
be ready to go to bed you'd be like okay
kids here we go you're going to bed okay
you are the they would be like best
you'd be like wrong okay you're not the
best I know so many better people than
you close personal friends of mine
there's Jared
there's Vladimir so many I know so many
I just can't count them on my Bigley
hands there's a big big mistake you guys
made okay Donald Jr you gonna let me
finish Donald Jr Donald June you can let
me finish it's my turn to speak it's my
turn to speak it's my turn to speak it's
my turn to speak it's my turn to speak
it's my turn to speak it's might your
fake news okay the real reason why okay
is because I'm the best okay I'm the
best
you are the best like I feel like what
we should have been saying was you are
the whitest so you know what I mean it's
like my dad was running a white
privilege boot camp I did the second
story of my child at home oh man can I
try I'm gonna do a couple one-liners for
you guys is that cool all right
pitch it's a really mean name to call
someone but it's actually also the
alternative title to the 1998
Nickelodeon cartoon cat dog
my grandpa recently my grandpa recently
he told me that back in the day they
used to describe beautiful women as
built like a brick I'm just
trying to I just trying to come up with
like a more modern way to say that you
know and this way I came up with it's a
built like a postmodern expressionist
Villa with with with big titties you
know what I mean you guys agree I have
another song creak this song is about
comedians and it's called comedians I
guess all right I'll make fun of myself
and point out my flaws I'm not extremely
tall about five nine guys Oh talk about
my dick and what it's like to have one
that is kind of small
I'll ask where you're from I'm gonna
make fun of your hometown hey where you
from what was that Fort Lauderdale I
heard Fort Lauderdale's kind of shitty
by the way how is your mom I just saw
her the other night man that was
super bomb
that's an I banged your mom joke cuz I'm
a pandering comedian I'll do anything
for a laugh ha ha ha ha pandering come
IDI and I'll do better I swear all I
need is more more practice how many
times can I tell you that I did
something just the other day if you add
it all up man I did a lot of last
week you know like I went to the bar I
had sex with a girl I went on a date I
went to the bar again and then again on
black people like to steal things for
this joke in Asian people they can't
drive it's funny cause it's true Jewish
people are really cheap hey but why
people will always thrive don't worry I
can say all that kind of stuff guys
because I'm obviously black even though
it was a long long time ago I'll squeeze
all I can now Dov Jared from Subway the
pedophile stuff well that seems a bit
rocky but maybe if I throw in a little
Bill Cosby you see the thing about
jell-o pudding is that a love pudding my
dick in it cuz I'm a pandering comedian
I'll do anything for a laugh hahahaha
 a pandering comedian I'm sorry
about saying the word pander
comedian
and a pandering comedian just doing the
best he can look guys I made it all
sentimental at the end oh my god he's
talking about himself no he's not
because I'm better than you guys all
right guys I'm out Sam
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I'm not afraid to get married don't you
think I'm afraid to get married my folks
been married 48 years I'm not afraid of
marriage
I'm afraid it's been a 30 grand on a
wedding it's just scared the hell out of
me 30 grand on a wedding then it's a bad
bet okay
50% of first marriages end in divorce
60% of second marriages in the deport
72% of third marriages in the divorce
marriage the only thing you do with the
more you do it the worse you get at it
30 grand on a wedge is like going to
Vegas and playing blackjack and a dealer
gives you a 3 and a 4 you like I'm
all-in I don't think you know how to
play blackjack
that's a blackjack rule book 30 grand on
a wedding scared the hell out of me you
know what I'm okay with it's been in 30
grand on a 30-year anniversary
celebration that I'm okay with because
you spent 30 years you've earned it
right now
we get together and celebrate that [ __ ]
I'm okay with 30 years you're stuck with
her for the long haul you found out
she's a hoarder and keeps man aids in
the sock drawer you love her you like
I'm okay with the Fig Newtons if I'm
underwear I'm cool with that babe you
know 30 years you found out he's a
closet alcoholic and sits in the garage
all weekend drinking whiskey singing the
theme song to 80s TV shows thank you for
being a friend
shut the door Janet
I just think America makes marriage too
easy you don't have to get a degree in
relationships before you get married yes
yes you're gonna be with somebody for
the rest of your life gonna be qualified
right man we shall take classes all the
men in here like quality time class just
sit in the room all day and hate it and
ladies you guys are so naturally great
at relationships you guys would not take
one class it'd be called
silence professor will come here turn on
ESPN and open a beer see how long you
can shut the hell up
Oh perfect I think we should have
divorced in sure wouldn't be cool if we
had divorced in church and your yes
[Applause]
divorce anyway you have to worry about
losing all your money just let me get
insurance I will pay for that [ __ ] I
will pay for divorce in shirt and your
deductible is based on the chances of
you getting a divorce you know what I'm
saying it means somebody would have to
appraise each and every one of us in
here you know I'm saying I said I don't
know you seem like a good dude let's say
you have a hard time keeping a job or
you like [ __ ] porn right like you have
probably on a high deductible you don't
say right ladies you don't like to cook
or give head you know the Ducks would be
through the roof
the geico would not insure that [ __ ] at
all I really live in bliss I do what
dollars pretty get a deer I need
something oh you're drinking
[Music]
you
[Music]
now I watch TV late at night three four
o'clock in the morning I don't even
watch the [ __ ] shows [ __ ] that March
of commercials yeah
Nega the dumb and [ __ ] like what the
[ __ ] is this yo what is that it's even a
guy does too much I got one for the
ladies like the smaller ones that looks
nasty right doesn't look weird
so you hits a little button a little
spritz comes out I'm multitasking love
the commercials you want to catch me
with a commercial he knows you do put a
catchy jingle to that [ __ ] I come from
music you put a catchy jingle on a
[ __ ] commercial I'll buy [ __ ] I
wasn't even thinking about buying we are
farmers bum bum ba ba I need some
[ __ ] insurance
I'll stop driving without no insurance
my pocket hell yeah I'm on a
[ __ ] hot pocket I'm high as
hell
give me two eight six six sixty-six
faster you got the green light oh you
even know what the [ __ ] that's for man
I'll call it every day like [ __ ]
stop calling us
I like you man I don't know I don't know
what what you are exactly there you have
a fur coat on it's near drinking wine
your [ __ ] and a boat away from a rap
video it must be freezing in your car
like I can only imagine like what
[ __ ] decision-making skills this this
is why you're single that's why you're
single because no woman would let you
are you wearing the [ __ ] fur coat
then you're going by your goddamn salva
wha I'm sorry I didn't date a hip-hop
star I date a paintball referee that's
why you're hysterical then what's your
name
Erin Eric no I'm not gonna do that I'm
not gonna call you nacho that's you're a
[ __ ] mystery do you understand that
like that's why women are so attracted I
can't figure him out his name is Eric
but he goes by a nice ballpark snack
he's wearing a fur coat he drinks wine
so he's sophisticated I don't know
what's going on call you nacho why
that's what the family calls you what
[ __ ] movie are you out of our we are
wreaking Punk'd right now seriously this
can't be this guy cannot be real like
you cannot be like there's no way and
you look oddly like Richard Ramirez
which is so frightening are you laughs
what's your last name Fernandez hey I
got you buddy yeah sure does buddy sure
didn't get to see a lot of dad did you
okay
it's fantastic that's what the family
calls me
nacho well you need new family because
they don't like you I'm just gonna
[ __ ] call I was up a hot dog what do
you wanna call them no fried pickles
[ __ ] call nacho he'll go with it are you
gonna throw that shitty fur coat away
now give it to him real word
why people really need to stop asking
black people to go camping we don't want
to go on behalf of me and Tyrone here we
don't want to [ __ ] like why would I
know could we just talk about this all
the time but why would we want to leave
the comfort of our own bed to sleep on
the ground in a bag that's made out of
other bags in the place where the
animals are not afraid of humans this is
stupid
you always have that one guy come on
bring it in experience the wilderness
I'm like I'm from Africa I've
experienced enough come on bro you need
to be one with nature
okay what kind of camping are you
talking about cabins hotel motel no
we're doing tensed he's like why's
occurs the black people die first
what no that's your sales pitch cootie
what if I'm in a tent I need to use the
bathroom in the middle of the night I
come out of the tents I see a bear what
do I do
he's like you just zip it up and go back
to sleep bro
really and the Bears gonna be like I was
gonna eat you but you're zipped up I'll
come back tomorrow it's not gonna happen
do you really think black people would
die first in a horror movie situation
you want to know why here's the secret
people black people are [ __ ]
I'm sorry Tyrone we are let a gunshot go
off in this room right now see how fast
the entire out of this [ __ ] room okay
we'll leave all the white people to look
for clues and [ __ ]
it is defense mechanisms when I hear a
dog from far I don't wait to see what
dog it is I come out of my house
beautiful day roof walk that going back
inside bro I don't have time
i'm on baby watch i'm on baby watch yeah
yeah my my girl's having a baby yeah
yeah yeah yeah
thank you thank you you guys you guys
are a lot happier than i was when i
found that out i was like god damn it
because we weren't trying we weren't
trying proactively we weren't really
like i mean we were like we was trying
but we wasn't
like because we don't wear condoms
because like
come on now really like
it's 20 21 which we wearing condoms
we're like i i don't wear a condom
because i think if you and the person
you have sex with if your h equals 70
you don't have to wear a condom okay all
right
i'm talking like 35 and 35 not 59 and
11. okay that is
you don't need a condom with an 11 year
old anyway um
oh i know you guys know who you were
coming to see it's okay these are my
people they laughed at that they're like
pedophilia oh man
so yeah we weren't wearing condoms and
like we had a moment of bliss and i
asked i asked i'm a gentleman i'm asking
like yo can i and she was like yes and
i'm glad she said yes because i had
already done it like two minutes before
if a guy always if he asked can he do it
he did it already okay
it's like a kung fu movie like he's just
like he's a little delayed you know what
i mean it was like can i do it and i'd
already done it so thankfully
she said yeah she was like yes i was
like oh my god we had a moment and i was
like this is a little bit irresponsible
because we don't want children and so
the next day
we took a plan b yeah yeah she took one
i took one two because i was just like
i just got to make sure
that we don't have this baby
and then like a few months like nine
months like a couple weeks went by and
there was no period and then like two
more weeks went by it was all period so
i started doing like a period rain dance
where i was like please come please come
please come it never came sir it never
came because like everyone hates a
period until they don't have a period
oh you're period it's not like then
you're like where the [ __ ] is your
period like where is it
so i was like okay
uh we probably should take a pregnancy
test and let's take one on my birthday
so i was like we're gonna take one of my
birthday
that way i'll be happy either way okay
that's what i said i was lying okay so i
so we took a pregnancy test we took four
we took four pregnancy tests and they
all came back pregnant so she was super
pregnant uh yeah i got swept i got swept
i got swept four and oh i swept right
into responsibility oh man
[Music]
you
my wife always shot test my love - she
asked me recently if I would take a
bullet for her and the thing with that
first for one is she runs with a pretty
rough crowd
so yeah it's probably gonna happen I
told her yes though but honestly no
reason I said yes was because like I
don't know how fast the bullet is you
know exactly right but it's pretty fast
like you don't hear a gun go off and
you're like oh she could over there and
get him from that all right all I'm
gonna do is like I'll be over here and
then she'll get shot so then once she
goes down I just gonna dive like right
after
so I'll died then I'll be like did I get
it I'll fill around and I know her all
right we've been together long time
she's will be pissed about it and she's
like no you didn't get it like you get
nothing I'm like all right so in a fight
now I think all right well maybe that
wasn't reasonable to ask me to do
everything that's been unrealistic all
right
how fast could I possibly be if you want
to ask a realistic question of your
spouse to protect you you should be like
hey would you take a sword for me that's
much more realistic you're going to see
a sword if you ever get stabbed by a
sword you knew you were near a sword for
at least half an hour
no one pulls the sword out you're like I
know you had that sword know everybody
we all knew all rights or people are the
worst
you guys may have noticed that I'm
unusually large for a homosexual I am
not certain why this is the case my
current working theory is that once my
parents realized I was going to be gay
they figured they might as well raise
the largest one in the county if they're
not getting grandchildren out of the
deal at least they could get a
blue-ribbon I mean the the portion of
the Republican Party I have the most
problem with is the the libertarian Tea
Party movement for two reasons first of
all tea bagging is not a political
movement it is a beautiful expression of
love between a nut sack and a man's face
I'll show you later and second of all
what are libertarians saying they're
essentially saying hey wouldn't it be
cool if no one were in charge and I
cannot respect a political philosophy
there's also the plot of don't tell Mom
the babysitter's dead there are some
social conservatives who think that
fetuses are alive an abortion is murder
and I disagree because I think if that
were true you would hear about a lot
more haunted vaginas
did you queef no I have a poltergeist
thank you that was brilliant acting to
anything there are some advantages to
being a gay man in our society we get to
be friends with black women for no
reason no one understands why it works
it's just too strong flavors that go
well together like sea salt and dark
chocolates there are some advantages to
being a gay man in our society no one
expects me to like Kings of Leon
there's too much information out there
back Liz what's happen everything's
backfiring on us it's backfiring on us
one of the reasons it's backfiring on us
is because there's so much information
out there that somebody can be factually
wrong about something factually wrong
and they can Google an article that will
support that they're right okay because
that's how much information is out there
so nobody's wrong ever
you're all right all the time about
everything it's dangerous I feel like
these younger generations growing up
thinking that they're open-minded but
they're really closed-minded and they're
becoming stubborn and they don't want to
be told what's right and wrong it's not
it's not good you know there's nothing
worse than a close-minded person thinks
they're open-minded I'm gonna tell you
the worst the most stubborn the hardest
to deal with the worst person on planet
earth and I don't even care if I a lien
ate some of you the worst person on
planet earth and I don't want to deal
with any of them I want them all out of
the country I don't care it's gonna get
weird I don't care the worst person on
planet earth 24 year old white girls I
hate you
[Laughter]
if there was a forever 24 I would burn
it to the ground what happens to you I
don't know what happens when you hit 24
but between 24 and 28 you lose your mind
for a little bit you recalibrate again
around 28 and you become manageable and
it's fine
prior 24 you're fun you're smart it's
great I don't know what it is do you hit
24 you lose knowledge I don't know if
society's putting a lot of pressure on
you maybe you just want it you want to
prove yourself you want to find out
where it where it is that you are you
want to have a voice you want to be
heard
I don't know you ever try to argue with
the 24 year old white girl have you ever
tried to do it for real have you try to
do it they think they know everything
they know nothing and all of their
iPhone screens are cracked for some
reason
[Applause]
how old are you guys you're 20 are
you're 21 okay you're cool you're in the
couple more years not gonna want to deal
with you though but
[Music]
you
it's a TV show called intervention man
and I love watching this show and if you
don't know what interventions about let
me set this one up for you all right
intervention is a TV show where one
person decides another is having
entirely too much fun so they decide to
round up four or five of their other
boring-ass friends and put this to a
stop and like I said I watch this show
because often times I feel like I got a
little bit of a drug problem
last week I spend 130 bucks on weed was
like man I gotta get my [ __ ] together
but then I watch the intervention and
one guy was like hi suck dick for vodka
now I was like man I got my [ __ ]
together y'all hell I just found out I
could save 130 dollars I've been doing
addiction all wrong I merrily don't know
if you guys are mad at the joke or mad
at the price the rest assured this is a
three figure mouth don't tell you so
sure
thank you sorry that's a guy he pointed
that me like a damn right son tell about
looking there there's another TV show I
love to watch because part of me is a
silly hillbilly and another part of me
made it to we blow in Boy Scouts it's a
TV show called naked and afraid all
right some of y'all think you can do it
too and if you don't know what naked
afraid's about I'll explain it to you
real quick it's a show where they take
one person or take two complete
strangers and they strip them down but
hold naked and drop them off in the
middle of the wilderness to survive for
21 days right and they each get to bring
one tool like sir right here what one
tool would you bring with you an axe
okay what about you sir what would you
bring a Leatherman and that's why you
bring an axe in case your [ __ ]
partner breeze 11 now what do we find a
really small Phillips head out here we
gotta twist out
[Laughter]
man get out of whatever car he's driving
you know I think about this stuff all
the time guys like cuz I really want to
be on the show you know what I mean I
think about I'd bring a knife or I'd
bring a pot so you can boil water hell
I'd even bring a bug net right keeps the
bugs off of you handy and go fishing
like I think about this stuff all the
time guys cuz I really want to be on the
show but I'm also really scared to be on
the show and the thing that scares me
the most is me it's me being naked on
national television right because I'm
worried it for the first time in the
history of cable television they're
gonna have to blur out a man's titty cuz
I'm too fast
oh but it does not violate some shoulder
and declaration like that knows insert
now the FCC is like that's more than
four inches we got to put some pixels on
our video and what makes it twice as
embarrassing as my belly hangs low
enough they wouldn't have to blur out my
dick so I think the one tool I would
bring with me would be a t-shirt
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
so I was on I was on a city bus about I
think this was 17 days ago for
accuracy's sake I was on the bus in rush
hour and I just packed like
shoulder-to-shoulder and I had like an
hour long trip ahead of me so I figured
you know it's really quiet and awkward I
figured I would just strike up a
conversation with someone you know just
kind of help pass the time and there was
this older lady just kind of sitting off
to my right and she had one of those you
knows like metallic balloons on a stick
she had one of those and it said it's a
girl on it right so as like oh that's
nothing to talk about
so I just leaned over to her and and I
said oh congratulations you know and she
was like startled you know I'm sure
wasn't expecting a stranger to start
talking to her and she's like what and I
just like pointed at the balloon it's
like Oh congratulations and she's like
oh it's it's not mine you know right and
I was like oh well who's you know whose
balloon is it okay and and she was like
oh oh no no the the balloon is mine but
not the baby right and and then I was
confused and I was like oh what baby you
know what I looked around thinking it
might be in the balloon I didn't know
and and she's like oh the baby that the
balloon is about sorry what were you
congratulating me for and you dumb at
this point I'm like oh I was just you
know congratulating you on your female
balloon it says they're donut it's a
girl you know and and she's like oh oh
no no the balloons not a girl the baby
is and I was getting so frustrated with
the conversation I just took my pen out
I just popped the balloon
she freaked out she's like what the hell
did you do that for is like don't worry
there's not a baby in it and she calmed
down calm down
thank you guys you've been great okay
this is what I didn't do for my birthday
everybody did you get drunk I didn't get
drunk for my birthday I only been drunk
twice in my entire life twice got drunk
for the first time when I was thirty
everybody left how did you make it to 30
and never drink quite simple I have a
very vivid imagination and what happens
is before I do anything I play it out in
my head I'm very over in a little bit
and if I don't like how it end up here I
won't do the [ __ ] in real life for
anytime somebody offered me a drink I'm
like no I'm cool they like why I said
because I'm just get you know I'm scared
I'll get drunk and end up sleeping with
somebody but I don't want to sleep with
but for some reason I would never make
it a person that I would end up sleeping
with I always made it a horse now I
can't explain the horse part I just
would it was enough for me to not want
to drink cuz anytime somebody will offer
me anything up you wanna drink I'm like
no I'm cooling why I said because I'm a
good drunk end up sleeping with a horse
and this is weather and this is how I
play it out of my head someone offered
me a drink I don't know how to stop I
keep drinking I keep drinking I get
drunk and I pass out and I wake up at
some random hotel at like 5 o'clock in
the morning and the police kick my door
open and they like freeze did you have
sex with that horse right there and I'm
like I don't know there were a lot of
horses here last night
and I'm like how did y'all even find me
they like we saw the video on YouTube
I'm like who recording me having sex
with a horse and how many views does it
have and then like that's not our
business get your clothes on because
you're going to jail and just my luck
the horse is underage so now its
statutory bestiality and I go stand
before a judge and the judge is like we
don't even know what to charge you we'll
just go to jail until we figure this
[ __ ] out now I'm in jail with killers
gangsters and drug dealers and my cousin
and everybody and they all has to be the
same thing what the [ __ ] are you in here
for
and I gotta try to make my crime sound
tough something like yeah I slept with
an underage horse what [ __ ] and they
immediately demoted by saying oh this
dude [ __ ] some pony and I'm like no
wasn't a pony that sound bad it was a
full-grown horse she had a mane and
horseshoes and had a saddle and raised
on the weekends now my nickname in jail
is the my little pony [ __ ]
and that ain't gangster so to keep
people from breaking me I tell them I
got hoof-and-mouth disease
so when I get out of jail all my friend
like yo let's go to the racetrack I'm
like dude I can't a part of my probation
is I got to be within 100 feet of the
board so I can't go to the racetrack I
can't ride a merry-go-round I can't even
drive a Mustang like my whole life is
[ __ ] up I know a lot of y'all it ain't
yourself he really took that too far but
you'll never see me on Maury having an
argument with another horse about
whether or not that's my [ __ ] centaur
oh damn you goddamn corner
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
I realized as well I realized as well I
need to get new friends I just need to
get a whole crop of friends new friends
because my friends are all obsessed with
mega Markel and Prince Harry in the
wedding and everything like that and
they call me up in there like torrents
did you see the Royal Wedding did you
see the Royal Wedding and I'm like no
and then they're so disappointed and
then I realized oh my friends think I'm
a lot gayer than I actually am like like
for for a gay guy like you know what I'm
saying like you know like like I'm on
the bottom I mean I don't want the
bottom I mean like you know I mean like
like I'm basic you know you know I'm
just I'm just pretty basic
I don't do hair I don't do makeup or
whatever I don't I'm just pretty basic
you know I'm just pretty basic about
things so I had to sit my friends down
and I had to explain the levels of gatum
like in the gay world I am what you call
a gay Walker I'm explaining it
I'm explaining sorry to cut off you
laughs that's better that's better okay
so okay so you don't like it up in the
books with the vampires a vampire that
can go out in the daytime it's called a
daywalker I'm a gay I'm a gay man that
doesn't suck dick yes I am a gay Walker
sir I'm just as shocked as you are about
this whole thing
I don't like the taste of it I don't
like the smell of it it's not my brand
like I mean I'll suck it in a pinch or
whatever like that you know but you know
what I hate about I hate the
conversation that goes with sucking dick
because and ladies you all know what
this is all about because of the fact
that it goes like this
you like that dick you like that dick
and then we got go mm-hmm I got time for
those games now to tell you the truth I
don't even like this Mike being this
close to my face and on a lighter note I
don't like hot dogs and bananas so there
could be a correlation my name is Joyce
Hill thank you nothing great
[Music]
was [ __ ] what are you guys what what are
you what what are you guys max what
Latino what the [ __ ] are you guys
what what is this and we are aliens from
Mars that is what it is hey are you
Mexican it depends who you ask my friend
the talking about are you what what are
you what the from the the racist white
chick Asian so just every minority is
all Asian to you you're Asian just like
the guy behind me he's black
this delay a mother by agent I got here
with no scratches on my car
oh let's get that uh what else you guys
want to talk about this is fun
where you guys from the white dude I'm
not even doing work right now like we're
you guys from they all went to get it
cut it off they all did it together like
they're like hey you know if anybody
asks us where we're from you got to be
on that ship you know that right
you just got to be like uh Canada all
right so what else one more thing and
then I gotta go
what are you latina what is that [ __ ]
you are right talk about this [ __ ] okay
chill out man
see girls just saying [ __ ] there you go
no dude said [ __ ] this is just like
what's up huh chicks like talk about me
hey
you
I see the time drugs what everyone's
like yeah I know we're surprised that
you said you still Raja College I had
some buddies who were like hey JC we're
going over to Todd's dorm tonight we're
all going to take acid then we're going
to watch the movie An American Werewolf
in London do you want to go I was like
you had me an acid got over to Todd's
dorm we all took acid waiting for it to
kick in and then we put this horror
movie into the DVD player we start
watching it one of the guys becomes
increasingly paranoid that the
combination of the film and the drugs is
going to turn him into an actual
werewolf he stands up and he alerts all
his right guys think I'm about to turn
into a [ __ ] werewolf but I got to
take these Jordans off first cuz they're
brand new and then just totally started
taking off the shoes now his paranoia
started to bleed into the rest of the
room soon enough all of us are now
convinced that we are going to turn and
the werewolf so everyone just starts
stripping all their clothes off just a
dorm room full of college-age dudes
taking all of their clothes like nah
dude I want to stretch it out when I
turn I'm a virile big werewolf arms me
being Who I am a [ __ ] I called 911 I
got on the phone with a 9-1-1 operator
and I said this into the phone away
hello me and my friends are on a whole
bunch of drugs and we're all about to
turn into werewolves and without
skipping a beat the woman on the other
end of the phone goes honey tonight's
not the full moon
[Applause]
and then I just hung up on them we're
going to be fine guys we dodged a real
silver bullet
[Music]
it takes a lot for me to get starstruck
but this next guy he's in my favorite
Olive Garden commercial give it up her
Ben Begley everybody I'm the guy who
says you do the math I'm doing the
Alfredo so if any of you want to just
beat the [ __ ] out of me in the parking
lot I will not be offended by that how
we doing laughs factory hello ladies
oh my god the female orgasm is amazing
they should do a special unlike Animal
Planet about it I watch that for hours
it's fantastic you know you can have
multiple orgasms give it up for multiple
orgasms it's like four girls in the
house it's heerd for that the rest of
like I don't have multiple orgasms their
boyfriends were like dude she'd never
heard of that you [ __ ] [ __ ] you
know how late I'm gonna have to stay up
tonight no yet no oh Jesus it's like a
it's like the Contra code you can never
figure it out
Oh am i kidding I know the Contra code
backwards and forward
that's the smoothest I've ever been on
stage now but I'm jealous of your
orgasms there's women they orgasm like
machine guns it's just like put it at
reload put it at screen low but it's
real abundant reload sometimes they're
like oh okay
reload guys were more like American
revolutionary style muskets takes about
thirty five minutes to load Saku Saku
Saku Saku Saku then maybe three seconds
to fire sorry and another 35 minutes to
load the ku-ku-ku-ku oh not the tip it's
sensitive no not that sensitive trust me
the Kuntz slower ah then maybe three
minutes the fire and sometimes you're
like I don't know why this is jam this
never happens I swear I didn't use it
today why would I use it I have you I
don't look at porn oh come on it's just
just don't touch it first I can just
leave it alone just don't touch it okay
[Applause]
I wasn't a long-distance relationship
those don't work out right you don't see
the person all the time and she was she
was we fought a lot of stupid stuff
what's that ladies are you laughing at
him single night when lonely and I get
it I appreciate that now what was that
what was the chuckling about oh yeah
yeah or she could shut up and let me
continue my said yeah so we've got two
options we've got two options tonight
but at least we know at least you know
like what are you know it's always good
to have options yeah what happened what
about it was you doing fine yeah oh
Jesus yeah I really bought that yeah no
I'm fine right now
it's everything's good it's a hurt it's
great I didn't bring it up out of
nowhere because I'm crazy
yeah it's talk you could get through it
though right Skype maybe
yeah Skype is great but guess what
skypes not even as good as the real
thing that's a problem with my
girlfriend I we do it she you know she
do something really hot like hold her
boobs together for five minutes yeah it
turns out the computer just froze uh I'm
still jerking off cuz I miss her I don't
miss a little a few things alright
little things always trying to cover up
your fart in front of the ladies that's
nerve-racking you know what I'm talking
about buddy you're doing it right now
look at that tense look on your face I
don't know what you're talking about
I do you still try to cover him up and
just let him fly this point no you're
comfortable you just take it or leave a
[ __ ] just yeah
early on though man fellas that's a
moment you know cuz you don't know how
she's gonna react to what's coming out
of you so all fellas we try to approach
for as long as possible right every dude
in here at some point is trying to cover
up a fart
by timing it with a cough right the
first ones a lot to ask out of your car
fellas all right to cover up the sound
and the smell at the same time and your
fart knows you're up to something always
hangs back for a few extra seconds just
to screw with your timing right you feel
coming on you get all cocky you're like
yeah I got this
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] man [ __ ] we're on the
same team I don't know why you're
bailing on me in this together man but
ladies you guys can't cover em up cuz
you don't know where they're coming
right usually catch you off guard did
you start crying it's very traumatic
guys we plan our weeks around him why we
can feel him brewing for years you know
do my lover ones like with a toy on
Friday my ex tried to cover before once
it was the most adorable thing I've ever
seen in my life
first of all your farts half the time
they don't even sound like them that's
why you get away with it that's why
nobody thinks you do it it's just they
don't even sound like they're just a
sweetest little most innocent adorable
noises just how can you get angry at
that what a hot air balloon just take
off
no way so here's what here's how she
tries to cover it up but it was the most
impressive move I've ever seen by human
being it couldn't been anybody else just
her and I sitting there watching TV and
she is she farts and here's how she
tries to cover it up you know literally
just ready hello hello hello is somebody
at the hello
looks like oh yeah that's right I forgot
we installed that bugging fart doorbell
a couple weeks ago how can I forget the
pitch at Home Depot was so impressive
you're really gonna like it man sounds
like a fart and everything yeah it's
really great yeah
he's pressing there goes like a foot you
know what a fart sounds like she's like
oh my god did you hear that I'm like no
I heard it uh she's coming out of a
different direction than you're looking
if you're in a bar not a club and you
order more than one great goose are you
now ordering great geeses Tyrell like
this [ __ ] wouldn't serve me last night
I thought yeah let me get five great
gooses [ __ ] it give me a flock of vodka
I just walked up in here like I can't I
get up I get a beer like a but wise or
something and uh Grey Goose with
cranberry juice that's my drink right
there
I like great cranberry Grey Goose and
cranberry juice that's like that's my
[ __ ] cuz you were able to get [ __ ] up
and clean your system out at the same
time I like to stay even when I get
[ __ ] up like I found out fish's brain
food it enhance your brain cells and
that's good to know because I we kill
your brain cells but I eat some fish at
every joint I should be even than the
[ __ ] right I might just stop
smoking fish
that's the middleman out yo I just found
out something recently that women are
[ __ ] crazy just found that [ __ ] out I
did I just girl come over my house is
[ __ ] and like it was like like I was
trying to be a gentleman you know what
I'm sayin and I know now [ __ ] these
jokes come on that's just gonna make it
more gonna make more funny no I had a
girl in my house and uh it was like
foreign where she she was there like
that midnight but it was like 4:00 in
the morning I was being a gentleman like
it's too late for the driver Steve she
wanted like you know just stay here so I
was like yo you want to spend the night
I just I get you a t-shirt or something
she's like are you just trying to [ __ ]
ain't you I'm like nah anytime functions
like yes you are so sick of man playing
me that way I'm just sick of that [ __ ]
but tonight I'm gonna flip that [ __ ]
imma treat you the way men treat women
and [ __ ] if you want to [ __ ] let's [ __ ]
just push me on the bed and got on top
of me it's just not [ __ ] me and I was
like I want it like that and she was
like shut the [ __ ] up
issues like now I'm greater play
playstation for two hours and she was
like I'm going to leave and I never
coming back and I'm thinking to myself
this [ __ ] don't know how awesome this
is right now I'm like you're gonna call
me issues I [ __ ] you I was like I'm
gonna marry this hole right here marry
this [ __ ] here what's the party
people
i'm comedian Ranji do you think that
videos the lyrics feel free to like
share and comment on the video below or
you can see us live at Hollywood Long
Beach Reno and then you don't block your
blessing oh yeah
I'm a comic full-time I've been a comic
full-time for like 13 years prior to
that I was a cashier at Whole Foods I
worked there for a total of one day yeah
that's right you've been to Whole Foods
you worked there for one day amazing
what's your name
Jamie oh my god amazing what Jamie you
have two eyes in your name I don't
[ __ ] care no one [ __ ] cares I
don't [ __ ] care
no one [ __ ] cares Wow two eyes in
your name right oh my god that's
incredible are you from the East Coast
are you from Jersey
are you really I don't [ __ ] care no
one [ __ ] cares sing with me audience
to prove it
no one [ __ ] cares oh my god it was so
good to talk to you can I do my [ __ ]
joke now I love you you're so pretty
as I said I worked at Whole Foods for
one day and I was a cashier and I got
fired because I was being a cashier and
a woman came in around like close to the
end like right around like 10 o'clock
she was mid-30s she shows up and I'm
working the cashier and she's got a
bottle of red wine and a cucumber and I
was like well we've all been there
so here's the funny thing about abortion
it's gonna be that kind of asset if
you're offended by talking about
abortion you should have been offended
when Tim Tebow did it Tim Tebow was the
quarterback the University of Florida
he had a Superbowl commercial about
abortion before they had ran a lot of
people were like what's Tim Tebow going
to say about abortion I had a slightly
different reaction I was like who the
[ __ ] cares what Tim Tebow has to say
about abortion he was the quarterback
for the University of Florida is that
who a young lady consults before she has
an abortion has that happened one time
in human history like should I keep my
baby well what would a quarterback do in
this situation likely get a girl
pregnant ask her to get an abortion but
a quarterback would do but the edge said
that if Tim Tebow had been aboard he
never won the Heisman Trophy and that
part I agreed with that's on a salable
logic how do you I mean it's probably
not gonna happen it may be you know what
maybe one day an aborted fetus will win
the Heisman maybe that'll happen that's
possible that's the ultimate underdog
story like we would all root for the
fetus like you got to admit it wouldn't
matter what team you played for Michigan
root for Ohio State would be like Oh
fetus it'd be so exciting right be like
he's got such a great arm the other one
is like a little half of one but you
only need one to be in the league right
you only need one
and that's why Tim Tebow is not in the
league anymore but the point is the ad
said that if Tim Tebow that because he
won the Heisman it was a good decision
he wasn't aborted not because he grew up
to be a good person not because he grew
up to have a loving family but because
he won the Heisman Trophy that made a
good decision he wasn't aborted and
here's the issue I had with that and who
else won the Heisman OJ Simpson so how
about we wait a while before we make
that decision because he aborted to
other people and
at most it's a one-for-one trade
[Applause]
how you doing good to see ya
so I'll let you guys know right off the
bat I wear hearing it I got them in both
ears they are fake I got them for comedy
and I was running low on material so now
they're the real I've had them since I
was four years old I'm deaf man I'm I'm
hard of hearing
I'm not full deaf of course I've had
full on deaf people get mad at me for
calling myself deaf they've come up to
me after shows like you're not deaf
you're hard-of-hearing we're death
you're not I don't want no trouble here
you know I'm just a couple dead
batteries away from being on your team
okay come on come on we got to stick
together I didn't realize I didn't
realize there's like a beef between the
deaf and hard-of-hearing community
a quiet bee but I like to mention it at
the beginning of a show that I wear
hearing edge because if I don't I can
tell people some people see them and
they're distracted and it takes away
from my other jokes I'll be trying to
tell a joke about like my crotch or
something you know and I can see people
are looking at my hearing aids and my
guys come on my couch is down here okay
show a little respect
trying to get into shape I'm eating
better in 2020 it's been good I've
gotten into more exercising weird
exercises I'm trying to take up speed
walking for real I'm getting into it's a
weird motion man I love speed walking I
used to hate on for real I'm doing it
around the neighborhood I look like a
weirdo but I don't like Ronon it hurts
so it's like maybe speed walking to take
speed walking is a great sport because
it's the only sport where if you push it
too hard it turns into another sport you
know so I've got to be careful you got
it every other sport you're trying to
push it 110 percent speed walking you
cap it at 99 you don't go too hard now
you're jogging you know what I mean I'm
cutting down on weed I haven't smoked
since the beginning of the year so 100
days sober and
I was getting tired of the dispensaries
it's too easy to get weed now completely
legal
I missed the good old days you know when
I had to go meet some random dude and
you know I mean I got high on the fear
that's what I was getting high I had to
get into the passenger seat of his 97
Pontiac Sunfire I didn't know who the
hell this guy was I I knew there was a
50-50 chance I was gonna be getting
oregano after this son of a gun you know
now you go into these dispensaries at
two like it's like an Apple store it's
all streamlined and [ __ ] they're still
asking me medicinal questions even
though it's legal for recreational
reasons they're still like so what kind
of a strain are you looking for you
looking for something that helps with
anxiety or you have an muscle pain like
yeah I've really been dealing with this
ailment lately where I'm I'm not as high
as I'd like to be there we go bothering
me
[Music]
I wish that I could do my own
introduction you know but comedians are
not allowed to do that the only people
in showbiz that get to do their own
intros rappers which is why they have
the best intros they're in charge right
I was on YouTube and I saw this rapper
they put the camera on him and the guy
goes what's good he should boy critical
shout-out to Rocksteady Vanguard yo dub
grande Tom seven based mentality
extended playas real talk big up seven
one eight ground zero hype crew l
krookodile philly Swain beat house fresh
coast king in a dot let's go how much
better is that than give it up for Pete
Guerra card you know I mean like I wish
I could get on stage at a stand-up show
grab the mic no host no intro and just
be like what's good it's boy Pete
Guercio shout-out to my Volvo 240 Kaiser
Permanente Joe's Crab Shack my
humidifier big up Brookstone
Boy Scouts of America crew my
dehumidifier big up Brookstone shoutout
mathletes National Honor Society and
SkyMall yeah what's up to the big three
claritin Alegre and zyrtec yeah shout
out to Costco Nick at Nite dollar store
off-brand cheese puffs gmail my memory
foam pillow and cinnamon toast crunch
let's go
[Applause]
it's hard being a man we don't
understand that as a man you got to be
tough every situation you can't be tough
in like this summer I don't know what
happened this summer but the couple the
spiders collectively had a meeting they
say we go have random spider webs all
over the city I don't know what it is
but it was so many random spider webs
they walkways this this someone like and
a ribbon spider web is the worst thing a
confident man can walk into so you walk
is confident you walk it on guard you
like this and then you're waiting to see
what it's fighting that's what this is I
walked into your home I ruined your
day's work I know you want to bite me
where you at you got to be tough you got
to be tough and the only thing we get in
certain scary moments and I and I and I
the time is man up that's you got and
indeed a little moment it'll be nothing
big it should be little man moans when
you bite yourself look at your tough bed
right now you know exactly what I'm
about you've been in the basement and
the light switches over there but it's
dark you try to man you walk through but
the last uh always got a monster attack
of the darkness good things like save me
I was trying to be tough but in the
middle it got a little scary out there
having good because the light oh it
happened when you by yourself maybe
little moments little moments away just
you just get a little uh tough
you're in the shower naked house empty
until as soon as you put the soap on
your face to wash your face you hear
something outside the shower not even
then trying to be tough
wet and vulnerable at the same time
hey I shot with a gun [ __ ]
now you tiptoeing out the shower but
Nikita
[Music]
that's not how you want to add up on the
first 48 that daddy that is not the
crime scene you want to land a bone on
the first foot he was sweat and did with
a plunger
I can see scared of the dark in his face
I can see
[Music]
I'm learning about women stop asking a
woman how many people she had sex with a
it's not your business and be she's not
gonna tell you the truth cuz all women
have people that don't count them they
head they all women start dismissing
dicks when you ask them that they have
dicks that don't count
like if it was two smaller didn't count
it'll last longer didn't count I didn't
feel nothing it didn't count it's like a
mad proplast sex with ten guys I only
fill three I've only had sex no [ __ ]
still ten guys we don't do that we count
everybody remember the [ __ ] with no
neck I took her down [ __ ] in a
wheelchair I rolled over there right I
got that you ever asked your girl how
many people she had sex with and you can
see her starting dismissing dicks off
her face like right front like watch my
hand it go like this no you ever see her
real in the best sex she ever had in her
life like writing from your face
[Laughter]
I feel like this every man we all want a
freaky woman need you understand that we
all want you to be the freakiest woman
we could think of we don't have to watch
porn you want you to do that but here's
the catch don't let your freak out too
soon I don't let out the first day but
let us think we teaching you something
it's for our ego we want to think you
haven't done that with everybody else
you're mean so like when you down there
like just say sue she's like oh my god
I've never juggled balls like this just
say it like we know you have but it's
for our pride like when you going down
when I was just like play the game it's
for a purpose like that like that okay
like that oh okay like that we know the
back of your head like I've been sucking
dick since 98
you think he teaching me something
I hate when women fight for a double
standard that doesn't make any sense I
hate what I hear women say this I don't
understand why he could have sex
wherever he wants you but if I do it I'm
a ho that's a double standard then I'm a
ho well you know what those are just the
rules well why are you fighting for that
double standard I mean I guess there's a
woman your reputation is really
important because all you have your
reputations like your credit so you
don't your louis MO he's too got to keep
your dignity and i mean just like real
credit you came by car if you got bad
credit you came by a house you got bad
credit
yeah real bad credit came to get a
[ __ ] cell phone it needs to be
relationship credit to if you was a ho
in 2010 you can't date me in 2012 your
hole hasn't cleared yet it takes seven
years for hole to come off your record
[Applause]
next time somebody's yokai your phone
number like let me see your whole fax I
figured you say
white people you have good weed and I
commend you because you use discretion
you get your weed from somebody called a
guy I don't know who this guy is you can
ask any white dude anywhere will you get
your weed from I get it from this guy I
see him on Tuesdays you want me to pick
you up something that's all you get ask
a brother your dogs will you get your
weed from from my cousin here at the
Holiday Inn right down the street won't
you call them from your cell phone so
you could lock the number in then they
wonder why they get caught it's two
o'clock in the morning and your car is
orange that's why you got caught you
need a guy I had to go back and learn
fractions just to buy weed from white
people I didn't know nothing about
eights of quarters or nothing like that
nobody told me that if the bottom number
was bigger you get less I have to rush
down to Home Depot to get one of them
rulers with the lines on them the guy
was like what you using it for like
combine I ate from away that what's your
honors day is that the little short line
next to the corner cuz I don't want to
get ripped off don't want the right
length I'm on the phone telling my
friends don't worry about it I got to
164 it's coming we'll just put one in
the freezer this should last us till
Christmas
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
super-excited Josh a little snack Josh
new category brother my last joke if
categories my friend clean smart dirty
controversial or inappropriate no no
okay if you teabag someone with a nut
allergy is that attempted burger Josh
trying again if I do it'll be the best
thing I've ever done
when I was in high school I got called
out of the principal's office and since
it was a Catholic school
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah but trying to get it together
though I tried going to therapy recently
but I called the place like it'll be
about $150 an hour Mike well guess we'll
just get over it dead I guess socialist
I changed my mind that glass is
half-full my dad was always there for me
so like $150 an hour the only way crazy
person can afford that is of all voice
in your head got a part-time job
there's be the only way I'm trying to be
like a little bit more cool though and
my friends are cool they have gauges if
you don't know what gauges are it's a
little hole in your ear where your
personality's supposed to be that's all
that is cool thing you can do with
gauges though if you go up and look
through the little hole you can find
something better to talk to cigarettes
it's like the Hubble telescope really oh
look somebody with a job I gotta go you
just get out of there and save yourself
so actually I had some of my work
recently come up to me they asked me
would you suck a dick for a million
dollars and I was like listen I don't
know about this hypothetical
hypothetical scenario but I can tell you
one thing I'd suck a dick right now to
end this conversation
back quite honestly I'd rather suck a
dick than hear about your weekend if
we're getting into it commando things we
would rather jail
yeah but trying to have more safe sex
recently but last time I was with the
girl and they pulled out a condom she
stopped me and she's like I mean what am
I gonna catch from you
acne Bruce gave her the condom like
clearly you have bigger balls than I
ever will so I don't know if you guys
like me sometimes and I'm using a condom
you guys have ever thought you're like
how hard is it to raise a kid really any
better man it's gotta be easier than
using this condom that's for sure cuz
the least you can feel when you're
raising a kid never a good kid good
night moon you like is this doing
anything for you I can't even talk the
books off and honestly I can't even hey
I get a lot of bad sex advice like
someone recently told me they're like
it's not the size your dick dick counts
what you do with it like really what am
I supposed to do with my small dick just
direct traffic towards bigger dicks
today like an air traffic controller
just like orgasms this way ladies
if you don't have a magnifying glass I'm
not that adventurous sexually like I've
never done a double for I've been like
anal is like making your dick study
abroad it's like maybe when you get back
you'll appreciate what you have here
okay
or it's like going to Africa we're sure
it sounds scary but everyone I know
who's tunning is like dude you have to
go or change your life will change
everything you know I live in the moment
now mainly cuz I'm doing anal there and
then choosing an [ __ ] that exactly
Sophie's Choice to don't be like if you
have an entire mansion to yourself and
you're like you guys just want to go
hang out in the shed just want to go
[Applause]
like what it's dirty like I know that's
why we're going that's why we're going
the lake show folks we're doing I was
watching this documentary the other day
about drug smugglers and showed them
shoving drugs up their ass to sneak
through security I realize like wow
that's how good drugs are right it'll
make man get over the lane homophobia
like beforehand you're I would never
skip anything up my ass and after wine
let it go if you're like sexuality is a
spectrum love is love and Pedro [ __ ] is
fire we gotta get it over
got a hit
[Applause]
[Music]
I was going to a wedding at the LA
Country Club one time on the 4 or 5 I
saw a plane crash could be a sad story
but it's not the dude live which makes
it a pretty funny story
some of you seem skeptical I'm gonna
continue anyway there's one of those
planes that tows banners you ever seen
those those banner planes at first I
just saw it flying really low and I was
just thinking holy [ __ ] that guy is
really trying to get me to eat at Joe's
Crab Shack why is it so close to the
freeway this is pretty aggressive
advertisement what is going on then the
plane crash and I was like oh that's
what's going on someone [ __ ] up so I
made a mistake that resulted in a plane
crash it's a weird thing because I still
got to go to this wedding this is a
traumatic instant but I'm still expected
to go to this wedding and I've been
looking for a reason to get out of going
to that wedding for a while too and when
that plane crashed I was like [ __ ] I
pray too hard
it's just weird it's so crazy I gotta go
to this wedding I was close enough to
see this guy kick his way out of the
plane there's still fuel spilling out on
the bottom I can't do anything for him
I'm helpless I'm looking at it with that
same feeling I get when I'm about to
lose that Tetris it's like sorry dude
the blocks are stacking up I don't know
I gotta go to this wedding he's alive
but he's still having a really weird day
and then I gotta go to this wedding and
see another dude have a really weird day
and then try to pretend that his wedding
is the coolest thing I saw today guess
what it's not its second place to a
[ __ ] plane crash stop telling me I'm
acting weird it's a tough situation to
be in a wedding to be like a beautiful
ceremony the bride is lovely can't tell
you guys a story real quick because I
got a [ __ ] doozy
i'm healthy
i don't eat at mcdonald's
i use the drive-thru yes because the
tables are dirty
i don't want the person at the counter
touching my food i want the guy
in the little booth making it
i know my mcdonald's i know where i go
i've seen the staff i'll stick to the
drive-through
i'm intelligent i wash my face with
smart water
i bathe in smart water
i was baptized as i spit again at my bar
mitzvah
with smart water this
is my life
i've got color head shots 11 by 17. i
stand out in a pile
i just got a call back thank you very
much to be an extra in a stadium scene
yes getting chicks hooking up believing
in it
doing that driving to palm springs
tomorrow to see my mother if you're down
in palm springs tomorrow
let's hang out while she takes a nap
she'll take a two-hour nap
i comb her hair while she sleeps
i make money it's a good feeling to be
able to take my mother out to lunch and
pay half i can do that
you
I do a song here and this is a song I
wrote about a friend of mine living in
the valley
works a computer job down the street
they're doing something else well I want
a job where it's not so wrong to walk
around naked all day long where my
coworkers are smoking hottie she makes
me tan and shave my body we don't talk
about politics or war just who's doing
who from who's backdoor they never cross
the line or grow too far it's the life
for me I want to be a porn star porn
stars live the lap of luxury there's
Peter North there's Ron Jeremy Bamber
Gina and Ginger Lynn rocking my world at
the avian it'd be great it would rock
all the girls stroking my guitar
I wanna be a porn star
I don't mind testing for STD's I'm
easygoing I'm easy to please I'm
slipping the dream and getting paid I'm
showing up late and still getting laid
this is one career where the boss don't
mind if it catches a glimpse of my
behind sexual-harassment always
tolerated the porn stars life is highly
underrated jenna jameson would know me
she would never miss just one chance to
blow me hey blow me a little kiss it'd
be great it would ride all the girls
riding on my car i wanna be a porn star
I wanna be a porn star with my leading
lady looking deep into my eyes saying I
wanna be a porn star though I really
love playing my guitar you know the life
for me is to be a porn star
[Applause]
[Music]
so the chosen one was born recently
Northwest I can't I can't
can we just stop with that whole [ __ ]
family just stop it
no it let's just stop keeping up with
them all right no one [ __ ] cares we
get it your bajillion airs stop it why
are we famous cuz can't Alexa D in her b
can i [ __ ] Ray J can I be able to
Gillian air no I [ __ ] hate them
Northwest Airlines was born and here's a
little tidbit for all you to take home
with you at the witching hour the baby
was born on June 15th 2013 June 6 1 + 5
6 2 plus 0 plus 1 plus 3 6 what you're
welcome
6 6 6 6 6 6 that baby's going to take
its first steps it's going to sound like
this
Courtney's gonna put a noose around her
and be like North it's all for you
fingers crossed
you
I don't know I'm trying to like be a
better person I'm trying to like
understand and empathize with women more
you know so I can find a nice [ __ ] and
so I went to the store I got the Bible
for women I got Cosmo magazine do women
really read that [ __ ] this is crazy
there was a headline the headline was it
was how to drive your man wild in bed
does it [ __ ] work I've never had a guy
friend be like oh man sex my wife sucked
until the April edition of Cosmo bro she
must have done 10 things it drove me
wild doesn't [ __ ] work
but the article that got my attention
was it was entitled what women want in a
man my cool maybe I'll figure it out
what do you think the number one thing a
woman wants in a man is listening
[ __ ] Persians quarries are the number
one thing one wants and man is a sense
of humor that's cool then they had lists
of jobs they want their man to have and
none of those jobs with stand-up
comedian well the hell ladies apparently
women want a hilarious doctor that's
what they want they want
lawyer cracks dick jokes or something
hilarious Tiger that'd be awful
imagine that hey Bob have your test
results knock knock who's there
Ben Ben who benign yeah it's benign it's
not the tumor I'm kidding it is you have
cancer um but we'll get through it just
remember one thing pull my finger
finding is I have two older brothers who
are doctors too they're not hilarious
and they're both married and they both
married doctors just to be jerks yeah
it's always the same intro hey have you
met my family this is dr. Dawes dr.
Dawes dr. Dawes dr. Dawes bill he works
at the Laugh Factory what's that no
never heard of it either no he's not
[ __ ]
you know the funnest part about first
dating is funniest part about first
dating is the whole night you're just
trying not to fart in front of each
other remember that he's so harder is it
why the do we get chicken strips in a
minute and what happens when you hold it
in all night you know what happens that
she starts exploding in other parts of
your body just know you ever hold it in
so tight on a date you ever hold it in
so tight on a date that it does escape
and it makes us up noise and there's
like nothing you could do to play it off
because it's like obviously what it and
it's always in the car right
and then the radios not working that
night so it's uncomfortably quiet right
and you're just white-knuckle on the
steering wheel like off single bit of
sweat and you're just keep keep it
together and then it just goes like this
right how do you put that one and don't
look at her cuz she's looking at you
like oh did that hurt are you okay are
you bleeding cuz you can't play that off
you know right what are you saying
oh I just ran over a snare drum I'm
pretty sure they
they left it in the road geez there's
another one hmm remember we're a perfect
gentleman and we let you in the car
first there you go princess perfect you
are amazing there you go and then we
take our time walking around our side
farting on every step right guys that's
our break we're just while you're doing
that though let me tell you a secret
she's waiting in the car lifting up one
cheek take your time
so man I hope it's not too early to get
sentimental here but just feel like
we've really made a connection
you know God you guys are really drawing
me out of my shell you know the one
thing I wanted to talk about the first
time that I made love into a woman you
know sorry that came out a bit more
crudely than I intended
classy show so I'll start that joke
again they're gonna reset perfect cool
do-over
okay so um I did want to talk about you
know the first time that I did make love
to a lady it was actually very romantic
you know and I just mentioned it because
I've heard a lot of people there first
I'm not so romantic maybe some people
here we can go around later just kind of
one by one but for me my first time
very romantic because stupid you know I
remember what I done is I put candles
kind of just all across the dash
every girl's dream just like rose petals
in the ashtray was just like the softest
smell of pine kind of like dangling from
the mirror but I guess if I do have to
say one bad thing about it it's at
afterwards the melted wax kind of took a
while to clean off and anyway sorry
anyway
that's the reason I was almost late
tonight I only just get the show started
my daughter likes Beyonce right and four
and I think four is a little early to
like Beyonce but I can't tell them not
to like Beyonce because the mom is black
not stepping in a grenade has the
results he tried the day I'm dressed
like Beyonce and for like the other day
she came out throwing these little bitty
short shorts and like a little bitty
halter top with her baby tummy hanging
out with some glances and a hat and like
a feather I was like what the hell are
you wearing she's like I woke up like
this
it's like you will died like that not go
in the room and put on that Amish outfit
daddy got you don't come out to your
grow a beard you know what I'm saying I
want my daughter have a beard I don't
need a little bitty Puerto Rican beer
days I've been a full-fledged Isis I
want my daughter look like a suicide
bomber okay I wanted to drive a cab and
smell like urine work at a 7-eleven till
9:00 in the morning she still sleeps in
the band with me and my girl cuz we
don't like sex but each other
we gave her a nickname no we call it a
physical manifestation of the emotional
barrier that exists between mommy and
daddy just weird dream I don't know if
y'all got kids my daughter has dreams
about stuff she's never experienced
personally like I don't know how is
seeping into her subconsciousness right
like I was watching her sleep the other
night she was like look Tyrone if you
don't want to show up to work on time
you don't have to show up at all did you
just have a dream about middle man
get you better toys tonight stop
McStuffins I don't know if you know doc
McStuffins is doc McStuffins is killing
the toy game right now okay doc
McStuffins is a toy that fixes other
toys boo-boos if you a toy you got a
boo-boo you're in luck the doctors in
and she'll fix you up all right as a
result of that my daughter loves
band-aids right like loads and loads of
band-aids I'm like right bet you like
band-aids
daddy go get your band-aid so we got
band-aids all over legs band-aids all
over arms and band-aids all over face
and a last count with 327 band-aids
right
yeah and it's weird when we go out right
people don't know that she likes
band-aids okay they just look at me like
I'm a bad father
like I hit her 327 times like I'm Adrian
Peterson or somebody really and I'm
trying to be pro black so I was like you
know what baby not only is daddy gonna
get you band-aids daddy gonna beat you
black band-aids yeah you know they don't
make black man names
man I should have checked that out
before I made that promise it's the last
bastion of racism
you can't find black band-aids okay I
know pills are called Walgreens I call
CBS ID and call Africa South Africa do
you have any black bad days afterwards
like no we did not have anybody not only
that it's no nice way to ask for black
band-aids rankings every time I ask for
black band-aids it always comes off like
I'm a militant black panther from the
1960s right disaster guy Walgreens
source I hate mr. green
I was like do you have any black
band-aids what he heard was look here
Krakatau say we're out of black bad date
and he got really nervous he did not
respond we don't have any black mandate
so he has a let's go take down my home
cutting up a let's rotate trying to make
my own black bears right now I'm putting
little cotton balls in the middle you
know they don't make my cotton balls
yeah you would think we would have black
cotton balls with our relationship with
cotton and all but no you can't find
like cotton balls are know cuz I called
Walgreens I call CVS a week all Africans
I ask if you have any black cotton balls
like just shoot me they're just black
babies let's like shut up Africa
[Music]
I broke up my girlfriend about a year
ago but we fight more now than we did
before ever before but we I don't know
what it is we fight more now than ever
before like the other day she hates it
and she's jealous of all my friends
right I told her I'm going to my friend
one day she called me up says what are
you doing I go I'm gonna Drew's house
she's Ella what he go suck his dick like
why am I the dick sucker in that
friendship what I'm bigger than him I
should be the bear you know she just
nagged and whine nagged and whine
sometimes I wish I was in a comedian I
wish I was a hypnotist so she starts
bitching me out you go sleep when you
wake up you will have laryngitis
you will want a threesome for no reason
at all and I will have the largest penis
you have ever seen
I remember we were living together and
she was just one day she just nag to
show me I couldn't take it ahead load no
patience I snap I go you know I hope I
die so I have to hear your [ __ ] no more
annoying her right I'll be dead and
she'll break out a Ouija board and the
most jealous woman I've ever met in my
life most jealous woman I've ever met in
my life she was jealous even when I
wasn't cheating she was still jealous
one day she calls me up to my hotel room
right it's like midnight I'm in my room
watching TV she's like what are you
doing I'm like no that I'm watching CNN
she's no you're not what do you think
I'm doing I know what you're doing like
what am i doing you're laying naked in
bed waiting for two horrors to come over
you're gonna come over and strip and
one's gonna sit in your face the other
one seven seven your crotch then they're
gonna take turns and then she hangs up
on me I got so mad I called her up
Lakeisha Restless for me
goddamn the storm is getting good let me
down
[Applause]
only they can give you excited just hang
up on me like that
how rude
[Music]
I actually just had some family visiting
me I had my mom and my stepdad Steve I
like Steve anyone else like their
stepdad fair enough okay that fitting I
think Steve who does have a stepdad show
our hands okay you what's your set that
same one holy [ __ ] that's a great name
also there is no stepdad whose name is
longer than two syllables dude one Steve
bill like anything too long kids won't
remember you you know I got to keep it
short like there is no stepdad named
Williams second I do folks your mom he's
Bill now like that guy's big it's
officially Bill I like Steve though I
Steve actually Steve more like a father
than my actual dad my real dad is just
some dude I smoke weed with sometimes
you know he's a brother yeah you know
how weird it is to put your own dad in
the friend zone you know I think step
parents are too polite you know it's
like cut the [ __ ] like oh I'm not
here to replace your dad then what the
[ __ ] are you doing here you know like
you I want a replacement right you got
one job you know well my dad Rudy I got
kicked out kind of early so growing up
like I never had like a guy in the house
you know teach me what like a real man
is like whenever I would see my dad you
just tell me what real men don't do you
know like real men don't wear shorts
okay these are capris so
real men know the difference all right
but now so grow now is just my mom and
my sisters so like in a house of all
women like I was never taught like the
word [ __ ] like referred to women you
know I was a youngest of sisters I was
taught it referred to me right
little [ __ ] was my nickname you know
but since I was youngest I wanted to be
like my sisters so bad right like I
would I would wear their hand-me-downs I
let my hair curl in the back it
backfired it did I remember one time my
mom was introducing all of us as like
elderly woman right and she introduces
my sisters and she gets to me and she's
like oh this is my youngest Connor and
the old lady looked down and went oh hi
there Connie what a beautiful name for a
beautiful little girl and my mom said
nothing she said nothing and like it
pissed me off you know until I realized
that old lady didn't say [ __ ] to my
sisters so I'm like the prettiest girl
here right now
[Music]
if you're gonna if you have kids be a
[ __ ] parent not a kid owner you know
what I'm saying
I don't just own the [ __ ] like it's an
accessory raise it it's a child you made
it now make it not rate things when it
grows up you know like like care for it
because I mean there's a definitive
difference between a kid owner and a
parent and you see it when this happens
when a kid starts cutting up in public
maker making a scene in [ __ ] watch the
discipline process because a kid owner
will make a spectacle a presentation of
it because they care about all the
strangers they want your approval they
want you to think they're fair and
diplomatic to their child so it always
looks something like Nicholai Nicholai
daddy's upset is that what you wanted
pal he's upset I know I Danny's upset
I know high five high fall BAM he's a
real gold getter we worked that word out
gold Gator Europe but tell everyone what
we did earlier we signed a treaty that's
right no public schools
what's a treaty it's a contract I know
and you're a breach of that that's the
kind of [ __ ] a kid owner does a parent
doesn't care about your [ __ ] approval
cares about the kid but also doesn't
want you the stranger to call the cops
on it it'll pull the kid out of earshot
listen to me if you do not shut the [ __ ]
up right now as soon as we get home I
will break your goddamn neck
in front of your toes I'll do it in
front of your [ __ ] toys
I will line them up and make them watch
your eyes go black
Toofer Muppets please loves them up
I used to wish that I could be Italian
any other Asian men wish they were
Italian they were little because I grew
up on like oh [ __ ] some Italians back
teeth better [ __ ] respect me crack
you over the head with this glass that's
the [ __ ] I'm talking about sir yes let
the [ __ ] know who runs these streets
I grew up on like Goodfellas right
Godfather Pacino De Niro very machismo
guys right who do I have to look up to
mr. [ __ ] Miyagi right can't even hold
his liquor you remember that scene the
Aggies are reporting for duty
regret to inform wife due to a
complication you remember the scene I'm
talking about basically his wife died
from complications of birth inside an
internment camp why is that funny
my grandfather was actually in an
internment camp yeah let's get [ __ ]
serious
he was an internment cats called what it
was a concentration care let's call it
what it is right clap you don't have to
clap internment camp listen what kind of
name is that an intern it's not like an
internship we getting college credit for
this
what is it would win again what do we
get for this we get everything taken
away okay you're right we shouldn't look
like this our bad let's keep the show
moving right along the momentum let's
keep this [ __ ] going the point is I wish
I could be cool I wish it could be a
tough guy you see me out here
overcompensating with the pleather you
know I can't be that guy at all right
because uh cuz I Drive a Prius any of
the dudes drive a Prius yeah a little
overcompensation with the bass and the
the the Voyles a little too deep exactly
exactly
you can't be that dude if you drive a
Prius cuz here's what that looks like
okay you leaving the club Valley pulls
the Prius up you saying peace to all
your boys right Rho yeah y'all be good
word
uh-huh yo we did it in there two times
two times what yeah
all right y'all holler at me later in
something doesn't feel right now you
can't haul out no girl from your Prius
you know hey can I get that number no
you don't know what you miss him what
I'm saying is the only thing that a
Prius is good for is it drive-by
shooting right cuz they're not gonna
hear you they're not gonna hear you
coming they'll just be on the block like
yeah man Daryl and them day was over
oh sure what I come from and the cops
not gonna pull you over cuz you're in a
[ __ ] bridge right well Johnson what
about that Prius speeding away from the
scene of a crime
Oh Martinez you cracked me up
that was the punchline
[Music]
we're not here huh la la kids do they
have the gentrification happening out
here now oh I can't even look I'm born
and raised Brooklyn New York
okay the neighborhood up from his
neighborhood Bushwick Brooklyn all right
and now it's all gentrified
but 1984 [ __ ] war zone all right the
whole neighborhood was on fire but now
everyone's got cupcakes and quinoa and
it's just it's hard for me to see the
neighborhood here I mean it's like the
hipsters that come in with the yoga
classes fruitcakes racial harmony we're
gonna make a difference I'm like you're
gonna get shot okay you're riding a
unicycle down the street so I will kick
you in the [ __ ] okay I got this is the
worst you don't have noticed who the
hipsters all the hipster adults they all
act like children that's what it is I
set my milk crate smoking cigarettes
[ __ ] I don't even smoke cigarettes
but so much of this not they don't like
my kids the adults act like children the
other day I see a guy going to work 40
years old in a suit on a scooter not a
Vespa [ __ ] scooter if this is your
mode of transportation to get to work
you're a dick okay you're a huge-ass
like nothing I can't talk to you unless
you take your foot off the hockey
product what this looks like a pedophile
and then the children they act like
adults there's a flip-flop their kids
don't know what to do I was getting ice
cream the other day nine-year-old kid in
front of me orders pistachio ice cream
I said that's an adult flavored ice
cream what else do you want espresso
you're [ __ ] nine years old so you get
chocolate ice cream with Rainbow Springs
or the baseball glove with the little
gumball
you're a child if I was to cashier I
wouldn't get into no chance oh oh
pistachio let me see your divorce papers
recent colonoscopy I mean what if it'd
been through it's a fun flavor to you
it's green it has nuts in it you little
[ __ ] psycho Brussels sprouts with
does your dad have a scooter there's got
a scooter and it's not your fault
I I just think doctors are I think I
just think Western medicine is generally
unimpressive it's very like it's a very
simple paradigm right it's just like
it's just drugs pretty much it's just
drugs surgery what are we gonna do Jones
sir cut him open we have drugs that
after everything we've become such a
wimp we have drugs enough for muscle
cramps I saw the commercial is ladies
like oh my arm hurts and they're like go
take a like a pin and I swear to you one
of the side effects with suicidal
thoughts
swear to God suicidal thoughts for a
crimps you got a cramp I was like dude I
got an idea instead of like pin let me
try this once in a while yeah why don't
you stretch out maybe you won't have to
worry about blowing your brains out over
a muscle cramp suicidal blood that means
if you take like a pin you got to take
like antidepressants but one of the side
effects of antidepressants is muscle
cramps do I don't know what you do but
you got to do like every other day like
am i more sad I don't know
I'm sort of sad that I'm stiff it's sort
of a sad stiffness it's a I'm stiff in
sadness I'm stiff within my sadness I'm
sad about my stiff whatever you get it
I get tickets man you get tickets at 51
do they still bug you
yeah they do what kind of car do you
drive a sports car you can tell me man
I'm not going to steal your [ __ ] car
what kind of sports car you got a
Porsche okay he's a rich [ __ ] that's
good you should be a 51 if you're not
then you haven't done well in life you
still have time man you drive a picture
he's already got the Porsche man is
yours use though you got a new one what
do you do for a living you make money
you sell drugs you plug enough
he's made his money legitimately like a
fireman or something what he didn't want
to wait that long
I appreciate that but [ __ ] you just told
everyone your drug dealer
what's the matter with this kid what
version of the port what version of the
Porsche do you have
he's got the 911
better check had been still there man
good [ __ ] what do you have he got the
911 he's got the same [ __ ] part you
have and he does nothing for a living
butI what's your job what do you do he's
a financial adviser he tells other
people where they should put their
[ __ ] money can he give you his number
I don't know if I can ask him he's just
sitting right over there you gotta go
through me
[ __ ] the matter with this [ __ ] kid
you
let's talk about some black stuff I
don't know if y'all know this but a lot
of prominent black people are a boycott
in Gucci because our there was some
racist imagery on the Gucci clothing and
I was talking to my homeboy about it and
he was like yo brah are you gonna
boycott Gucci and I was like bro my
bankaccount been boy kind Gucci for
years that's right it's been Gucci
since I was seven like what are you what
are you talking about like this really
it's like I mean if Gucci don't got love
for black people and but you know
who does have love for black people Ross
my whole outfit is from Ross even the
shoes like $20 for everything this whole
Dress for Less feel your best that's
trying trying to get an endorsement dude
straight up straight up I own I'm 510
but my voice is 6 5
now just get that out of the way right
now
and like I knew my voice was deep when
my homeboy hit me and he was like and yo
read me a bedtime story
and I was like bruh
I'm not reading you a bedtime story
unless you say please yes cuz I all like
real people y'all like I'm gonna go but
like to be honest with you guys it's not
it's not fun sounding like this like
it's not fun because like people always
say messed up thanks to me cuz like I
was on this comedy show and after the
show this lady came up to me and she was
like oh my gosh
you sound so handsome
[Music]
you know what and I gotta warn you uh
I'm actually is a weird time for me too
looking for girls I my last girlfriend
and I can share this with you guys
because I feel like we're close my last
my last girlfriend actually broke up
with me because she said I was verbally
abusive can you believe that
like I'm not that guy alright that was a
little harsh I remember the night she
told me she was like Jerrod you're
really verbally abusive and I was like
[ __ ]
these are just words all right sticks
and stones sticks and stones actually
what I called it because she was
anorexic with a drug problem
stick sister my family's not speaking to
me right now I can share that with you
guys too my family is not speaking then
Matt because I play devil's advocate at
my brother's intervention
I was like first of all you guys you
don't walk in this man's house
unannounced like this you call the head
and then secondly calm down everybody
all right I mean after all he is the
life of the party
so he was managing
just course it ain't big doesn't mean I
won't let you have it a lot of times
just cuz I'm hung like a light switch
doesn't mean I won't teach you how to
choke on a small bone say you're
laughing at that cuz you know there's
some truth truth in that in that rumor
the Irish are not known for their
lovemaking skills I guarantee you nobody
here has an Irish porno DVD stashed in a
house somewhere
am i right oh the kids are out pop in
leprechauns of lust oh you like that
your net your [ __ ] daughter your [ __ ]
come on now grab ahold of me sir Lilian
took me lucky charms they're magically
delicious the old Irish foreplay
brace yourself Margaret I'm coming
through the door ready or not Mary here
I come
I think the only ones that have it worse
than no sir are the Brits the Brit
you're right are you from I are you from
England are you all lovely so good to
have you he'll let me handle this dude
you can't even make a word and now
you're gonna do an accent are you
kidding me there's a reason why they
don't pass these out at the door don't
[ __ ] with me when I'm working I don't
come to Baja Fresh and [ __ ] up the
guacamole he's three white girls can he
say that he's gonna get hurt he's gonna
get in trouble that's not right and what
part of the UK are you from that land
across the Great Pond you're from London
see now that's what's that just outside
London well which one is it London or
just outside is somebody running after
you husband I tell you to shut the [ __ ]
up don't know I tell you to shut the
[ __ ] up now you had open your mouth you
see him fighting with the gangbangers
back there right and the [ __ ] guy
from prison who sat back down when he
yelled out him but you had to say either
we're from London
is it just our soy to land and because I
well there's two basic type of English
accents that I think most Americans are
familiar with there's the cockney Ranma
right - tough [ __ ] our best in the
top of the fighting that right right
that right that's a that's not it that's
not that's not a cockney that's not
yours okay
are you trying to communicate with them
now are you disagreeing with them or
what was that a seizure it's not cocky
what was that huh this I'm so glad I
[ __ ] took two planes to get here in
time for the show tonight the Royal
accent is the one that I think most
Americans not that we have a problem
with but I think it's easiest to make
fun of like Prince Charles writes even
you're laughing you know how you can
tell Prince Charles in a room full of
mannequins
he's the stiff one it's hard to imagine
that guy having sex with anything right
I mean my lovely yes so wonderful there
we are here we go
Oh indeed princess oh yes that's right
they're smashing jolly good well here
you go
Oh spend buy a princess I'm about to
arrive so sorry did I seem to have
arrived in your hair Butler comes out
which like a handi wipe so you arrived
against the
[Music]
there is some good news in the world
though this is true a 96 year old woman
just graduated from college yeah
96 somebody turned 92 it was like I
gotta get my life together where are you
going on spring break Mildred heaven is
that your destination let me tell you
someone you're in your 90s you don't
have to go to class you already live
like a college kid you're the same
schedule you get up you get high you
watch The Price is Right you take a nap
that's it how do you even teach someone
that old here the professor you okay
kids you do a paper on Ernest Hemingway
Millie you're cool because she may have
actually slept with that dude we don't
know I went to college I majored in
communications that's what you pick when
you don't know what to major in yeah a
lot of dummies here at the Laugh Factory
tonight it's it's that's like the
certificate of participation at the
college level because cop look when the
guy gives you the Diploma he's like dude
I don't know what's it good luck at
Applebee's have fun I don't when I
graduated college this is true I was
jealous those kids that went to DeVry
because they get out of school only 111
days and they have a job and a wife and
a kid they're happy I went to school for
four years and I graduated my life goal
get on double dare I don't care how it
happens
I just want to be at a job interrview
the boss is like mark what can you do
for this company I'm like sir you'll see
on the resume I will take the physical
challenge that's what I can do I have no
idea how a computer works but if you
have a bunch of pudding I will find the
red flag sir I didn't take advantage of
my college experience I I got the degree
and everything but I didn't get high
once Oh that's rare if your commedia
doesn't smoke pot that's like living in
Wisconsin and being lactose intolerant
it doesn't even make sense
I believe what they taught us in high
school about drugs you guys remember
that they see you down they say kids
don't smoke marijuana
why because marijuana is a gateway drug
it leads to other things
i'm--yeah like what and free
guitar lessons I watched my friends walk
through that gateway all evening long
not me I'm a big drinker I've been
drinking Coors Light since my mom was
pregnant with me a long time and
drinking is a lot more dangerous of
getting high if you go home and you get
high tonight what's the worst thing that
happens to you you get stoned you watch
Discovery Channel you learn something
about turtles you never knew before
but if you go home you get hammered
watch Discovery Channel crazy stuff
happens
you wake up the next day you can't
remember what went down all of a sudden
you get an email from Expedia confirming
your trip to the Galapagos Islands
newest should have majored in zoology
damn it
that's a great show light song it's
called gangland they do a documentary on
different gangs you know and a gangland
it's like Facebook for cholos
I love gangland it's scary man I watched
it late at night
I've Exodus embarrassed I've actually
been wearing nothing but boxers throwing
punches towards the front door like
imagining if like they do with the neck
tattoo broke into my place I wish that
dude were trying to come into my castle
my wife runs into Aaron what are you
doing are you playing Wii Fit because we
don't have that every episode of
gangland the interview some gang member
right they hide their face of the
bandana their cloak under secrecy in the
shadows okay
tell us about your game the guy's like
you're going bass si what's up welcome
we're not scared of nothing we run the
streets you're not facing the camera
and no bro I can't see nothing right now
okay look I got a sleeping I feel stupid
blindfolding myself
ride or die ride or die
where do you see your gang going in ten
years well right now we barely started
on MySpace group but you know it's
embarrassing we forgot our password what
else can you tell us about your game you
know what brawl snitches get stitches
what if you're out there you know where
myspace password let us know okay Lee
we're on the streets which one the one
by the mall Amon let's wrap it up wrong
it's hard to breathe another's bandana
okay how do we steal fear into your
rival gang I don't know bro I can't
breathe man all right
when did you found your unibrow I'm not
kidding go get me a cooker and a [ __ ]
ooh I'm getting lightheaded that's a
wrap
okay thank you
I wish I was waiting sometimes we'll be
honest with child you know and I'm not
saying that because the cops killing
black people I'm not saying although
that should be a good reason but I'm not
saying that I wish I was late because I
always wanted to go on The Price is
Right in weed I don't know if yeah I
know this but black people don't never
win on The Price is Right
I don't know if y'all realize that
sitting out watch episode 2 uh Monday
you gonna see we don't win you know I
like my grandmother actually thought the
game show was racist I am like I got I
had a civil rights prayer mama you know
she been through all this [ __ ] water
fountains buses and everything and in
her mind everything races black people
never whether the price is right I write
the letter to the network darlin I'm
tired of black people never when I said
grandma put that goddamn pig back I was
like The Price is Right is not racist
black people don't want on the price is
right because black people just don't
know prices we just don't know how but
she really goes you know we know street
value we don't know retail value that's
up my life like they had a TV on the
prices right I'm not lying they had a TV
on The Price is Right they had a white
contestant Asian contestant in a black
dude and I know it sounds cliche but I
ain't lying they had the TV tags a white
dude how much to the TV white dude who
immediately like oh the big screen 1505
what 500 for the houses in Malibu the
actual age to do how much for the TV
ancient du Loup immediately because he
made the [ __ ] he was like that's
that's 15 on 5 yes
1505 they asked black dude how much for
the TV black dudes on there like ah
you looking at the audience to help you
I'm gonna throw them out there for me I
don't know gonna help me out here you
know I can I call the friend Bob can I
like to say that game show he likes yeah
yeah you know what once a UH open once a
$35 a week for the TV ba 3508 he was
given rid us in the prices I said off
setting us back brothers he said oh one
more deal with No Deal Jalal that time
the price is right
[Music]
you
see some of the women to brought their
purses with them here tonight I think
it's so weird that women carry an entire
purse with them everywhere they go and
all guys have is a wallet like why do
women need something ten times bigger to
carry 30 percent less money it's a it's
right I just said it happens they say
the economy is getting better though the
unemployment rate just hit an 8-year low
people are finally getting back to work
in this country which sounds like a good
thing at first but as far as I can tell
it's just because everyone became an
uber driver like Obama wants do you
think this country is creating jobs but
it's not this country created one job
which is uber driver and then we all
signed up for it so now our entire
economy is based on the fact that we
take turns giving each other a ride to
the airport in exchange for the same $30
does everyone now no matter what they
want to do their fallback plan is to
become an uber driver which is weird
because when I was in philosophy class
studying Nietzsche they taught us that
an uber man was someone who could
accomplish anything but in the real
world it turns out an uber man is
someone who's failed at everything and
probably majored in philosophy now uber
is getting so popular it's putting taxi
drivers out of business which makes it
the only industry where entitled white
hipsters are taking jobs from honest
hard-working illegal immigrants people
don't wanted like drive themselves
anywhere anymore they don't even wanna
walk anymore everybody's got those
hoverboards they're gonna as little the
movie Back to the Future predicted that
we would have hoverboards in 2016 and
they were right but what they didn't
predict is that America would get so fat
in the meantime that hoverboards can't
hover they just roll and then burst into
flames
let's see what else is going on how
awesome would it be if you went to a
movie theater and you saw an actual
original idea the someone took it could
turn it to a script and then made into a
movie how amazing would that be I mean
an actual new movie not like a remake or
a prequel or a sequel or a trilogy or a
3d IMAX trilogy or the second version of
the third coming and the rear eyes of
the new I mean absolutely that would be
awesome
how did we get to this point I don't
understand
were they sitting around in a studio and
they're like we got to make that you're
spider-man movie but that Tobey Maguire
got that no it's gonna work with that
guy let's get a new we're gonna have to
have a new wholly new movie but the
exact same movie what should we call it
and then one guy was like I don't know
let's google it and he was googling and
it's computer for us he's like oh god my
computer froze I better reboot and the
guy was like hold on what'd you say
reboot that's genius we'll just call all
new movies reboots how many times am I
gonna watch the same movie over without
realizing I've already seen this movie
right thank you this is what's happening
we've lost the entire ability to be
creative pretty soon you're not even
gonna need a director for a movie you're
just gonna need a DJ and he's gonna
remix it now presenting TJ Jesse Geoff
Rise of the Planet idiots the prequel
part 2 with 50 cent redoing his role as
Caesar the download visa remix
that's been severe movie beasties
you know as I stand up here I think man
this is a wonderful audience I see a lot
of young people here for the first time
my life I feel [ __ ] old no sir I feel
old because this is what's going on in
my life and anyone that's over 30 maybe
you're sharing this with me I know that
I'm officially old now because anything
that I'm invited to any event a show you
want to go see the Dodgers play you want
to go to dinner with friends anything
that I'm invited to the first thought in
my head is someone is talking to me
inviting me to this event is that sounds
like a [ __ ] [ __ ] true story Joe
I've got tickets to Coachella really
Coachella yeah let's go out there we've
got a house with the private chef really
a chef yeah they're gonna cook food for
us all [ __ ] weekend really and a pool
I like to swim I should go yes what
about passes dude I've got parking
passes VIP passes and you'll be on stage
with [ __ ] Radiohead I mean I gotta
hang out with thom yorke dude you're
gonna be hanging out with thom yorke Tom
works gonna show you songs really can I
show him some of mine yes you can [ __ ]
do you want to go No
oh my god
on the weekends if I'm not careful it's
a full hassle because my wife gets the
LA Weekly the LA Times with the counter
section you know reading all the events
all the things that we can do with the
kids I go out in the morning to get the
paper on Sunday in the [ __ ] dark when
that little shitty van drives by by
myself in my underwear it's cold and I
get the paper to get to it before her
not to read it to [ __ ] throw it away
when I'm getting home I'm putting all my
pj pants ladies shoes with me change
into those pajama pants god that's
comfortable right ladies i know you do
it cuz when you go out you wear like
uncomfortable i want to get [ __ ] look
at me clothes and then when you go home
you're like [ __ ] that like the top
button comes undone like moment's notice
you're like a dude at like a [ __ ]
all-you-can-eat Vegas buffet like here
we go well now done I love putting on my
pj pants too I get so excited about that
[ __ ] but here's what pisses me off about
pajama pants they are the most
comfortable thing in the [ __ ] world
and we're only allowed to wear them when
were unconscious like I want to be at
that [ __ ] meeting because like guys
got around I just invented something
what is it pajama pants what are they
the most comfortable thing in the world
oh my god can I wear it no only when
you're unconscious or shopping at
Walmart I wondered that who was the
first person to do that they're like man
I'd feel really bad wear my pajama pants
around but I'm going to warm when I feel
[ __ ] it here I go and like they walk in
everyone's like if they can do it I can
do it do Armie epidural
[Music]
you
so I had learned a few weeks ago it was
like rahm emanuel will not seek
re-election as mayor all right good
[ __ ] that guy ripping off all these
third graders get rid of it hey older
what do you guys got going on there like
first I'll pack up running for mayor
you guys want to bring him on board so
we brought him on board where there
tangerine he won he ran unopposed we
didn't even have a mayor before lady if
you want him back though just call
nine-one-one we don't really even we
don't need a mayor I lost a few of you
during the alpaca joke that's fine some
of you guys just sitting there going
like now what the [ __ ] is an alpaca
I'll explain it's a very small dragon
native to Colorado and they breathe very
comfortable sweaters so yeah like super
it's like a llama it's like a soft cuter
and I actually grew up next to a llama
farm which just again and I've had the
dumbest life oh my god like what even is
a llama farm well how are you farming
llamas well it like actually misspoke
they had one llama and where my brother
and I were bored we would chase it yeah
fun fact though when a llama is cornered
it will spit throw up on him learn that
the hard way but that's like an
evolutionary trait Lex it's it's learned
like I know how science works like that
that means like someone's like
great-great grand Lama it was like
getting chased down by a panther and was
just like dog [ __ ] Oh fart I got kids
yeah
and it [ __ ] worked you know the
Panther just like stopped dead in his
tracks and was like are you [ __ ]
kidding me right now
did you just [ __ ] spit throw up on me
Panthers are British news is like [ __ ]
your llama [ __ ] you I'm not eating you I
just dreamed I licked myself all over I
was so regal now covered in bile know
this is why you llamas will always be
poor [ __ ] you I miss the boxes all right
you guys were cool about me calling
llamas poor that's nice sometimes that
doesn't happen people are like it's 2029
or whatever year we want to identify
aslan llamas can be rich if they want to
calm down
I agree
[Music]
guessing cool I feel like I can talk
about abortion and no one will get upset
you got a portion of Australia
he didn't say that one was available I
don't get it I don't get why it's a
debate
I feel like abortion should just be
legal and gives a [ __ ] you not only if
you're a woman that'd be [ __ ] crazy if
I got to have any say with the decisions
you made with your body if you [ __ ] up
as you can see the decisions I've made
with my body I also don't like it when
people like oh you can't get an abortion
that's like killing a baby it's the big
deal about killing a baby baby's got no
best friends for plans
for a job at once or if I could be Wow
let's all go what do you think that is
that's I want to die
[Music]
that's all I remember dick till I was
five that's the age till five-year-old
anything else fair game and I was five I
loved Grover that's a human being if
you're like up comfortable about this if
you're religious and going down loops
I'm not picking a fight back I think
religion is fine this is just one
specific thing I don't like but overall
I think religion is great I think it's a
lot like Forrest Gump though it's a
little [ __ ] but it helps a lot of
people
[Applause]
kind of a slow burn in the back on that
I used to be super religious I was my
family did things a little differently I
was raised Catholic but molested
that's a fun joke over here in the right
mood
I'm just JK about that but hearsay I was
never molested by a clergy but here's a
fun story about how I narrowly avoided
this back in 2002 I was super religious
I was a youth group kid I was an altar
boy I was so religious and Catholic that
the first time I ever masturbated the
very next day my dad's best friend chip
died in a motorcycle accident
so I was all into it I was online but
later on that year the Bishop of our
diocese got busted for molested kids
yeah that shattered my faith and also
that freaked out my parents because they
knew I spent a lot of time with this
dude cuz they had to sit me down they
said Joe I got the news about Bishop
Keith we know that you were around a lot
I just want to make sure that you felt
safe nothing weird ever happened you
never felt uncomfortable and I was like
you guys can relax you can relax your
boy is smart any time I dealt with
Bishop Keith I stood directly in front
of them because bishops make their move
on a diagonal
same on same babies play checkers I play
chess that joke won a JD Power and
Associates award
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
black women that's a level of confidence
I'm not prepared to deal with at all
just [ __ ] confident and [ __ ] what on
the bucket nothing you got damn right
nothing I might you started it what are
you doing
oh you think I'm playing I don't and I'm
nervous now we please stop that's a
level of confidence you know you ever
been to a comedy show and somebody in
the audience gets something walks out
during the show in the comedian tries to
be cute like hey where you going to take
a [ __ ] something original like that come
in a mistake one night black oh my god
up I thought I'd be cute I said what do
you think you're going she turned real
quick she went to take a piss
[ __ ] and I just kept walking
just left me terrified I said the only
thing I could say 100 K then it was over
she's like oh is it okay with you are
you in charge but who thinks he's in
charge you goddamn right it's okay I'm
like [ __ ] I am scared tell your dumb ass
jokes make me feel bad about what I do
right and when a black woman starts
grabbing nothing get the [ __ ] out cuz
that danger that's danger and she said
I'll be back and I will have a
conversation with you and I felt in
trouble and she just walked out slow go
on
[Music]
I heard about a website today called it
gets better anybody know what this is
alright it's a website for um for gay
teenagers who are getting bullied by
Tracy Morgan kid ah
no it's for gay teenagers that are
getting bullied at school then go online
and gay adults celebrities have left
video messages form going like hey I
know you're getting bullied now but just
so you know it gets better now if I was
one of the teenagers I'd be like hey
celebrity can you help me today and the
celebrities are like today no we're
afraid of the bullies as well but best
of luck to you not getting your ass beat
you know what website would be way more
effective a website called it gets worse
where all the people that were super
popular in high school had to leave
videos about what losers they became
later in life what every gray actually
wait they have it it's called Facebook
goosh dude it gets better so defeatist
so not helpful
it gets better would be like a public
service announcement against sexual
harassment like are you being sexually
harassed in the workplace well you're
not going to be hot forever so maybe
just ride this thing out huh
anybody got a shitty car by Rivals loans
anybody few honest people in the crowd
bunch of other people looking at the
person they came to like gonna hear what
he said when he asked about cars
a lot of people know they got [ __ ] up
cars I'm help sell me out like this how
you know you got the front of car you
got to [ __ ] them car somebody get in
your car and you start explaining [ __ ]
right away hey real quick your seatbelt
don't work tied a rope around your waist
but still put the belt across cuz I
don't want to get a ticket but don't
touch the window because if you go down
it's not coming back up appreciate you
you know your car [ __ ] up when it
break down are you more concerned about
the gas you put into it they're actually
getting the problem fixed you step
outside the car like I just put $40 when
I got down no different like what about
the transmission [ __ ] the transmission
how do I get this gas how this [ __ ]
guy huh hey public transportation in
Chicago hate it you always see weird
[ __ ] I was on a bus this pregnant lady
got on the bus I want to be chivalrous I
say man how'd you like to have my seat
she says yes I stand up she sit down as
I'm standing on the bus I'm looking at
him I realized she's not pregnant at all
I should just all the way to hell out of
[ __ ]
the entire time I'm standing now I'm
thinking to myself how can I ask my seat
back okay yes I want to sit down but she
need to stand up huh he stops there's no
polite way to ask your seat back excuse
me ma'am do do poorly misshapen body I'm
under the impression that you're
pregnant however you are not and I feel
as though you're going to sit on the
false pretense please get the [ __ ] up I
don't know how to ask my sleep
[Applause]
[Music]
my kid wants an iPhone my kid my kid
goes to kindergarten in LA she wants an
iPhone she wants an iPhone cuz some
little [ __ ] in her class has won some
[ __ ] [ __ ] parents went and bought
their kid an iPhone my kid saw it right
it says daddy that kid it can I have
what is he handling and I don't have one
I said next time we're at school can you
show me that kids dad and she was why so
your dad can punch her dad in the
[ __ ] throat why would you buy your
kid an iPhone she's five what is she
gonna text her friends what things like
hey how's your juice you have that last
episode of Doc McStuffins socks yeah my
dad will take me to the park either
unicorn smiley face hashtag he's a dick
I don't know what the [ __ ] yeah
right she was me daddy when you were
growing up did you have an iPhone no we
had a phone in the living room on top of
a doily it wasn't an iPhone it was a
rotary form well you mean a call you
were committed right you're like [ __ ]
wrong number
I'm not saluting that's how you hung up
the phone yeah fun times though fun
times when somebody called our house my
brother and sister and I we were happy
we were happy somebody called us the
phone ringing it's the phone it's the
farm you go running in the living room
give me the phone hi hi hi we're so
[ __ ] happy somebody called us we were
so happy
are you ever out you're friends now when
their phone rings are you ever out with
your friends when their phone rings you
see this [ __ ] them I'm busy
I'm [ __ ] busy and if you didn't laugh
at that joke you're the [ __ ] who
doesn't right yeah exactly
I'm busy now we have spellcheck we have
spellcheck you know why cuz Apple thinks
were dumb we don't know how to read
right nouns pronouns adjectives I don't
have [ __ ] spell I don't wanna [ __ ]
spell right it's like your mother wants
there doesn't go away but if you turn
her on it's [ __ ] there my team lost I
sent a message to my friend message went
out wait till I get back next week I'm
going to kick your ass sent that's why I
thought I sent [ __ ] spellcheck on
message went out wait till I get back
next week I'm going to lick your ass and
then he saves me a message back you want
to get drinks first how does this work
right [ __ ] is this where you get [ __ ]
drinks
how many remotes you have at the house
formal controls for three for you guys
three four remotes long remote controls
right my daughter goes daddy how many
remote controls you have when you were
growing up one daddy was the [ __ ]
remote control doula Baylin suing the
couch getting the hammer get up change
the channel change the [ __ ] Channel
you lazy [ __ ] that up
we didn't have a flat-screen TV we had
one of those aircraft carrier [ __ ]
RCA came with a bar in an office and a
[ __ ] gym
right and then not the change the
channels was always broken you had to
take needle nose pliers to change the
[ __ ] Channel remember that [ __ ]
changing it with a [ __ ] pliers yeah
and the reception wasn't good I became
the antenna or a gay swordsman [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] now it's funny
that's funny now because my daughter's
[ __ ] cute man she teach you her
grandmother bought her a tablet so she
came up the other day she was dad I said
what Joseph the Wi-Fi is not working the
what the Wi-Fi is not working I go what
do you want me to do she was call the
guy what guy you know the Wi-Fi guy
won't you call him well there's no guy
for the Wi-Fi
we're on Time Warner or spectrum
whatever the [ __ ] they're called this
week we're with those [ __ ]
[ __ ] were with them every three
months we'll remind you how much we're
gonna jam it up your ass for another
[ __ ] 80 bucks
[ __ ] cable [ __ ]
[Music]
I've been letting go of a lot of things
man like my hairline it's like by what
are you doing these people try telling
me it's not a big deal to lose your hair
oh my god I'm not a big deal it just
feels like God slowly trying to erase me
thanks it's pretty chill love
disappearing it's tight I have a hard
time letting go
it's just tough man I'm a cleaner you
know I had to buy a book this book is
called a letting go
my friends like can I borrow that I'm
like nah i'ma hold onto this letting go
of my attention span anybody else doing
that [ __ ] so you already forget what I
was talking about all right
nah man it's crazy like if you would
have told me 30 years ago that dinner
would consist of a bunch of people
looking down at their phones I'd have
been like googoo gaga cuz I was like 3
years old man
why you asking babies weird questions
from the future what are you doing it's
just a weird time you know I can't
believe all these bad things keep
happening when there's so many white
girls with crystals what's going on
ladies did you not activate them what I
was talking about girl Chloe a while
back she's like yeah I got this amethyst
it's supposed to spread love and light
and I got this quartz it's supposed to
amplify all the energies so everyone
feels that next day hurricane Harvey
it's like damn Chloe oh she just opened
a vortex mr. powerful energies man take
a class you know
let go of my job I just put my job thank
you so much
are you still working a restaurant one
time this woman came in she's like I
only eat stuff that's from the earth
okay I only eat stuff that's from the
earth it's like girl who's eaten stuff
that's not from Earth right you got it
[Applause]
[Music]
everyone thinks that people are so
different there's all this like racism
like I'm sure when you go to the airport
sir you're not getting through security
you know I'm saying not seriously
because I want security to come get you
right now like you have don't let a
little look to you like it's dangerous
look is this your husband ma'am yeah
he's a terrorist so here's the thing is
he on time to everything him everything
everything but but I don't have like I
don't have problems at the airport like
when I go to the airport it's not the
same thing cuz I look I look Amir I look
like so when I go there like [ __ ] you
good like they just let me walk through
they don't even ask questions yeah I'm
saying my dad goes to the airport they
give him some he has so many problems at
the airport but he brings the problems
on himself he does it to himself because
he tries to do stuff you know you're not
allowed to do my dad still tries to
bring water on the planes there's a big
sign no water and every time they make
him throw it away he gets so mad he
brings like he brings things he brings
his like 5 ton pound of ponds cream I
don't know uses ponds then he brings
water and they make him throw it away he
gets so mad one time we're going to
airport I'm like Bubba you can't take up
with you you can't take water he's like
it's okay this takes the bag the guy's
like sir you can't take the water with
you he's like I don't know what you mean
it's like sir there's bottles of water
in your bag you can't take them with you
true story my dad's like it's not faucet
the guy takes him out my dad had frozen
the water but last night he's like it
doesn't say no ice it does not say no
ice
I have one of those too I have one of
those I have what those little hacks
like if I'm in a grocery store there's a
woman in front of me and she turns
around and starts say any time something
in Spanish you know really fast actually
all Spanish sounds really fast to me
[Laughter]
situation I just I just spell socks and
shrub just no SOC cash
[Applause]
so CK is another thing I do this is a
you know is it and to see I learned that
in in Mexico am I supposed to ignore
that did you just after you heard it you
explained it to her is that it were you
explain ESO si que esto
you were explaining esos against another
thing I did was he speak Spanish a
little bit see that's nice but I spoke
no Spanish and I went on a cruise and it
went to Mexico and I was in Mexico and a
little Mexican guy came in to clean my
room and I think he I thought he was
trying to learn English but he picked up
the ice bucket and and did this and went
yellow and I went I was brown bro true
story true story and I was like no
that's brown he's like yeah and that's
enabler net yellow was banished for ice
yes ice and so fast forward fast forward
this was eight years ago
fast-forward to like nine months ago my
mother I'm taking her on a cruise for
her birthday
we get to Mexico we're in a restaurant
waiter brings over glass of water no ice
when weather goes could I get some ice
the guy goes okay and goes could to get
some money he doesn't understand and
that little nugget of information from
hit the right moment in my head
and that's my that's what I said you
know
and the waiter ran and got some ice and
I don't know if you know anything about
black mothers but she lost her [ __ ]
mind
[Applause]
see it already called home with told all
her friends I didn't have the nerve to
tell her I did you know I just got it
like oh okay I've never seen her that
proud before disappoint her
so now and I walk in the room and tell
her mundo zone she's like what are they
saying I'm like men I got this
ah yes it seems margarita is really
angry with pesadilla it seems she lost
the empanada
[Applause]
[Music]
uh she would talk about pot she talk
about pot Portland you're into this
right my mom actually she actually came
out here and visited me once and she
kind of got into my medicinal marijuana
my bad cuz I've got glaucoma and can't
see any of you she came out here and
visited me and I thought I did
everything great you know you have to
like hide everything you have to hide
your porn you gotta hide your you know
sexy weird [ __ ] you know not that I'm
into that I don't do that Fifty Shades
of Grey thing or anything maybe a little
I may I may own a saddle um what if I
did that be really weird
Michael got that off my chest but she
came out here and visited me I took a
shower I thought I hit everything but
the southern woman is like a [ __ ]
honey badger they will dig through
anything we're just like she's looking
through it I got out of the shower I
looked really good she's just sitting
there she's like Justin Douglas Burt now
what is this the full name yeah right
she's like I've raised you better than
this mister I cannot believe you brought
this in your house I've been through the
thick and thin with you Jesus has cried
for you through bigan and I cannot
believe you goddamn that [ __ ] hits hard
what is that is that an indica sativa
what is that purple rhino mystic Hayes
scent substitute teacher what's that
called
it was fine and then now like Mother's
Day came around and I Center the
Mother's Day card which everyone should
do everyone should be really nice to
their moms because when they're gone
it's gonna be really sad but like I sent
her the perfect cards like thanks for
giving birth to me whatever and she
calls me up she's like Justin I got your
card the mail I cried he had a crowded
dad I just wish it would have said be
something else I'm like what is it I
can't say it on the phone they're gonna
come find me what are you talking about
I just wish you'd send me something like
oh I don't know like a potato or some
pot pourri
in fact your daddy's taking me to a nice
potluck dinner later this evening like
you want me to send you marijuana yes
nope yes I can't believe I just said
that there we come find me I'm like mom
I'm not gonna send you marijuana well
why not all guys do just slice up a
lemon put in a bag and FedEx it to Texas
like did you learn that the Paula Deen
country time drug-trafficking cookbook
because I don't think that recipes next
to the creme brulee cougar Wow well my
son is dead click ringing it's me just
kidding pretty milliwatt up and this
note 800 BC rule she's a mess man
crazy about p90x you guys know about
p90x yeah Tony Horton [ __ ] p90x man holy
[ __ ]
Tony Horton first of all okay I can't
work out in front that dude okay he
looks like if you resurrect a big Clark
and then gave him all the steroids no
way not even in front of my TV I'm too
embarrassed okay
I need somebody who fits my style I need
Rick Ross the rapper okay
I used to mine between every rep is just
gonna be like oh oh that's a Rick Ross
joke some of you guys don't know what
I'm talking about right now it's okay I
know where I am
[Music]
[Applause]
second he comes out way too late he
comes out he's already sweating and it's
like this is your [ __ ] show man how
are you sweating the clock hasn't even
started in the corner of the video and
your shirt is wet already where did you
come from and he's like I hope you guys
are ready I hope you got your water and
your H on your ground in your towel it's
like no Tony no the [ __ ] I don't okay I
need to start somewhere more convener
for me like I need to start like joint
in hand in bed okay I need Tony in bed
just like y'all ready get this workout
started all right we gonna get up on one
two three no to that four five six all
right now we're gonna pretend to take a
[ __ ] I don't play two games of solitaire
and squat one two - [ __ ] ABS that's
all I got - ABS out all that [ __ ] and
they're at the top we're ready to exit
the [ __ ] table you can't do some sexy
striptease where you're pulling your
[ __ ] shirt up over they gotta go this
wasteland like your
Jews across the desert to get the to
[ __ ] ass
[Music]
not because I think white women are like
superheroes men I'm telling you they
keep society moving I'm telling you I
don't care if you're at the DMV or
[ __ ] a CVS you got a friend with this
some [ __ ] she always steps up for
everybody in the store why is this [ __ ]
I'm gonna take initiative man son of a
[ __ ]
where's the manager
you guys hold on I'll take care of this
[ __ ]
white women keep society moving boy
you've been in the line like a half an
hour no cashiers no managers white woman
to the rescue
she fly-in and [ __ ] how long you guys
been in this [ __ ] line how long you
been in this line forty five goddamn
minutes unbelievable
hello help ease got that paintball take
your white woman you're welcome I'm
going to Home Depot sure if I can bull
[ __ ] over there
I hate chick music by the way kinda say
that girls always sing songs and they
think that it's empowering and it just
makes you sound [ __ ] stupid okay this
is something about it like from the very
beginning like you remember hit me with
your best shot why are you crying you
get I'm just you said hitch okay my bad
I just I was listening to the words you
said let me hit you that hard you know
those are these dumb songs you know
don't you wish your girlfriend was hot
like me yeah I do what are you asking me
they're my girls were here for such some
rude action you with your old tired
girlfriend she come over finance don't
you wish your girlfriend was hot like me
you gotta be like this know what why
would I want all that fine ass not when
I got all this right here [ __ ] that's
that's [ __ ] up you know saying Beyonce
- we gotta set her on fire just set on
fire now - all her songs are just like
women just empowering Bobby on say hey
[ __ ] can you pay my bills then she gets
specific pay my telephone here now you
paying this bitch's bills then she think
you cheating on her so she like say my
name say my name when no one is around
you Beyonce Beyonce yeah what the [ __ ]
is that even mean I don't get it you try
to hit it I don't think you ready for
this jelly I don't think you ready for
this yeah um I'm ready for the jelly I'm
paying your bills
remember that sharing her from the bills
bit
that's the acquit Bills equal jelly it's
a real simple ass equation
you got me looking so crazy right now I
was laying in the hey Marco
you know my old leather yo she get on a
whim an independent opinion bill was not
you independent this [ __ ] is [ __ ]
bananas okay
I'm paying her bills
now she famous I live in her house now
she bought me a car and clothes now she
think I'm cheating on her to the left to
the left everything you own in a box to
the left you must know Annie let me tell
you why that's the stupidest one ever
ladies if all your man stuff can fit in
a box he ain't [ __ ] anyway do you see
how stupid that is like she you know
she's talking about how she bought him a
car and all this [ __ ] he's replaceable
that won't [ __ ] up replaceable is [ __ ]
she's not talking about jay-z attention
right now jay-z's box is full of [ __ ]
you know Sam Sam you got deeds and [ __ ]
in there diamonds and [ __ ] I got my box
[ __ ] pie so now I'm in this taxi cab on
the way to my mama's house with this box
in my lap
you call her up come on you know I love
you why are you doing this to me well if
you like it is you to put a ring on it
kill her
on your boots their paw prints dirty you
latina sexy we've got too many relatives
many relatives you go
what say yeah no not with you not flying
we need to take a family photo to they
have take like an aerial show friends on
your boobs that hurt
no that's such [ __ ] people like my
dad you didn't hurt like a cat
scratching you for an hour if I get hurt
you know gangster about it and these
[ __ ] Famous Amos cookies
and open the Midwest you know my parents
moved from India all the places they
could have moved to they chose to move
to Indiana that's just lazy
you made us Indians from Indiana that's
like being from Ghana and having
gonorrhea are you damn I loved it there
man thank you for just getting that joke
I go back there every year see my
parents for Thanksgiving see my friends
I go to my park my friend Parker's house
every year it's a different kind of
white people his dad is an evangelical
pastor yeah that's a kind of white
people that called dinner supper okay
that's a different kind of liability
[Applause]
he's a very sweet man
but he says the same [ __ ] to me every
year he's like we love you Sean we just
we just love you we just love you tell
me have you found Jesus have you found
Jesus Sean it's like dude bro I live in
LA I found hey soos okay I went to my
first concern Yara
it was magical my best friend growing up
there his name was Andy he was a Jewish
kid I was a Hindu together we were the
hinge oh yes the worst superhero poor
eyesight and bad allergies that it is
you understand smoking the weed in
Indiana is illegal every time I go back
there I feel like Harriet Tubman
returned it back to the south I saw
so and people out here who go back home
and they smoke don't know what I'm
talking about you have to have a connect
when you go back [ __ ] hippie dude is
shaking his head like he knows what the
[ __ ] on Tonga yeah you got a little
wookie down there I'm pretty sure fella
I'm all right he's not the ninth right
you have a connect when you go back home
Andy is my conect-r it's annoying
because he's afraid to let his wife find
out that he smokes weed yes she runs his
[ __ ] like Belichick runs the Patriots
she runs his [ __ ] okay she has five cats
this [ __ ] is allergic to cats
okay he takes medicine so she can have
cats it's stupid I don't understand
that's the loneliest [ __ ]
[Music]
anything for [ __ ] man how many dudes in
here run the relationship who's like
this guy runs a relationship it's just
one wife beater a drum
[Applause]
are we the most pussy-whipped dude in
this [ __ ] room I promise it yeah so
but everytime I smoke with Andy in fact
we always got to hide from his wife so
we're smoking upstairs there's no
insulation it's winter I'm like freezing
right to make it worse he always says
dumb [ __ ] when he's high like we're
smoking and he's like if I was alive
during the Holocaust I totally want to
stop that [ __ ] like what really where
are we right now my attic yeah
exactly you're a Jew hiding in an attic
you wanna stop [ __ ]
we're not smoking we're Anne franking
right now is what we're done with his
shitty ass Indiana weed I don't think
this is weed I think this is [ __ ]
kale or something I swear to God
[Music]
I'm a newly single that feels good
right time yeah sure yeah you know I'm
lonely there's a thing I feel bing sing
around New Year's that was time
perfectly on my part right that's great
nothing highlights your loneliness like
the new year's countdown can they write
three two one you have nobody right
that's where it always feels like so
that's good
here's the thing my ex and I we fought a
lot which is gonna happen in every
relationship we start fighting about
such a stupidest little things she was
really into astrology uh any ladies into
that stuff now you're [ __ ] nuts
that's Oh maybe I don't know enough
about it to understand where you're
coming from but she would use it to
justify arguments I thought that was
really unfair you know you get a huge
fight in the next morning she's like oh
my god I'm so sorry
I went to I'm I kind of crazy that night
I feels really does I should told you
what's happening with me right now is
that my retro grave is out of sync with
the fire bone and so because I'm an
Aries and you're a Gemini it's not
really the ideal mug for zodiac energy
so it's like wow that is really
impressive that is really impressive I
gotta hand it to you that might be the
fanciest description of bipolar disorder
I think I've ever heard somebody break
down I don't know you could tell me we
had it like that and we were long
distance which is not gonna work out
you're not in the same place all the
time you have to rely on the phone to
communicate and man the phone creates
all these arguments that you don't
anticipate it really sucks I would text
her every night before we go to bed and
one that I texted her I love you sleep
tight baby and my iphone autocorrects it
- I love you sheet tits lady and that's
not a very nice thing so somebody she
did [ __ ] if she's already in secured
from a distance so she flips out she's
like who the [ __ ] pit lady tiny sign
that though maybe I don't even know what
she tits are that's a new term for me -
like we're in this together
that was clearly a mistake on the phones
part so just take a deep breath calm
down and call me back you know just call
me evidence how much oh it's a good
sheep impression that autocorrect is a
devil isn't it Jesus Christ they come up
with the solution they're gonna have it
exist come up with a solution
it's not fair to many compromising
situations my buddy texted me two days
ago that's a true story
hey man what you doing I go chilling
just cooked up some baby back ribs
iPhone autocorrects a-- - chilling just
cooked up some baby black kids house
like that's not what i'm doing right now
hello that couldn't be further from
what's been happening right now and then
I did and then I thought about it well
[ __ ] even if I was cooking up some baby
black kids wouldn't context my friend
about it I'll tell you that much can I
keep that Seager in here where it
belongs information you want to share
with the public
I'm glad you guys laughter that joke
some people don't think that's funny
this guy came on we have to show a
couple nights ago he's like oh yeah it's
good [ __ ] man cooking up baby black kids
haha real funny more the cook it up baby
black kids that's good [ __ ] baby to my
kids who knows huh put ketchup no soy
sauce on the mother does he'll make them
all delicious and [ __ ] yeah man whoo
cook it up baby black kids Thank You Man
I think it is so uncomfortable right now
because he was white and I was H Bryan
up attacking my country that's confusing
for people figure out who you are
I can't help my son with anything you
know he this this last week before
school and I'm trying to do math
homework with them sixth grade math
homework and I'm like bro we got this it
was a word problem I'm like dude we got
this man we sat down the kitchen table
pencils sharpened let's do this and I'm
like boom and I realized I don't got
this he's like dad you got to help me
like alright and the word problem was
insane this I'm not making this up this
is the word problem it was his Peggy and
Pam went to lunch and the bill comes and
Pam only has eight dollars but Peggy
says don't worry about it
I've got two fifths of the bills here
with Peggy said don't worry about it I
got two cents to that how much is the
bill what the [ __ ] is that no one in
this room has ever said two kids to
anything no one's ever said hey man want
to get a round of beers yeah man I'll
take the next two boost of the round I
got that no one says that want to get an
ounce a week not to fish for me please
one do an eight ball of coke after the
show I'll take tooth this right here
look - I'm a - fish guy that's who I am
no one ever said that my son was like
you're scaring me
I need something to write down I go
right piggies room right that our
piggies rude no one likes piggy
right right piggies going to live and
die with a lot of cats write that down
you know right right right no one likes
you Peggy right right I hate Peggy write
that in that I hate Peggy when your
teacher asks you write your wrote that
down tell your only did two fifths of
the problem
what's the party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos the lyrics
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see is live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vanya's
don't block your blessing uh yeah
being a well-spoken black I get treated
like one of the good ones it's real
troublesome sometimes you're saying
people don't know how militant I am it's
funny I was thinking about time machines
dude time machines are not for black
people
no for real especially if they only go
backwards how far can I go back four to
six years four to six you know I mean
and you know what I would do though if I
had a time machine I will go back to
1777 because just me walking down the
road would be a revolutionary Act in
1777 you mean they'd be looking at me
walking on the road to me and a porch
isn't [ __ ] they'd be like who when the
[ __ ] would let their slave get that fat
hey boy what you doing you're free to
Pickers yada yada you know and you know
whatever having my backpack portable DVD
player you know to be queued up nastiest
interracial gang can you imagine those
dudes seeing that video that the slave
owners see the interracial getting back
you notice how I talk about where's the
Harlem Globetrotters for happy white
girl spin around Regina City Hall
fingers
give it up James Davis everybody James
Davis I'm like I'm a professional token
black friend I do that you know no for
real like I have a lot of white friends
and I'm their only black friend
a lot of white people don't like being
the token black friend I don't know
what's what's wrong with being the token
black friend at all the [ __ ] in the
world they chose me you know makes me
feel special I'm their LeBron I was a
number one draft pick and the black fan
lottery
I took my talents to Caucasia you know
the only thing is this why people when
you do have a token black friend that is
exclusive okay you can't be go out on
the world making new black friends
behind your first black friends back you
know it's like you've been cheated on
you know that happened to me I showed up
to play beer pong with the white homies
I walked through the door there's this
unidentified Negro in the corner I was
like wow wow
okay okay okay cliff Todd Jeff over here
team meeting um little cuz this um I
didn't know you were seeing new black
friends
I'm gonna be real I'm hurt guys I feel
betrayed
what does this do bring it to the table
that I'm not you know I mean I've taught
you all the new dances put you onto some
gang signs introduce you to King gumbo
the other day like what else can I do
and what made it worse was that this
dude was darker than me had dreadlocks
was missing a couple teeth it was like
they had upgraded and blackness you know
now I'm at home watching TV one and
Beetee trying to out black this [ __ ]
make a long story short I'm teaching my
white friends Swahili you know we're
working on our cliques right now our
spear throws well I won't be I won't be
beat I will not lose I will not lose we
got to work on that that's black
friendship 101
single man I'm single I'm single and I'm
shy that's a bad combo it's real weird
like I'll be at a bar looking at a girl
my friends will be like just go talk to
that girl she ain't gonna bite it's like
dude I'm not worried about her biting me
I'm worried about going up there and
having nothing to say like at least she
bit me we could talk about that [ __ ] man
you bite someone you know them man skip
over that small talk you know can't do
that small talk there's so many crazy
things going on like we all shot out of
a stomach onto a rock that's spinning at
70,000 miles an hour through space
that's heated by a star and you want to
talk about [ __ ] Snooki's tweet like I
was talking to shake the other guy's
she's all like oh my god I can't believe
Kim and Kanye named their baby that oh
my god what's up with Justin Bieber this
is so crazy I was like yeah it's kind of
weird but you wanna know what's really
crazy you got a [ __ ] skeleton inside
of you right now oh my god dude there's
a skeleton in here hold me up down but
you never meet a girl like that you're
never meet a girl at a bar she's never
to be like oh my god I can't believe I'm
filled with blood
I got these holes in my body but the
blood doesn't come out and talk to that
girl [ __ ] baby tell me about your holes
you know okay oh my god
yo saw you looking at me like you ain't
got a skeleton oh but you do oh yeah I
said guarantee it's weird being single
man it's like sometimes girls are very
demanding and you gotta like lie
sometimes just to meet their [ __ ]
expectations like I was on a date with
this chick recently she's all like only
like guys who paint only like guys who
love to travel and I love goal setters
and I don't smoke you don't smoke do you
I was like [ __ ] now really like only
when I drink
she's like you drink I was like [ __ ]
not really only when I paint
she's like you paint and I was like yeah
only why not travels
yeah
how old are you guys you guys are 20 no
you haven't done anything or experienced
life in any way that's crazy
are you guys in high school no you're 20
W are you [ __ ] are you all [ __ ]
people have you not been able to get a
high school are you stupid
okay great I'm kidding
what well no but what mall do you guys
work at that's on me also rude are you
in college we're at and what are you
what is that is that a Catholic school
Christian so what would you like to do
with your degree when you get out of
Christian school oh you wanna be a
doctor
what kind hematologist [ __ ] I don't know
what that is either
you don't know yeah there you go
even at Christian College there's always
one right I have I can care here to
drink the sacrament wine and party Oh
what are you are you celebrating
something tonight who's a little brother
you are you from Florida yeah you you're
still there so you moved from Florida to
Michigan yeah okay I was gonna say
that's a terrible weather decision you
made football I played football up
position [ __ ] why is everybody laughing
I'm not now in college I was the
starting Becker what are you I don't
even know what that means I don't
actually know what position yeah all
right cool oh I get it yeah
I guess how many dumb people as he had
to talk to you about that
I catch footballs dummy okay you look
very shy let me talk to you for a while
I'm kidding what's up what's your name
Diane what do you do what are you
studying really you know that I was a
sign language interpreter for many years
oh you don't believe me boom in your
face no my parents are actually both
deaf
yeah they're super into hip-hop yeah
how's is your handsome boyfriend your
answer I'm not trying to [ __ ] you but
you're a good-looking dude I think I can
say that without it being weird right
look at him girls he's good-looking
they're Christian they're not trying to
[ __ ] you either they're just gonna
observe the miracle God hath made are
you a model you were for real cuz if I
was I'd be like no yeah I may not be
like I would never said you were a model
for real like what kind of stuff did you
model I mean but like what like
Abercrombie you were you're an
Abercrombie model oh and I'm being weird
for Santi who looks good that's [ __ ]
pornography got so many dudes of jerked
off to you that's crazy you were an
Abercrombie model I mean it's not bad
it's just like that because to me an
Abercrombie model is the the ultimate
like that's what in terms of luck white
that's as white as you get like you
could be it's like it's like Nazi and
then Abercrombie and Fitch model
I mean what's that you're German because
that works I'm German no my friend don't
be that jovial about it how that works
I'm German that's cool yeah that's cool
you were I think that I respect that you
were an Abercrombie model it's cool all
these girls are just like sliding out of
their chairs
I guess I'm what I'm saying is they're
[ __ ] are gettin moister
the [ __ ] are moistening up is what
I'm sayin they're they're they're
secreting is what I felt you guys didn't
all know what I meant one thing is that
they're sliding out of their chose
because there's a little like there's a
okay like sometimes when you're driving
okay you know like you'll be driving and
then on a night like tonight it'll start
raining right and you'll be driving
along and you're happily driving and
you're just like [ __ ] got real at the
club and you're just driving along and
then the rain starts there's an area of
rain and then your car you go whoa oh
that's one set all of the little tires
of their butts or them and the the
traction control light of their clitoris
is like right no but then that's that
moat that sensation isn't traveling up
they're nervous nervous system into
their brain and then it's like ah John
3:16 what do I do and then they're
trying to make it go back down and then
and then it just makes more and then
that back Jesus kind of thing I gotta
get married quickly and then you know to
tell all of that kind of smell that
entered that sexual energy then creates
a little ball that then sort of it
floats off into a psychic ball floats
off into the world and kind of elongates
and then I throw I grab the ball cuz
I've been had my eyes on them to hold on
sir-sir don't talk through this don't
talk through this is gonna be the best
thing you've ever seen your life okay so
I grab that little ball and I and I take
that psychic sexual energy ball and I
just toss that ball as fast as I can
shut the [ __ ] up then I toss a ball as
fast as I can and then I just hope to
god somebody will catch it too and then
and then BAM there's a wide receiver who
just chicken
all the way down and then she's on the
sidelines cheerleading she's like go
team go team go team witches go team in
ten languages you might have been able
to guess and then at the end he grabs it
and he spikes the ball ah and the ball
explodes and then just that what it just
sort of shoots up into the air and then
it's Jesus but it's not Jesus it's Jesus
with even better ABS it's it's a German
Abercrombie and Fitch model floating
above the field goal and he says he says
I am the way the truth and the light
nobody gets a touchdown but by me
something like that I think that's what
I was trying to get it you guys have
been fantastic have a wonderful night
[Applause]
but I get what you get pissed off at the
grocery store I get it I get what it's
annoying it's an annoying place there's
no good way to leave the grocery store
it's impossible they don't let you just
like check out you go to the cashier
when to the cashier at the grocery store
become the Center for Disease Control
and Prevention
when did me buying food mean I have to
donate money for diseases I know it
sound like an [ __ ]
but let's get real once or twice a year
I'll throw a buck in a boot let's party
every time I buy food I got to go
through this [ __ ]
just walk up there she's like do you
want to donate some money today to help
cure prostate cancer like no just the
food what the only time I'll donate
money is if there's a hot girl behind me
in line hot girl behind me in line I'm
Bill Gates I love to donate when there's
a hot girl behind me online it's like do
you want to donate some money today to
health care muscular dystrophy I'm like
oh boy do I yeah I uh I absolutely do hi
Horry I personally I hate it when
dystrophy gets caught inside of the
muscular's I'm like no no I hate that
yeah put me down for a quarter seal it
right here what's the deal love you it's
better than the electronic check out the
electronic check out simply just doesn't
[ __ ] work it's not ready for Earth
yet you walk up to that thing you'd
better get used to turf bagging area
you're gonna hear ninety five times
sois cup it's like please scan first
item okay place item in bagging area I'm
already an identified item in bagging
area what
remove last item for bagging area item
removed from bagging area yet you said
to take it out place last item a bagging
area this okay unidentified item and bag
nervous let's try to tell you remove
last item for bagging area item removed
from bagging area [ __ ] I swear to God
place last item in bagging area
unidentified item at bagging area remove
my excited for bagging area item removed
from bagging area place last item in
bagging area unidentified item at bag
and removed last item for banger I
didn't remove the banger place that same
for bag it open your losing your [ __ ]
the light goes off above you right
you're a problem some more it works
there comes over no idea what they're
doing let's get real very combative so
what did you do
I'm sorry instead of you said what did I
what did i do no what did you do okay
fix this thing how many times I have to
stand here and have a robotic woman shot
begging area at me sorry to hear that
sir do you want to donate somebody
didn't help your muscular dystrophy like
where are your watermelons it's my time
guys my name is Gareth Reynolds enjoy
the rest of show thank you
no malaria clean comedy but tonight
who's having sex tonight who's having
sex make some noise everybody who's
having sex fine
who's dry humping at least who's dry
humping all right it's funny when I said
I said who's having sex like there's
some couples only one member was like
the other girls like so much pressure
[Music]
every time like a commune says something
like ng uncomfortable like people always
like reach further drink any time people
feel uncomfortable and I'm gonna come
here for a while like I always look from
up there in the back like especially
when we have like two Asian comedians in
a row people always get all weird I like
what I'm gonna have like two white black
Latino comedians I don't know what it
cares you know you have two Asian
communities in a row like black guys
always like which means this some
[ __ ] - Chinese wonderful yeah I'd
rather watch claimer his racist ass
guys always leave back in the white
people lean forward they go honey did
you check the website terminations in a
row participation right I want to go out
with the ones I read about me - Asian
right the guys I was like don't worry
babe he's not gonna do like
stereotypical she's not gonna have a bad
accent oh but I will
I'm always buying that one white couple
I look straight at them I go oh I know
you don't like Asian driver
when I arrived I tried to adjust I
cannot find and then I questioned who
you you're like totally alumni pakka me
put your over a ninth-grade that's
literally how money my friends that
cursed that's how many curse that I like
yes his dad oh yeah he took us to this
house party and his dad was like an
elder at a church said no so we went to
his room and he was flipping on hate my
god hey it's Ted open the door saw that
Hey like he's like veins will pop me I
like
[Music]
so I don't know what's more embarrassing
is the fact that a 40 years old and I
tried Molly for the first time last year
or I was hanging out with other 40 year
olds that gave it to me for the first
time last year
what an amazing trip that [ __ ] is well
hell have I been all my life you know
you I see you know I did you know you
know what I blamed that on my father I
grew up with a military father and it
was very strict
everything was militant we like
everything was his way or the highway
all right you know we couldn't have long
hair we couldn't have facial hair you
know we couldn't have tattoos no
piercings of any kind couldn't wear your
hat in the house and I swore like when I
when I left the house I was gonna do all
of that [ __ ] and all I had was a goatee
so I'm gonna move out soon yeah
I just got to get that nerve to get out
so nice when your mom just does your
laundry makes you a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich so bad oh man and I
couldn't believe like the trip at it
like I don't know man this euphoria that
you go through is just unbelievable like
I want to be honestly there like and I I
don't know anything about this drug when
I took it I was I was very green I don't
know the lingo I don't know the
terminology and we were in Vegas last
weekend for EDC and didn't even know
what the hell the festival is about I
just I just went all right now I don't
know if you've ever been to a rave or a
music festival like that but man you
have to be on this [ __ ] in order to
understand how all that cuz what cuz I'm
this music is loud and I'm like DJ
wasn't having it but we're in the hotel
room and my buddy's like dude he goes
Rene I know you don't know why we're
here but I'm gonna be honest with you
he's like we're gonna be doing Molly
we're gonna be rolling hard this weekend
and I was like you know what bro if
there's any rollin gonna be involved I
got a bad back this is not gonna happen
for T be very uncomfortable doing Molly
in front of all you guys what time is
she come into the room like I need
singles do I need to pull out some cash
I feel it in my body still I'm like wow
okay so this is the problem that I have
doing drugs for the first time that I've
never done before like you know because
when you do something for the first time
like you start to overthink the process
and that's the problem so now your body
becomes tense so you're not letting the
drug take effect so the whole time I
took this pill so I'm like like my
body's tense I'm like okay am i right am
i doing it now they're like a rifle okay
am i rolling
i rollin am i rolling and i just don't
know it am i rolling i just don't know
what comes up was that that we're
freaking out so about like 2025 minutes
and I'm like I got nothing you know cuz
I wasn't waiting I wasn't letting it
take effect on my body so now I'm like
this [ __ ] is wack oh boy some funk [ __ ]
man I was like oh and then right about
two minutes after that black the [ __ ]
out I don't know where I was I didn't
know who I was I I know my name and I
didn't give a [ __ ] oh my god
by the time I came to my senses I
literally turned into a 15 year old
cheerleader I'm not getting it I was
doing [ __ ] I never done before in my 40
years existence on this planet like I'm
sitting there just dancing this music is
boom boom
I was on one
I don't know if there's going to be
funny I honestly don't think this is the
right time in the set to do this bit but
this is one this is what's been making
me laugh lately whenever I'm stuck in
traffic or I'm lying in line at the post
office or whenever I need to make myself
laugh not a comedy bit just something I
do to myself whenever I need to I don't
know if it's going to work
whatever being honest and vulnerable
when I need to make myself laugh I love
to picture Lenny Kravitz let right one
guys like I'm already there
just picture em get [ __ ] picture um a
lot of you are like it's coming just
picture him where does he need to be for
that to be funny at the grocery store
like fruity pebbles you know what I mean
like what the [ __ ] I don't know how he
talked about how he talked Oh Ruby
Campbell I like to picture Lenny Kravitz
in any simulus of any situation where he
needs to say his full name
so he's like clawing the bag he's like
higher Citibank yeah like to check my
balance uh-huh uh-huh my name Leonard
Kravitz
that is the bit in its entirety I am
driving around he's going Leonard at the
[ __ ] post-office hi you have a
package for me yeah you don't recognize
I won't you get away go grab it
Leonard his name is Leonard the man who
looks like the opposite of a Leonard his
name is Leonard
if the dictionary clue was Leonard I
would draw Lenny Kravitz and cross it
out and you would get Leonard because I
oh you mean Leonard because that does
not look like a Leonard his first name
is Leonard Leonard Kravitz you have that
you're welcome for the rest of your life
someone is breaking your heart like
dammit truly we've been emotionally
system for years Leonard Kravitz and
just run out of the house
[Music]
you
I would like to leave you with a scene
is a scene that I wrote you guys ever
remember those commercials those that
dr. Scholl's commercials where everyone
was yelling I wrote I wrote my own
Gellin commercial except hearing that
the twist is one of the guys in the
commercial wasn't paying attention you
just wasn't paying attention and then
was in this Gellin commercial that would
go something like this
guys hey Mike you Gellin you know it
baby gelling like Magellan hey Steve you
gelling oh yeah baby gelling like a
felon hey Paul you John was working in
retail if you're gonna happen
what's up hey what all right thanks my
what Steve might what my jelly okay cut
pass sorry pass what Steve and my
download that means what does that mean
Steven my jelly I'm gonna hold on a
second what the [ __ ] is that means my my
what am I wearing dr. Scholl's insoles
that's what was so important yet
interrupt Oh cookout why am i racing my
boys I don't know Steve why are you
cock-blocking me for the third Memorial
Day in a row where you go what I was
being nice I don't care what cousin I
don't look what you did to him this is
what you wanted are you jealous a
wearing sandals deep can seek a doctor
spills I was my crush
this is they absolutely likes him we're
all here can we talk about the orange
elephant in the room can we really talk
about it
can we just accept the fact that Donald
Trump is our president not hashtag not
my present like a bunch of fun nukes
could be okay with that he's our present
I think it's good
anyone else I think it's [ __ ] good to
try yeah yeah it's [ __ ] good cuz
here's the deal people guess what we're
all going to [ __ ] die no here we are
we are and most of us going to I really
like boring slow painful deaths we're
gonna be hospice hooking tutus having
Parkinson's just shaking little
grandkids come around like yeah why does
grandpa's Bell you're just [ __ ]
yourselves like I'm a pirate but not
with President Trump we get to die in
the apocalypse people oh my god that's
exciting you guys excited about what
[ __ ] you really you're not excited but
you got to vaporize that's [ __ ]
awesome that's [ __ ] amazing right if
you don't vaporize and you live you get
to fight for your [ __ ] life
that's exciting Cole Foods trying to get
a can of quinoa some [ __ ] with a yoga
mat to beat you to devil and if you do
escape you run outside some of the tesla
runs you over because you can't hear
those [ __ ] things right and then when
you do die you're in the afterlife you
get bragging rights for [ __ ] eternity
that's amazing right you die in the
[ __ ] pocalypse man season bellick how
did you go man who's a good i've died of
old age and prison you're like I'm sorry
mr. Cosby I [ __ ] evaporator
Donald Trump got drunk eat wheat at 3:00
a.m. hey Kim Jong you got a small penis
guess what three minutes later online
Chipotle I [ __ ] vaporize some young
Mexican kids eh hey man I'm here cuz of
Trump to your arm again he's like no I
fell off the wall
my point is J Trump guys that's my
[ __ ] point now just me cool moving on
I'm crying as junk I'm crying shut the
[ __ ] up
I'm gonna move to Canada [ __ ] move to
Canada I need an apartment I got bigger
issues I'm trying to get a guest arm
bones [ __ ] you
you ever just go on Facebook I was just
yelling opinion you're like oh man I
wish I believed in anything as much as
everyone believes in their opinions on
Facebook it's unbelievable
I read statuses all day it's just like
I'll show you how to fix the economy and
I'm at home just like Sam Sam is gonna
fix the economy
Sam vomiting and uber like two months
ago what a turnaround for Sam it's not
real but it happens because of the
support facebook is this vacuum of
support it's only support like the life
updates kill me will you ever see life
updates or somebody's just like woke up
this morning I mean in the unbelievably
nothing event and put every comment just
some version of yah yah yah yah
and nothing else because you've
unfriended everybody who would say
otherwise
so you Truman show yourself you're
looking at Truman Show reality it's so
unhealthy hi this is real a couple this
was a couple weeks ago I saw a girl
poses statuses verbatim
she goes I just got fired from my third
job this year this is [ __ ]
why can't I catch a break
and all of her friends were like yeah
Stephanie your garden
[ __ ] them they don't know yeah and I was
that I understand home like so nobody's
gonna have an honest conversation with
Stephanie I mean three jobs in a year I
mean that's a check engine light it has
to be the check engine light goes on to
your car you take it to a mechanic you
change something in the car here just
saw your friend from high school you
haven't spoke to in like 10 years I got
it's going fine right he's like yeah
[Music]
what's up party people
i'm comedian Ron jeez you think that
videos the lyrics feel free to like
share and comment on the video below or
you can see us live at Hollywood Long
Beach Reno and Vania don't block your
blessing uh yeah
all right not all of you are on board
yet so let's talk about gay marriage I
uh my cousin came out last summer
thirteen year old cousin came out real
proud of him he called me up out of
nowhere
well I should know so here's what
happened he actually he posted on
Facebook he's posted on Facebook I don't
know where he goes hey everyone I'm gay
and I called him because I was like you
know what I think it's really brave that
he doesn't have to pretend to be
something he's not for the next five
years of life or be ashamed of who he is
so I called him tell not proud I was of
him and then I realized that maybe he
didn't come out maybe his friends are
just [ __ ] with his facebook as he's
13 that's what happens when you leave
your facebook open at the friend's house
here 13 years old one of your idiot
French goes hey Bruno gay and your
creepy cousin goes like a bird of you
like that's what happened that's what
would happen right that's what would
happened that is what did happen and
that's that's not what happened but I
was I was actually in Kentucky Election
Day 2004 when they'd been gay marriage
and just in the nick of time because
that was happening all over Kentucky in
2004 just couldn't go two feet without
stumbling into a gay wedding and uh I
don't understand what anyone has against
gay marriage sometimes people hide
behind the idea of like I'm a
traditionalist I'm like you got the word
wrong it's bigot
because people will say that the CEO of
chick-fil-a said that he's like I
support traditional marriage between one
man and one woman I'm like you're so
ignorant you don't know what traditional
marriage means traditional marriage
between one man a couple of women some
goats and some other [ __ ] that's
tradition and then we evolved what if
you just owned slaves is like why do you
own slaves like tradition like no that's
ridiculous that's ridiculous CEO chick
plays not culture enough to quote
fiddler but my point is that
he should not be allowed to tell me
where or not I can stick my dick unless
he was like not in the chicken all right
I apologize you put that on the window
although for next time but oppressive
laws go away when it becomes
inconvenient for the ruling class that's
the way it works that is the way it
works like back in the day it was
illegal for a woman to get remarried
when her husband died yeah and then one
day a really hot woman's husband died
and the king was like it is a dumb law
we have not thought this through and
then when we got the right to vote there
was other [ __ ] in between it's a short
set I have to cut corners
the girls a better complement to each
other you know oh my god making you
battle in your hair and then you get
[ __ ] up and those compliments to the
backhanded compliments oh my god Thanks
no other make it no so for anything you
have to pay for it just real quick [ __ ]
like that you guys are just [ __ ]
throw your friends under the bus after a
couple of vodka tonics but you girls do
know what you can handle
booze wise that's why it's a you know
weight better than guys [ __ ] tequila
on the floor it doesn't matter I don't
need a glass to [ __ ] save the
environment to girls you know if control
of your booze intake I respect that
because every girl knows that there's
like one drink in her life that it was
like a phase a [ __ ] up a chapter of
your of your journey and uh and you
don't do it anymore right and that's
good you recognize that I can't do back
anymore
and just I can't that was the old me
that was the own Kimberly oh I like to
wave to her every now and then she's
down there hello yeah it's a new year
it's a new me I'm trying to really /
that I just you know I wish I could I
wish I could do vodka I just I can't I
don't trust myself I'm that guy anymore
I don't like Who I am I'm a different
person it's that you can ask Marissa
remember Cabo remember on the bus
hitting [ __ ] but she members what idea
that was I was a piece of [ __ ] it's just
that be drinking specific behavior for
me that's why it's tough to gauge Shawn
get a response IVA like tequila makes me
horny
yeah or makes me violent yeah it does
you put them together and does you know
look at the glass summer I do tequila
Jager combo shot and I [ __ ] the guy who
stole his boat so yeah that's how the
water
[Music]
I got to get my act together though I'm
in my 30s I don't have health insurance
I haven't been to the doctor in 13 years
out of sight out of mind that's what I
say
can't get diabetes if nobody diagnoses
you that's a fact I have to get creative
with health care I take a real
fleamarket approach
it's either wholesale or do-it-yourself
those are my only two options I'm not
paying retail recently I chose to pay
120 dollars cash to have a tooth pulled
because I could not afford a root canal
that's some real 19th century nonsense
right there paying cash for dental work
look and there's a man up on possum
Ridge he'll pull you tooth for a day's
wage yeah you tell him I sent you o-tama
maybe you could barter trade some
cornmeal months later I had a kidney
stone did not go to the ER when I had my
kidney stone I bought a home remedy
manual online yeah first one in the
manual I tried it it worked it's called
the asparagus remedy so yeah it's gonna
be a good Friday night what I had to do
all in an hour's span I had to drink
three pounds of pureed asparagus a liter
of distilled water in a liter of Cola
all in an hour also encouraged me to
jump up and down occasionally to help
loosen up the stone so here I am two
o'clock in the morning jumping up and
down drinking asparagus doing some
white-trash voodoo [ __ ] and then it
dawned on me while Dave you have the
same health care plan as a Confederate
soldier all right yeah there you go
champion praying to God I don't get an
ingrown toenail or else I'll have to
sedate myself with opium and amputate my
own damn foot
you
I'm solving during Brazilian exactly
someone decided I would like Carson Daly
get too much bread that's right I don't
have too much do I speak fluent Spanish
it's amazing my rock rocks my whitening
my real name is for my full name is
prevent the crowd the butcher I'll tell
you say it to you presented like but no
so want someone screws on my name right
oh my Grob because anyone people say
what bird oh well Bruno's not sexy
that's not exciting I'll be at the bank
they'll be like a there are a rubber toe
Carlo of the roaches at least if you're
hanging out with your friends or game at
this house that was his name
Roberto you'd like to look at home with
his parents is he clean is porcupine
what he's doing right for every Diana
this cos that was just a Google book
other don't you though you're Smeal
don't even speak Spanish the Lamont so
it is easy a matador what is he
does he know the worst nastasi doing
these cygnets does he make pop bats
aren't the bacon at 3 o'clock in the
morning but it's a tune let's prove it
to eat what does he do stereotypes do
speak Spanish though some people guitar
to the expander syntax which is your
room isn't allowed to put ja ja ja ja ja
ja ja
what's your Asian then you pour avoir
I've been working on some stuff here
this is I'm gonna work on these
impersonations this is Christopher
Walken if he spoke Spanish I just play
along
oh yeah well Christopher coming on door
this is he thought must come panel alike
that's it some of you got going you know
I like coming under that's good disguise
like what the [ __ ] I don't know
brownish night all right this is this is
Donald Trump at the spoke Spanish relax
everyone
let me just say that many people are
what yeah yeah
nice buried in China yes earlier in SU
mentiroso
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
see a lot of couples liquor out I'm not
good I'm not going women I'm shy
offstage don't look like hangout parties
my drink by the wall all my friends
getting no girls like yo she's blonde
like yo this wall mahogany I was at the
party this girl approached me I thought
she wasn't asking me to dance I got
excited I was like oh yeah it's what I
do when I get excited I just turned to
Beyonce I was like just for black girls
behind me get it boo you get it both
I was feeling I was like Sam put your
game face on which is just my attempt to
trying to cure my Tourette's so she
don't see me twitch it's not just there
harder and she was drunk so she look
away and I got my twitch inna popping
I've tried to hold it what's that oh
yeah you got a look over there more
often this is great okay
she gave up I thought she was gonna ask
me a dance I get so excited and that
girl put change in my cup like I was
homeless I was at a party she would
change I was offended at first but I'm
Jewish so I was like yeah drinks on me
and I made it rain on myself
fellas if you watch a girl right now
ask her what she do if she had a dick
yes but be [ __ ] prepared okay be
prepared because they've all thought
about it and it's never a good at it's
never something positive and admirable
like I'd be President or I'd be logical
it's never something like that it's
always something bad like who are you
how do you feel like I know you you
would smack other women in the head with
you not hypocritical that you won't let
me put it near her face and you're just
gonna smack other women in the head and
how do you know it would be that long
all right don't work that way
everybody it's not like a story it
doesn't work like that lady all y'all
would have a huge dick I'm looking at
something I did something small
[Music]
can I just tell you a quick story this
is a this is actually a true story I
know a lot of people say it's a true
story but this is this is a true story
and it is huge I'm gonna say about the
time I crop dust at Jack Nicholson since
we're in Hollywood I think this is
appropriate yeah what happened was uh
I've always been a big fan you know I
don't find a fan of his or just um like
um terrified of him you know I don't
know what it is you know but it's Jack
Nicholson and I did a small part in an
Adam sailin movie called anger
management and he was in the movie and
wasn't that good and I'm sitting across
the I was sitting across from table from
him on the first day and I thought it
was a like at a medium Jack Nicholson
you know The Shining all that stuff and
um and I finally got the nerve to go
over there I was so scared my heart was
beating but I knew this was a great
opportunity to meet him and and I
finally I saw my window and I went over
there and I tapped him on the shoulder
said hey Jack he said you've been
golfing over to Sherwood Country Club
lately if he looked at me he goes what
and now I'm really scared
you know mouth is all dry you know I
said have you been golfing over at
Sherwood Country Club lately he goes not
since the last time he asked me that
question I didn't know what he meant by
that and I asked him this like a year
ago and I forgot you know was that my
standard a question that has the big
celebrities or does he just talking
about when I just asked him he's been a
wise guy like you know you know I
thought about I I thought about this
that for like a year after that
I'm figure out what did he mean by that
what do you mean by that and then I saw
him like you know a year later at some
big Hollywood party I never go to those
things but this was like the Hollywood
Wax Museum everybody was there
Christopher Walken Harrison Ford George
Lucas
Princess Leia was there Al Pacino and I
saw Jack Nicholson in the middle of the
room I thought oh my god this is my
chance to redeem myself and I was
waiting for the right time to go over
there because he's always talking to
somebody everybody wants to talk to Jack
Nicholson so I waited and I waited for
the right window I would be a good
assassin because I know when to wait you
know where to go and finally I saw my
window and I went over there my heart
again I'm scared and I'm passing walking
I don't care about him for it I don't
care Leia I don't care I get over to
Jack Nix I'm tap him on the shoulder and
he turns around
said hey Jack you've been golfing over
it uh sure and right then Al Pacino
tapped him on the shoulder they totally
turned his back to me like that he
snubbed me Jack Nixon snubbed me and he
started talking to Pacino and I was just
staring at his back it looked like I was
waiting in line to talk to Al Pacino but
I didn't care about him anyway I must
have something to eat that day that
didn't agree with me and I crop-dusted
Jack Nicholson up and down his back and
I think Al Pacino caught some of the
fallout from it and I got out of there
because I knew was gonna be bad like one
patty and I would passed walking I don't
care lay I don't care back to my
starting point by the wall and and I
knew it was gonna be bad I felt like I
just felt like I just committed a big
crime and they're gonna find out in a
second and sure enough Jack Nicholson
stops talking in the middle of
conversation he goes Jesus Christ what
the hell died in here so not only did I
meet Jack Nicholson I got inside of them
hey thanks for being here
[Applause]
I've seen crime on my life I'm trying to
make myself better I can make life
easier
like I were a lot of Cologne like a lot
and I smell amazing and most guys best
pull them up with that bottle unless in
like three years
because once a month they're like bad
boys what a smell but it's three squirts
minimum and for a couple of inches felt
like mr. Colunga the rest night you
smell amazing
I go through an entire bottle of cologne
every three weeks what my friend goes do
do the math on that that's $50 a month
I'm gonna $600 a year my guys go in
every time I go out five women tell me I
smell amazing
I go out five nights a week that's 25
women a week it's a hundred a month it's
12 women a year that's 50 cents a chick
and raising the workload the first place
I don't have hands might get abs but
join a gym and gyms cost what about
fifty bucks a month understand I counted
the smell go up then lips yet as long
I used to be a model - hey I didn't say
last week a little while ago look at me
though this is what happens when you get
to your fifties let me tell you
something good-looking but wait till you
get to your fifties your body starts
breaking down get weird ailments anybody
here late 40s early 50s yeah
sucks doesn't it you ever stand still
you're just standing still a little side
out what happened to my ass holy [ __ ]
the [ __ ] Dingle in the ass the shock
in my foot it's like a rocky thing
anybody have a sneeze and [ __ ] up a camp
I didn't even think you could do it I'm
like Pat you are [ __ ] up never wake up
from a nap with a separated shoulder you
just wake up you're like whoo [ __ ] you
kicked my ass Ron oversleep good punch
we was Rocky he'll never get a twitch in
your eye and ask other people if they
could see it you start slapping your own
face [ __ ] is wrong with the eye I'm
lactose intolerant now I can't
cheese peeks of macaroni now I walk down
the dairy aisle and I fought
look at that milk in the dough I can't
even look at it I'm like look at the
milk I can't have the milk I have high
cholesterol so my doctor put me on
lipitor I started to take lipitor until
I saw the TV commercial to look at all
and the commercial tells you how great
it's gonna be but then it whispers and
speaks very quickly how it's gonna kill
you and make you [ __ ] boil while you're
sleeping
see you tomorrow take lipitor it will
lower your blood cholesterol level by
60% you die you [ __ ] I tried to
rewind the commercial didn't just say
I'm gonna [ __ ] oil I think I'd rather
have high cholesterol and run the risk
of an oil slip out of my ass while I'm
talking to someone because that would be
my luck I'll be out on a date with a hot
lookin girl and she look at me go
Michael I think I smell [ __ ] but like
yeah but my cholesterol levels fade past
[Music]
everyone's holiday good boy yeah why was
weird man and if I can pick up my
parents in the Christmas Eve night a
pickup from Midway [ __ ]
[ __ ] air pours in whenever I knew
it was gonna suck this Christmas Eve you
know it's gonna make a nice one I put on
a Christmas hat I broke through
Christmas carols as we nice we're gonna
get to Midway they'll make it nice for
you you try to pull up to a spot and
pick up your family you haven't seen in
like a year to start the holiday and all
the sentence
[Music]
we're gonna be right out two seconds
why don't you like cards in your noggin
[ __ ] Park so you drive around 13
times you're in the cell phone with your
elderly parents 13 tie up pulls through
a spot right up front I leave no
holographic I pulled in a spot I see my
parents they're coming straight out of
the head of terminal 5 Oh dad please God
in heaven
I'm not going around one more [ __ ]
time
I'm not I'm 34 years old not getting
yelled at anymore bad so just walk
straight ahead okay just walk straight
ahead just walk straight I'm right here
just walk straight ahead I'm not even
kidding
[Music]
straight down
slow clock
don't do it in your [ __ ] life
[Applause]
you gotta move on come on so it's me
Christmas hat cars going here
it's my 70 year old father and my 68
year old mother doing what can only be
described as trying to run go go get a
[ __ ] dog
gonna come right back it now like we
robbed a bank we're not pulling away
Merry Christmas you look at this
[Applause]
that's how the holiday started
I like I like the holidays because I
know that like hipsters and weirdos have
to go home to their family it always
puts a smile on my face knowing that
they have to interact with real people I
just like imagine their dad just staring
out the window as his son pulls up on a
scooter he's here he's here he's got a
funny hat on this time
[Music]
you
[Music]
come on we got last live in times of
high alert war on terrorism every day or
the way Bush used to say war on the
tourists never thought I missed you at
Bush but I missed that much I miss Abe
Lincoln about right now I'm not afraid
of terrorists my mother was a terrorist
you should terrorize me and my brothers
every day she did every day in our house
was cold orange every day we were about
al Qaeda we were when she said I kill
you and we believed it because we lost
one I'm pretty sure I had a younger
brother I'd take one for the team that's
why I don't bother me when I go to the
airport was security laughs he was in
racial profiling hey if I see someone
getting on a flight I'm on and they
don't look right
I'll raise your profile - I will I'll
ask him I'd be like where you going
what'd you do you plan on seeing Allah
any time soon
I think if you look at certain way they
should make you fly on a certain airline
it sound like some Trump [ __ ] look like
this flower net
that's Taliban air don't bother me
whenever I go to the airport my name is
random chick random chick be like
pre-check no random chick step over
there step on the feet they have that
mat you got stuff on the feet get
blessed
yeah I don't get dressed till I get to
the airport
I don't I show a bit of g-string and
flip-flops yeah
put my [ __ ] on I get to security took my
that's the security threat tweezers you
can take over the world with tweezers
what the hell I'm gonna do with my
tweezers on airplane we took it like
30,000 feet Jim bye-bye everybody
y'all know addition ease
damn right they sit your ass down
don't nobody try to be no hero I'm gonna
start plucking people up starting with
this lady's eyebrows right here yep I'm
gonna pluck them out till she look
surprised
[Music]
I'm trying to be more mature as a person
it's not going well my favorite thing to
do in the world in my now in my 30s I'm
trying to grow up you know I go into
Starbucks in order some [ __ ] my gal take
a large coffee there like what's your
name I'm like Panisse I'm like stare at
him you know and I'm six seven I'm not a
tall man I'm a [ __ ] bear you know
it's it's a different thing so I'm like
Panisse
I'm from France you know it's my name
and I've looked it up they have to write
whatever name you say on the cup they
can't make fun of your name and the guy
looks back at me he's like how do you
spell that Panisse I'm like you [ __ ]
know how to spell and at that point
everyone knows what's happening but no
one can stop it that's the best thing
it's like they know what's happening but
they can't pump the brakes it's in
motion I'm like it's PE and is and keep
the thing about human nature is people
don't like to confront problems going to
pass the problems down the river you
know what I mean because that guy just
has to ride it the next guy
the next guys the poor bastard has to
say it out loud now that's when things
get fun for the big pair is having the
back of Starbucks I'm getting excited I
hate that [ __ ] guy see it's cuz he
gets cocky no the guy I'm tired of I was
like yeah I got a mochi on a potato
where's Tina you know I think it's like
oh my god it's mine he's like yeah enjoy
that [ __ ] you know he goes back to his
little [ __ ] dango he's mine right
he's like no it's not up yet you know
I'm like bro you're a [ __ ] servant
you should be like Tina this is for you
like your counter health you [ __ ]
know your place and they don't know
their place they think they're Oprah and
Santa Claus you know giving out presents
Betina paid for it
Tina doesn't owe him [ __ ] so my Cubs
coming and I know I'm about to teach
this little [ __ ] a lesson and I can't
hide my excitement I can't [ __ ] wait
and you can see it my eyes my pupils
dilate and I'm just in the back like
this
finally my cup gets there he's like yeah
I got a large coffee for uh I'm just
like say it yeah say my name say my
[ __ ] name and he does rise like penis
and every guy and there's like a deer
they're just like what the [ __ ] was that
like an 80 year old man chest bumps me
now he gets us a pic it's awesome
you guys want to talk about President
Trump is he yet look at that you say his
name 300 speakers just tighten up right
like that nobody knows what to make of
it that's all I'm gonna say about Trump
okay I guess it a lot of you hate him
and I'm not saying you're wrong for
Haiti okay I'm just gonna say this if he
were in another light of work with no
connection of politics whatsoever I
think you might feel differently about
him okay so I'm gonna say I want you to
just imagine like an alternate universe
right or he's not president but he's
your local weatherman you would love him
and don't you dare tell me otherwise you
would love him just look at all
miserable in front of the five-day
forecast with those bad suits with the
pants holding on for dear life with his
gun hanging out just saying all kinds of
inappropriate you would never miss
a newscast be like dude where are you
going where am I going
you up at 10:00 you know I love watching
that maniac
last night he did the weather with a kid
he told the kid you're seven you don't
believe in Santa Claus right I'm TV he
said this everything you hate about him
wouldn't matter if he's a weatherman
he gets his facts wrong shuttle
weatherman
he loves white stuff you ever see a
weatherman when it snows they lose their
mind shut the weather man would be
phenomenal
be ripping on his coworkers every night
coming up with different nicknames for
his co-anchors you'd be like so last
week she broke her heel on one shoe you
know what I started calling her crooked
Hillary make the weather great again
[Applause]
[Music]
it's hard to lose weight Kersey
everybody cooks with canola oil
vegetable oil corn oil our Mexican we
cook with lard
maanteeeca 5,000 calories per serving
my mama put lard on everything bacon
eggs ham chorizo I had a heart attack
when I was 12 I remember playing
kickball
what the [ __ ] to the teacher I don't
know the heart attack I thought I was
turning to spider-man my dad was too
cheap to take me to a doctor he took me
to a Mexican store bought order that's a
Mexican chiropractor with no degrees you
go there for a bad back when you leave
you can move your ankles
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
the funny thing was anybody hit back no
ice cream Sydney you've been all thank
you sir
Google's own sharpen no no the
refrigerator grandmother serving no hope
you love sir hey what's up sweet
[Music]
I don't know if you guys have any MEF
neighbors but if you don't get some
they're the best okay they fill my life
with wonder they're mesmerizing I don't
know what's happening in their house but
I can hear a lot it's so fun like
yesterday I heard a baby crying from
meThe neighbor's house and meThe
neighbors don't have a baby so I'm like
alright one of two things is happening
either meth neighbors have somebody
visiting who has a baby or and this one
is way more likely meth neighbors have
just stolen a baby it makes me so happy
I don't know that's the most fun they're
having a great time though that's what
sucks they're loving meth they love
hanging out in their garage coughing
their life is happy and I'm jealous
because I'm like meth neighbors
shouldn't be having a better life than
me but they are because I'm bummed out
man I realized how bummed I was recently
when I spent a full day listening to
Nine Inch Nails and getting it like
that's not a band you want to listen to
and then go yep that's how it is shrimp
head like a whole
yeah I am from I am from Colorado we got
to talk about this weed thing guys we
got to talk about this legal weed thing
I am all for it just because at least
now everyone will shut the [ __ ] up about
it you know cuz like I'm not like a weed
guy it just doesn't really do anything
for me like either that or it does just
like way too much for me you know like
if I smoke weed I'm either like a little
bit dumber or I can hear my fingernails
growing and all the time people are like
oh you just haven't found the right
strain for you you know I'm like okay in
my experience there's two strains
there's the one where I fall asleep and
there's the one where I quietly shriek
before falling asleep you guys got a no
to that like the only thing that happens
when you legalize weed is that you know
stoners have nothing left to talk about
like that's it literally the day we
legalized weed all the pot heads in
Colorado were like well [ __ ] that was
pretty much our plans for the day so
what are we gonna do now how do we fix
our roads and schools and they did the
only time we've made everyone more
productive it's amazing it's like
legalizing weed was like we just had to
get it out of the way so we could like
do real [ __ ] you know
yeah legalizing weed is like it was like
for liberals legalizing weed is like
jerking off first thing in the morning
you know
like you just got to do it so you can be
productive you know have a good day
that's it scream I don't know people
worry like people I say you know if you
we legalize weed is gonna be more drugs
in the hands of young people but when
you think about it most weed dealers
right now as it stands are 16 year olds
like they have all of the wheat the pot
shops will put them out of business
that's what we need I currently buy weed
from a kid named Zack whose mom loves
him way more than she should
legalizing weed is gonna ruin his
business model he's gonna have to sell
his dirtbike get his [ __ ] together also
like it's not it's not high schoolers
you got to worry about it's like white
moms and all of their friends you know
they're the ones who are getting way too
high and I know this because I have a
white mom and she has friends okay and
they all have the exact same story which
is like I took half of an edible it
didn't work in 20 minutes so I took
another edible a homerun and then I got
so high went into menopause ten years
earlier
wild because the thing is like today's
weed is like seventies weed on meth you
know so they think that just because
they smoked a couple groovy dudes back
in the day means that they're ready to
try a weed called anger venom OG doesn't
work that way doesn't happen that way
that's another thing if you notice that
they name the weeds like warnings of
what's gonna happen to you like you go
into the dispensary and they're like so
this is our new strain
it's called holy [ __ ] my eyebrows hurts
this next one is a it's an indica sativa
blend it's called neck punch you're
gonna find out right now and this last
one over here is just okay has anyone
here ever liked actually being in a
dispensary
it's like so for those of you who have
not it's a lot like it's wild like you
go in there and they make you like sit
in a waiting room and then a guy comes
and gets you and he's like hey I'm Seth
I'm gonna be the company you're Keo
today
that's cush executive officer like which
by the way I learned you do not need a
business degree for that so you know and
then he like leads you through he gives
you like a tour of the shop and he's
like here's our edibles our drinkables
our lotions our oils our tinctures our
flowers you just [ __ ] make me drive
around the block with you and put it in
the bag I don't you know I just want
like I get that it's legal but make me
feel like it's not you know
I don't know I just don't know I don't
know anything about weed they need to
make a dispensary for people like me
that's just called like my brother's
weird friend's dispensary and it's just
like a guy in a parking lot and he sells
it out of his Celica and it's just legal
it is
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is great to be here man with my
people I certa god is so nice it is so
now I've heard from all of the country
and recently I was in Alabama already
laughing because they know is not the
place where I'm sure I was there and I
knew as soon as I got off the airplane
the Iranian population in Alabama went
up 100 percent I didn't belong there and
when I got on the airplane was not like
this nice makes crowd smiling face it
was all white white one one and not
normal white people like we have here in
California every person on this plane
look like they were on an episode of
Hoarders one time three teeth their
whole mouth and you can just smell the
racism coming from
I swear to I smell like fart and popcorn
that's the smell of racism and these two
fat guys in the front looking at me I
get on the airplane with my Kerry
unhappy to go I don't know why I'm happy
to go to I'm going I'm going away and
the guys staring like this and then the
one guy look at his friend his friends
that these two fat racist he published I
said watch your ass here
[Laughter]
I think we got one on here immediately
my smile goes away it goes to this face
I start messing with him I start to look
at the exit extra careful right
I swear to God I did one of these I
wasn't finished I'm a community I'm on a
mess with these guys I hate racist
people I have to get to my seat I'm not
done
and they're still staring at me they're
sitting right about here and I'm going
on walkie pad I keep the same mean face
I keep it and I walking and walking over
and I get here I stop right here I stop
and I just leaned over and I gently
whisper I just gently whisper in the
guy's here don't be a hero
and then I go take my seat and just
watching the whole time screaming oh my
god so nervous the whole flight there
looking back looking back I didn't know
what to do at one point they keep three
hours into the flight away what if they
keep looking I just look at him I said
October 13 I have no idea what the [ __ ]
that means
I have nothing bad happen on October 2
all I know is they are gonna be [ __ ]
in their pants on October 30
[Applause]
I'm done with certain things I'm done
watching horror movies to anybody still
watch horror movies only the old school
ones not this new Paranormal Activity
[ __ ] I'm tired of it
you pay 15 bucks to scare yourself
that's all you do you just sit in the
theater the whole time just the curtain
I think that curtain move did that
curtain move I think it moved that's it
for 25 minutes until the ghost is like
[ __ ] this chair like that's all that
happens the entire movie that goes is
like I hate frames of bedsheets
it's a pissed-off interior decorator
it's [ __ ] move
and it's not even horror movies that
scare me it's afterwards it scares me
right like walking your car in the
parking lot that's scary isn't it you
know you leave the theater like [ __ ]
where do we park so far and if the
further it is even worse you know what I
do I get on the phone with somebody you
ever do that really like just get on the
phone meet somebody talk to me having a
normal conversation alright we're just
get Alma start skipping nobody can kill
you when you start skipping start
skipping you get in the car and you do a
little pat down in the backseat you do
that move the little pat down but you
don't look back there you don't turn
your face cuz you know as soon as you do
knife to the head that's why you don't
do it because you know there's a [ __ ]
serial killer back there like as soon as
he lets back here I'm gonna get them
everything is scary after horror movies
you go home you gotta pee you go to the
restroom and the shower curtains closed
right you're like not tonight not gonna
pee in here some bull I'm gonna go pee
in the kitchen seek who closed a shower
curtain even just halfway closed it
freaks you out because you know the
killer did that on purpose and standing
there holding his breath like stabby
stab me get closer you got to jump for
hallway lights oh yeah
and if there's no double life switch
that lights staying on I'm sorry horror
movie night gotta sleep like this hands
right next to your body
tucked in like a burrito every other
night who gives a [ __ ] hand stretch down
who cares
more movie night nope like this and then
right before you get go to bed you
always hear like boom grab your cell
phone and try to light the room with the
worst possible light ever you know what
my biggest fear is is that one day I'm
gonna be like nothing nothing eyes oh my
god oh god it knows I saw it and it
knows I have no signal
I like this crowd I like this crowd 70%
of you got that joke and 30% of you are
still looking up here like he's not
Mexican only at the airport only at the
airport I just walked right through
security like this line is crazy right
they're like let him through he's one of
us he is one of us I hate going to the
airport man I travel a lot doing this
and I hate going to the other here's why
cuz I don't understand [ __ ] at the
airport like I don't get the lingo like
like the threat level like I don't get
that like I was flying out of LAX a
couple weeks ago and the threat level
was at orange okay I don't know what to
do
on an orange day I don't know what the
protocol is but I figured out a system
that I did things my way everybody would
get it men women everybody if they did
the threat level by bra size what think
about it you turn on CNN one morning a
cup day sleep in not a whole lot of [ __ ]
happen on that day write a letter call
loved one I don't know what to tell you
C cup day I'm nervous
C cup damn nervous double D cup day not
at all hey I know you're thinking ROG
it's double D cup day why aren't you
nervous those threats are probably fake
[Applause]
the [ __ ] brilliant job and if you're
a woman and you didn't laugh at that
joke you have fake titties
[Applause]
[Applause]
this is fun I'm using my funniest at
6:48 morning
I don't know if you guys can tell right
off the bat but I'm not from the city of
Los Angeles
I'm from a little town in North Carolina
it's called get break
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter]
in the town's name you know it's right
there Hilary I've been here not for 17
years and it's tough though now I hear
it sounded like Leo's if I'll meet
people from the first time I start
talking they start judging rather suck
they can't wait for me to say something
like water shoes
[Applause]
why don't you crack
the dude from a small town he kept
everybody entertained most simple things
with their own way of talking to like my
mom she says oh my son John oh he's the
camera
translation eat them all wrong you gotta
love words and phrases like that if you
ever hear anybody say like specially
from the South say well nothing today I
know I love him today but beats puppies
[Laughter]
thank you for your blessings horn blasts
his heart talks right but he is
pedophile
[Laughter]
[ __ ] something here adding insult to
injury that just sends me
yeah recreate those balls have all the
folk songs our country knows given a
small TV crack corn and I don't care
what some kind of inner city hillbilly
drug problem
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
even though
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
somebody young people here did I give it
give yourselves a round of applause
young I didn't know you guys left the
house I just like drink white Claude
eight acids though oh my god I said that
like I don't need ask NASA white clot
yesterday to is [ __ ] delicious by the
way that black cherry white cloth after
eating ass there's a Somali a-level
Perry watch the ass flavor right out
stuff nice diverse crowd how you doing
all right good good good this is your
girlfriend your sidechick girlfriend
that's what you told her you yes sir do
this no sure don't look girly give me
okay it's okay
try try I used to thought I just think I
didn't like Indian food that I tried it
no it's not everyday but
we'll talk later
let's see a lot of diapers people here
hey any any molesters here yeah that's
it just one you me that's it
but what's that / - you wanna know how I
know you're Persian because I asked if
you're really so you like Percy and
there's this guy translate for using
he's what snowfield prison yes me I am
Jack though I'm also Middle East I'm not
Persian
I'm uh I'm Saudi and Iraqi apparently
when you mix Saudi and Iraqi you get
Dominican
I didn't know yeah I don't know everyone
was everyone always likes of like
davidic in a lot of my friends are like
you know you know since you don't look
Arab you know maybe 2019 Trump is there
present not a good time to look Arab
anyway like [ __ ] that would you ever
hide that your Persian you're proud
you're clearly proud to be Persian right
all right that's that's enough that's
why I talk to you that's my ball I'm
sorry
even though I don't look even though I
don't look that like I was and I get
ethically opposed I would never like
hide the fact that I'm proud to be here
I would never hide the fact that where
unless about the airport then I'm
[ __ ] divinity
I even like I even like pretend to be
Dominican like again when I go to the
airport I'm just like oh stop it
I don't know why but this is how I think
Dominicans walk I don't know anything
about the vatican's except that they
play baseball they're good at it so like
my check baggage it's always a baseball
back I do carry on it's okay then you
just bring this baseball bat no I have
these plantains do a lot of my
boyfriends like to ask by experience
racism because they pretend to care just
do you experience racism I was like I do
but because I look like this it's always
the wrong racism I was taking the subway
to go downtown for some [ __ ] reason I
was like okay you know the you know
maybe I'll go down there with the urine
and the homeless people that look like
they're gonna stab me and then I just
sitting there scared look at least
something 101 go underground in a city
that's due for an earthquake
[Music]
that's how bad the traffic is I go down
there's this guy and this is true story
this guy comes up to me is like hey
you're lucky you've got any while you
did because trumps could have build that
wall keep the breasts of you out so you
think I'm Mexican I was like did my name
is Faisal yeah short circuit is it sound
like cooking the files in his brains
that would look it so does it what does
the face look my name is that
Saudi he won fight fighting race this
thing for her weren't you guys the ones
that blew up the towers I said we just
want to because I submit I got my battle
why they need me that [ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
I like being back in Chicago a lot yeah
you guys go to the bathroom yet yeah
it's not bad
there's a door in the stall for the
men's room
yeah that's pretty big deal to me
there's a lot of bars across the country
that don't have that and men's rooms
they don't think we need the privacy
they're just like I want two urinals and
a toilet for someone brave enough you
can poop in here and you're gonna meet
somebody I had to use one of those
bathrooms that's why I bring it up I'll
tell you where it is because here in
Chicago's gallery cabaret and it's
somebody's poop there before it's a long
hallway of a bathroom you can't walk and
you can't hold shut because at the end
of that hallway is the toilet just
sitting there and then a urine all right
there so if you come in to pee I'm the
first thing you're gonna see
[Applause]
and I remember thinking like alright if
someone does come in I gotta have
something to say right I can't just
ignore him like no one was here nobody's
here so I was rehearsing different
options my first thought I'm a nice
person I'll just be nice walks in I'll
just hello like that
[Laughter]
hi that's scary
so I didn't do that I decided I was like
I'll just be confident I was awarded
confident guy do so I figure if someone
comes in I just be like oh and like
throw a light over you never see that
right I just send it comes over yeah how
do you poop nerd who that that's what I
was gonna do but that didn't happen
either what happened was the door opened
up and I forgot all my lines it just
opens up and all that comes I just go no
like that's it that's all
she's instinct kicked in and he had a
tattoo and a beard so I'm like this is
how it ends no yes okay
fine but I remember I go you know and he
goes Jesus Christ and walked out of the
bathroom
he's excuse me like that and I felt so
bad that I scared him and I thought he
was mean this is how bad I felt because
when I walked out of the bathroom I
opened the door and I hit him with it
it's staying in front of it and guarding
it and not letting anybody else in until
I was done yeah
I felt so bad I bought him a beer his
name is Jonathan he's from Kentucky
he likes photography but that's not what
he's doing right now I wouldn't have
known that unless I said hello assuming
he's me tattoos used to be a mean thing
exclusively right like 40 years ago you
saw a guy covered in tattoos he made you
nervous now he makes you lattes like
he's a lot nicer there's so nice he used
to be a biker now he's a cyclist like
he's brilliant learning
[Music]
I went to new doctor like six months ago
it was a specialist had to go see I
thought he had cancer for like two
months and I don't which rules his new
guy I was sitting there at exam room
waiting for a command I was like all
nervous and scared and then right when
he walked in I knew I was not gonna
trust a word that came out of his mouth
because he walked in he was very
brazenly just holding an iPhone 5 in his
head come on doggies he's right now I
get cancer doctor look at least it was
an iPhone like if I text somebody and it
shows up green I just assumed they live
outside it was an iPhone but I was like
come on player that's like five iPhones
ago your cancer doctor your names on
this building leadership together he was
like so I looked at your ultrasound
results you have a lump on one of your
balls I was like okay well my mom has a
way better phone than you
she's 67 and not a medical doctor so how
about you shut up about my balls for his
age even though he sucks the phones he
was right he's like we have to do more
tests that's probably cancer if it is
we've to do surgery as soon as possible
remove the growth from your ball be a
very invasive surgery I was like that
sounds like a nightmare I'm not a doctor
wouldn't it be easier I'm just
spitballing here and sitting getting
crazy and cutting that whole growth up
you just cut that whole ball out I'm so
down like I'll come in the morning unzip
my sack pop out that nut close her back
up you meal get beers of lunch
half-day for you I don't need both those
balls you know Sam two balls is annoying
as [ __ ] one ball would be way cooler
tuned honestly dude zero balls of 8mm
the best huh balls just an empty sack
flop it around party time all the time
sure sure
man listen balls are so gross okay you
guys like now they're balls
aesthetically to look at more disgusting
than like an actual pile of [ __ ] but if
someone try to convince you to half
balls you wouldn't agree in a million
years you know yeah just a couple quick
questions about these balls you're
trying to pitch me okay yeah just right
off the top are they are they the most
gross actually yeah yeah there's nothing
grosser okay yeah so off to a bad start
will they have them forever like will he
have them for my whole life yeah yeah
yeah big time right between your thighs
separating your butthole from your penis
okay
[Music]
feels like a weird spot for those right
I think probably 200 on the list of
places that would put balls okay all
right so follow up questions that last
one yeah if they're positioned right
there will ever accidentally sit on them
all the time okay don't like that so
many questions only bad answers man so
much of my mind so much curiosity yeah
it's just popped in will the young lady
be sweaty these balls just like curious
by far the funniest part of your whole
body even when the rest of your body is
cold okay that's an interesting
phenomenon yeah done like that one
either
okay well like how will I have them and
they'd be like internal like organs or
how will they be fashioned to my person
do you understand
I do understand yeah check this [ __ ] up
it'll be attached via an antique coin
purse
[Applause]
that's made out of eyelid skin I don't
like that one bit it sounds pretty
delicate right like sensitive Willie be
delicate or sensitive can I enter these
balls easily can I easily get hurt
nope not really they're pretty solid
okay right well not unless they come in
contact with the force of a gentle
breeze or anything stronger than ever
mentioned tender breeze okay that was an
immediate contradiction yeah so they're
definitely sensitive what happens if one
of them like accidentally gets smashed
oh yeah no you'll uh you'll throw up
until you die okay don't think I want
those guys no all right well y'all as
long as we look like that it's like
fictional land just like workshopping
genitals have ovaries instead sorry
those guys up yeah sure figure those
sure just a couple quick caveat son
those boys first of all you'll be
bleeding and uncomfortable about a third
of your life you might have to possibly
endure childbirth perhaps more than once
you be the victim of constant sexual
harassment and assault and be belittled
and treated like a second-class citizen
while the government that's been a place
to protect you tries to systematically
erode your rights while ignoring the
flavor of Justices and face on a daily
basis that's the other one huh man yeah
that's worse oh boy
those are both bad super bad uh make a
decision quick yeah no yeah we're good
can I am has to be a dog it's not the
human being I didn't ask to be here you
know I'm sad a dog they cut your balls
off right away when you're little you're
dead in 15 years you're happy the whole
time I love that one dog please even a
Greyhound let's get [ __ ] pointy and
we're dyin hey hey funny people welcome
to the famous Laugh Factory in Hollywood
California on the Sunset Strip where
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed and where you could get
your big break we're teaming up with
Laffy Taffy and Nick Cannon to find
Laffy Taffy's first-ever chief laughs
officer was kind of like a chief
executive officer but way more fun and
no stock options if chosen you not only
get that sweet-ass job title you also
win $10,000 a trip to Los Angeles and
the chance to perform on this very stage
all you got to do is write one two three
jokes that can be written on those Laffy
Taffy rappers emit a 60 to 90 second
video of your best comedic skit to laffy
taffy candy com do that by May 31st and
you could end up right here on this very
stage where some of the best comedians
in the world have performed good luck
Godspeed and may the funny forces be
with you
[Music]
any black woman here not one black woman
appear for real black women are not
quiet there isn't like a black hoods
like shy and not that doesn't exist is
there really not one black woman here is
there a black guy here what you do with
the women all right no black all right
let's talk about it black lemon scare me
they do talk about them great we can get
out everything you've ever wanted to say
about black women who's the time open
for him whatever you know I'm kidding
sir he's like well I'd like to say a
couple things
funny chance I have a list on my phone
awesome scare me no black women scary
because they're super honest like
they're very honest like to a fault like
like a black one will say [ __ ] to your
face without any regard for your
feelings whatsoever swear to god a black
woman came up to me she goes you know
who you look like I was like oh god this
is going to suck
she goes you look like an ugly version
of Drake I was like oh that kind of
sucks because I always thought Drake was
the ugly version of drink I don't think
I'm think I'm ugly I don't think I'm
great-looking but like you know I get
well I get compliments on my looks like
they're always backhanded compliments
you know like people will be like Dan
I'm not
I like your eyebrow sweet thanks for
convincing yourself in front of my face
that you're okay with my face and very
rarely like I'll get like a super hot
girls phone number which is always
always really fun but it's never like a
smooth transaction you know it's never
like let's have hot girls give me your
number no problem cool guys so you'd
have a Crombie it's never like that
like whenever I get a super hot girls
number it's always preceded by the words
you know what [ __ ] it hey this is Dan a
dude at the Laugh Factory if you liked
this video make sure to subscribe to our
Channel
if you hated this video I'm sure you'll
comment underneath right now
you got to leave for just a little bit
okay thanks
that's a weird you're weird you're not a
heckler you're just weird cuz you're
laughing so much I don't know like
Barbies like I'm doing a good job but
another part of me is like just stop for
a minute you know I got I got a [ __ ]
having a panic attack kind of cause of
you
cooking sweating I thought it'd wear a
hat and jacket look cool now I just want
to [ __ ] my pants I'm so [ __ ] hungover
and this is crazy it's like playing a
video game on the hard level of like
we'll throw this crazy lady who likes
you and your [ __ ] do you go to therapy
no not like you know bet you guy go to
therapy do you go to therapy now she
shuts up soon let the [ __ ] pros
handle it huh ask her a question that
rocks her at her core huh you good
mother
oh [ __ ] I don't know [ __ ] I'm here to
forget about life a little bit alright
talk about beat people over the dildo
man I want to [ __ ] face the reality
of life I see a therapist it's not a big
deal I'm gonna have to talk to my
therapist about this on Tuesday that's
what happens I go to my therapist and I
talked to her a lot of times either
about how I get in fights at Starbucks
because I defend the workers there I
think they're good people
and people yell at them and I go watch
you leave it the [ __ ] alone man
you think he wanted to really mess up
your coffee to ruin your [ __ ] day and
they look you go to a problem like I
would love to have a problem right now
and then
they're like please calm down and then I
get a free coffee but it's great they
act like they're mad at me and then the
guy leaves they're like that was great
thank you but anyway I don't know no I
won't talk to my therapist about you but
I do see a therapist if you see a
therapist that's great if you pee if you
need to see one go see you when they're
fantastic right now I think I'm my
therapist favorite which I know is going
to help or hey I know you're not
supposed to think that but I think what
my therapist goes through a calendar and
sees my name she's like oh [ __ ] you
Marty's coming today right like she's
excited she's excited she wants to hear
about my adventures in the world right
she gave me a great tip though she said
listen you got depression a great way to
fight depression is to join a gym okay
it's good to fight depression so I
joined export gym here in Chicago right
but when I was signing up the personal
trainer guy he was wearing like the full
sweat suits you know this guy was
[ __ ] in shape right he goes you got
to get our Platinum package it's a
little expensive but it's worth it
he's like you can have a personal
trainer at any time you want we're gonna
set your meal plans for you okay
also unlimited tanning then he only went
like this like he blew my mind right
I was like yeah I don't know what about
me screams unlimited tanning but I don't
need it right I go listen I don't want
to bother you but I just want to pay the
fourteen ninety-five a month that was
there was a guy in the middle of Ashland
Avenue almost getting murdered by buses
and cars flipping the Little Caesars
1495 work outside I'm like he's risking
his life that's the deal I want the
other guy got all dejected he's like
fine would of or you can have that one
Nancy was filling it out he was just
like just so you know if you only pay
1495 a month you can only come to this
location and I was like yeah I'm play
not even gonna come to this [ __ ]
[Music]
I think Twitter is a useless pieces I
want to be put that up isn't right angry
also you can follow me on Twitter calm
Vesta and I think it's I think it's
useless I think it's silly
um I think Twitter would have been
useful if it were around like 15 years
ago and they could use it as evidence
against OJ during the trial actually
wrote a few ideas now um so really
quickly if you guys please walk with me
on the years now 1994 when a no Jay
Simpson trial I'm the prosecutor you
guys are the jury and I have Oh Jake
Simpson's Twitter records once again
1994 OJ Simpson's well uh mr. Simpson on
June 11 1994 you tweeted the follow once
again Oh Jay Simpson June 11 1994 you
tweeted at 9:07 p.m. white [ __ ] be
trippin at 9:18 thena Jose censor you
tweeted I can't get this new song water
falls out of my head
TLC for life
at 10:12 p.m. Jose Simpson you tweeted
does anybody know how to get blood seems
out of Tommy Hilfiger ding these are
your words mr. Simpson at 11:05 p.m. was
there something you tweeted what's the
deal with this new windows 95
I hate Netscape Navigator then finally
at 11:52 p.m. OJ Simpson you tweeted how
she's going to run like I win the
Heisman or something
[Applause]
I'm feeling pretty good recently I'm
feeling pretty good I recently lost
about 150 pounds yeah it is hard being a
hero I went I went from like a 3x to a
medium/large which is where I fit into a
medium shirt once in accounts now you
know those are the rules
I feel like I I feel like I made a bad
investment losing weight now cuz like
you can't make fun of fat people now I
grew up in like the Dark Ages of fat
like did anyone else make a mistake I'm
like being fat before 2014 you know I
had to go through middle school with
cans my my gym teacher called me Dolly
Parton I went to the principal I told
him and he was just like well I suck it
up its 2009 tubby
duh
better than being a guy with tits it was
like a family incest murder secret where
everywhere the room knows what's going
on but nobody [ __ ] talks about it it
was very tough seeing your own father at
one point being like could you pass the
oh my god my son has a rack good bye I
saw that [ __ ] okay the thing is it's
like that's the one like losing my tits
that's like the one thing that I think I
got good at like losing weight because
like I can't do the one thing I wanted
to do when I lost weight which was go to
a pool and feel like comfortable out my
body cuz when you grow up as a fat child
and you get invited to a pool first of
all cancel that friend save the ball
when you're a fat kid and you like you
have two options one wear a shirt and
that bombs everybody out no one's like
you know what I wasn't you know what
maybe they had the pool better when that
seven year old with body issues showed
up I had to invent my second option to
save me from the bullying which was wait
for a fatter child to show up in bully
him
I don't commit fat on fat Grimer like
look like his after photo sometimes and
then eventually I just got so fat that
people are like wow look at those two
really fat children now and the reason I
can't go to a pool and feel comfortable
my body is because I have all this loose
get clap it up I am a hero
it's very brave
all this loose skin I look like a serial
killer finish their skin suits like sug
on this tailored professionally and I
look like I'm half man half aunt you see
this line this is the line you get for
having had titties all right I have so
much loose skin
I'm uncircumcised now like tell me how I
lost a 150 pounds and I'm still having
shirt on sex I mean everyone everyone's
always like Alex just get Skin surgery I
have looked at how expensive Skin
surgery is with that kind of money I
could just buy my own fat kid to follow
me around the pools
[Applause]
[Music]
guys Jonathan kite come on one more time
good job man
thanks man yeah did you want to sleep
yeah I'm Jonathan I am six foot two and
here's both my hands
good job all my fingers profile good job
so far yeah we were booked just off that
subtle okay all right so not in the
system
I'm sorry check my barcode I brought a
barcode one actor Thanks
okay so we're just gonna get right into
it and here's this ready thank you in
this scene again I created all these oh
yeah and this scene force finds out he's
a father for the first time you know
it's what it's a it's a very strong
emotional scene so play with that a
little bit crime with every time yeah
yeah if you could cry that would be
amazing that's kind of what we're
looking for but I always would like to
see this play by someone else maybe like
Sir Ian McKellen you know I do you do
okay cool so so great so if we could
because we we want to maybe do a real
like redo the movie as him so that would
be perfect if you could play that and we
could just put the makeup on I wouldn't
have it any other way
perfect so well uh are you ready I'm
ready
I was okay right this is my very good
friend mr. gum can you say hi to him
hello mr. Gump hello can I go watch TV
now yes you can't just keep it low
you're a mama Jenny I'm a mama his name
is Forrest like me
I named him after his daddy he got a
daddy named for what a coincidence there
his daddy Forrest
look at me Forrest there's nothing you
need to do you didn't do anything wrong
okay see him isn't he beautiful he's the
best they proposed Knik I've ever seen
but but
[Laughter]
he's very smart one of the smartest in
his class so they'll never look at him
and say you shall not pass hey guys come
on
got some good actors huh I thought you
were coming up your audition bunk hey
bro let me try these [ __ ] out
[Music]
it's cool too man I just got I just
quickly I just broke up with a girl they
broke up it was an open relationship
open toys Jimmy's me [ __ ] anybody you
want
I didn't know this apparently the girl
can also do that we can find bricks can
also sock and my going at the first
person I made the mistake of asking her
this guy's name and she told me give her
here's somebody's name and the know
immediately that he [ __ ] better than
you oh she's like every Eugene here is
like actually I've heard they're pretty
vigorous his name was so sexy she's like
I thought I'll have the name is to say
if you say I have thrown into a [ __ ] it
comes
[Music]
right the juice
my name is Osama
sano-sama into a [ __ ] just sounds like
I'm cursing that [ __ ] okay
just like Osama and now you'll be try
for a thousand days how many would like
I need a shower
so much nice plus a nice little [ __ ]
Christian crowd this is like a one big
Mormon field trip like magic retreat bro
we do what it did
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh man my friend had a threesome he was
all happy I was all sad saddest story
ever heard
I'm going to cut him off and say you
couldn't call me or something
I could never have a threesome there's
not a threesome buddy this is a turn off
the lights body leave your shirt up
buddy
this is a tell nobody if I ever get a
chance for a threesome i'ma have a
meeting with those girls right listen up
ladies when you guys here might not get
a turn
so pick a number from 1 to 10 the pretty
one says 17 you win the only one still
what do I do
you're gonna be pushing my ass
the your Hamburger Helper
won't you sleep with a real big girl
once all right many times look at me but
this time I remembered she woke up
before me she put on my t-shirt my
underwear she went walking to the
restroom
I will wake him up looking at her I
thought that was me dying repop it into
[ __ ] Wow
you know out-of-body experience
this can be challenging sometimes when
I'm meeting a lady if you ever I don't
know if any of you been to Africa but
it's Oh who's who whoo
Oh what part of Africa
aah that's why I went do you have a
problems with the names out there yes I
did too and it's very troubling when you
have to meet a lady for the first time I
saw this beautiful girl at the bar 1
over 2 I said hi what's your name I
think you're really beautiful which goes
oh thank you
my name is oh now I didn't want to I
think want to get it wrong twice I said
I'm sorry how do you spell that she goes
ah it's ok like holy moly
no no muli yes I said can I have your
number she goes no I was one away from
romance guys
I love your laugh I really do if you're
making love to your husband and and you
have to have ever a fit of laughter that
guy will never make love again
Oh
I want to tell you guys something I up
pretty bad earlier this week I attempted
to buy myself a membership at a gym for
children here's what happened I was like
I woke up Monday morning I was looking
the mirror and I was like man I got to
do something to sort of you know tame
this rapidly decaying former athlete
physique I gotta go find a gym and I
found this gym by my house it's called
the little gym I did not I did not know
it was it gym for children at the time
now that I know
super well named like they they hit the
nail on the head with that one but at
the time I was like oh that's a really
cute name for a normal adult gym and I
was like I was like oh maybe it's like a
minimalist gym maybe it's like I'm a mom
and pop shop of gyms you know and so I
called the little gym and I was like hey
what's like your membership fees and
they were like it's $40 a year [ __ ] I
was like 40 dollars a year that's
amazing and she was like yeah but you
know you pay for classes and I was like
well do you have to be in classes
they're sort of like a free workout kind
of thing which is when she said well how
old's your child
and I thought that was a really weird
question so I said oh don't worry I
don't have a child and looking back
that's exactly what she was worried
about then there was like a super super
long silence like a real child molesting
silence and and then I realized those
happen thing I went oh and she said
that's okay and then I tried to make a
joke and I said well you know I'm a kid
at heart maybe I'll pop in sometime no
laughs she did not like that at all and
then I said something way worse which is
okay I'll talk to you soon now
in my defense I did not realize it was a
gym for children because I did not
realize that children needed gyms you
know like I thought one of the nice
things about being a child was not
needing apps that we're doing that so
the short of the story is I'm not a
pedophile but I do have to go
door-to-door and tell my neighbors that
I'm an idiot
so all right thank you guys you've been
great
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I got I'm watching my dumb [ __ ] though I
don't watching The Walking Dead oh yeah
love that show yeah that's um that shows
not too believable for me
like of course the whole zombie part
right you got me but
I don't think that show addresses smells
enough there's not a lot of dialogue
where they like they open up a meat
locker and there's a zombie that's been
in there for five years they kill it not
one person in the cast goes
good so say this [ __ ] not one person
I'll give you another example Glenn and
Maggie two characters on the show one
season they're just walking in the
Georgia heat for like three months
they're just killing zombies and not
showering the second they get each other
alone they start [ __ ] I'm gonna call
[ __ ] okay you're not gonna take a
quick dip in the lake setting off the
schmutz nothing you're gonna go no right
for it okay if it was true to life he'd
like oh my god baby I've waited
[Applause]
I love you so hard we got some dryer
sheets my bag hold on let me uh ladies
Glen probably smell - they've gotta be
equal with you broads nowadays
I mean IQ - shower about three hours ago
and pretty sure my balls smell the cab
drivers lunch
[Applause]
[Music]
I called my buddy the other day and I
got his voicemail and it was it was one
of these like Robo voicemails I don't
have ever gotten it where it goes hello
we're not available right now please
leave a message and we'll get back to
you as soon as possible
my favorite part about that whole
outgoing voicemail is that the Robo
voice goes we're not available like he's
part of the family like they've adopted
a robot like hey mrs. ass so thanks for
letting me crash here until I get my
life back together
don't mention it robot you can stay in
Mikey's old room but everybody's got to
pull their own weight around the house
why don't you leave the outgoing
voicemail but you got it hello we're not
available right now
please leave a message and we'll get
back to you as soon as possible it's a
story of how that voicemail came to be I
think they should do like a really
cutesy outgoing voicemail like you reach
the household of Susan Tim Mikey and me
robot sitcom I'm working on it's called
robot and family Mikey there's a girl I
like at school just be yourself robot
that's easy for you to say
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that's all I've written that's all I've
written so far we're just gonna do every
[ __ ] sitcom cliche ever Mikey you
gotta help me what is it robot you know
those three girls I'm dating they're all
this party they can't meet each other or
I'm in deep doo-doo there by the punch
bowl so how do you know robot for a
second that was close but there's gonna
be that like super serious episode like
they always have like where did you get
these pills robot engineer and he turns
into a motorcycle robot come back how
and then it's the montage of him on the
open road to Phil Collins
I was just I was like I was in the UK
all summer long and I gotta say this I
am glad to be back in the United States
of America
yeah I've got some Republicans just
screaming I heard the US yeah
you guys ever see something in our
country that is so I mean you see
something happen you're like that is so
American that could only happen here
right a couple months ago I saw the most
American thing I've ever seen this is
more American than apple pie filled with
pesticides more American than baseball
players lying to Congress on using
steroids I was in the middle of the
country and the woman in front of me
pulled out her Bank of America Visa
credit card to purchase a $1 coca-cola
in the McDonald's in several Walmart's
that's a modern-day Norman Rockwell
painting I saw that I'm like that is all
of America summed up in one transaction
that is so I was about ready to start
chanting USA USA USA like what could be
more American than that and then she
showed me she took that 32 ounce cup of
high-fructose corn syrup and she handed
it to her little kid and when I say
little kid I mean he was short and young
but this seven-year-old was pushing 250
freaking pounds already oh and I know
people think I mean I am not mean I just
saw that kid I didn't feed that monster
bless his heart
bless his little heart it's tiny heart
and arteries so short but he has to high
blood pressure especially guys please
flush his heart that's the only health
insurance this kid has
oh my god I saw my dad's penis the other
day you guys Wow
there's a reason I'm saying this I'm not
just weird this is mostly for guys in
here do you guys like you did you see
your dad's penis as a kid growing up you
saw your dad's penis didn't you think
like it was the biggest penis in the
world
right like you again you're just like
yeah I did right you're out this guy's
in right remember you saw your dad's
penis as a kid and you're just like my
dad's got the biggest penis in the world
right yeah I'm walking around that in my
head I usually think it'll look like a
tallboy beer cannibal I saw it trust me
trust me my friends like no way I'm like
yeah trust me right but then as I got
older I'm like I don't know maybe I just
thought it was big as a kid because
hopefully when you're a kid you know and
you see your dad's penis hopefully
that's the biggest penis you've ever
seen you know but as I got older I'm
like I don't know like I moved I moved
to Chicago from Indiana and Iceland this
was the biggest city in the world right
now I'm like that's not that big so I
thought maybe my dad's penis isn't that
big and then the other day we went to
the we went to his gym to work out it
was like family damn we all want to work
out and my dad's in his 70s so he starts
getting naked in the parking lot right
well watching her in the locker room I
was like putting my stuff away and I
like felt that he was naked behind me
there was like a second man I'm like I
bet he's still [ __ ] naked right now
right and then I was like oh my god this
is it I can see like what's going on
here you know so I like put my bag away
and I just was like yeah it was still so
big it was amazing
and now I can like go on with my life
right because I didn't want to be at the
hospital if he ever dies god forbid the
doctors look I'm so sorry
and I'm like there's actually one thing
this huge lift up blanket okay
so I don't really I don't really have
like a pickup line that I use when I'm
out at the clubs I just feel like I
couldn't pull that off but it's the
closest thing that I've kind of come up
with is like a pickup scenario okay like
a situation that I'll try to create you
know that helps me best like zero in on
the right kind of girl right personality
sense of humor so the best one I've come
up with just through a lot of trial and
error just works for me if you feel like
it might work for you feel free to try
it but what I do is a find like a really
classy bar you know like in a fancy
hotel or something and I'll just get a
drink and I'll just sit at one end of
the bar and then a wait for like the
right looking lady to come in you know
and and when she walks up to the bar
I'll just kind of like wave the
bartender over and he'll come over to me
and I'm like hey would you mind just
bringing over and he's like mm-hmm it's
his job so he knows it too so so he
brings a drink up to the lady right and
as he's putting it in front of her he
says oh this is from the gentleman at
the end of the bar right and she's you
know like blown away because she's only
seen that in movies or read about it in
books you know and like this is
happening in her life her [ __ ] life
and julie has won she's like whoa so she
takes a drink and as she's taking it you
know she like looks down at the end of
the bar to see who this like mysterious
stranger is and I'm down there I'm
expecting it so I'm looking her way very
suave just looking right at her I'm just
doing this and that's just a perfect
move for me okay like like because if
you think what like that can't go wrong
you know because if she looks down she's
a girl what really that's the thing you
send this and then you're doing that
come on
like I know it's crazy like she's like
what's your name like oh my name is and
then that's the rest of our lives
together
and then and then to the opposite is
true you know if she looks down and
she's like look totally offended she's
like well I never that's fine you know
we never have to talk and she can enjoy
the shot of water I sent down
I'm [ __ ] happy you know what I'm
saying I'm having a good time
then I turn on the news and [ __ ] Ben
Carson says that blades were immigrants
that worked long hours what the [ __ ] now
I'm angry black men I saw you know white
people are like scared and like it's not
you this time well I couldn't believe
that [ __ ] man I was that [ __ ] was so
ridiculous samuel l.jackson tweeted
[ __ ] please
jerem you are l jackson called ben
Carson a [ __ ] and there is no
one on earth more qualified to say
[ __ ] then Samuel L Jesse when
Samuel when Sam call you a [ __ ]
yo ass a [ __ ] you notice that
[ __ ] wasn't a mule exactly with no cuz
he played ben Carson in that movie
Django yeah I said I don't give a [ __ ]
let's get that [ __ ] I name you know I
do this podcast and I'm all mad on my
pocket like that [ __ ] [ __ ] right and
there were white people who hit me up on
Twitter they're like what the [ __ ] a
[ __ ] cuz cuz young white people don't
know the old black insults you know what
I mean they only know the new [ __ ] right
tried to explain to the cool is a black
person who do anything for white people
who sing dance shuffle or clear slavery
was just tough immigration yeah and they
were like man night [ __ ] so cool and I
said see now you understand it was just
and then it caught me off guard you know
because my racism guard was down right
cuz like lately like they've been [ __ ]
with Muslims and Mexicans who are been
black I've been like well we can take it
easy for a while you know I think they
got to take the hit for it you know but
I won't say this I will say this about
racism in America and I'm talking about
good old-fashioned American racism you
know the kind of racism that keeps me
away from NASCAR you know that
when it comes to good old American
racism I take a certain pride in being
black because we were first and with
still the best that's right because
racism it comes from hate and ignorance
and fear fear is a big part of racism
and when it comes to scaring white
people there ain't nothing like black
people
now I know others have tried to move in
on our action you know Mexican Mexicans
will scare you but only in a group
you're never really scared of one
Mexican they ain't that big you know
nothing you see one Mexican you like
[ __ ] it I got a shot right Arab Arabs
will scare you but only when wearing a
jacket or a vest you're not scared of an
Arab if you can see he ain't got [ __ ]
strapped on you like [ __ ] yo era bears
you know agents agents will only scare
you if there's a testing ball oh if you
trying to get into college you walk in
the room and see five Asians you're like
oh [ __ ] Community College ain't that bad
[Music]
who's on the suburbs I don't say what
summer view from Northfield
oh [ __ ] brings back a lot of childhood
memories bro Northview I didn't grow up
there that's what my dad used to take
it's the trick-or-treat on Halloween and
we're going to Northfield mijo I'm like
[ __ ] yeah
did you just shoot in my neighborhood
man I grew up like in a straight-up
Mexican neighborhood I got these old-ass
mexican ladies on my neighbor's right
one of my neighbors she's like 90 years
old you go tricky trigger to her house
she'll just put beans in your bag just
straight dry beans bro why she got a
burlap bag with a middle school right by
the door are your neck trick-or-treat
[ __ ] holidays man
she'll give you a recipe she'd be like
you boy alone for an hour away garlic
and onion like are cool yeah one [ __ ]
beans though so when I had kids I would
take my kids outside the suburbs like my
dad did right but cuz you be let's go
trick-or-treating am I hop in the car
we're gonna [ __ ] Naperville right or
st. Charles where they got the big-ass
houses men good ass [ __ ] on Halloween
man I took my kids out the st. Charles
once I got a brand-new futon on
Halloween
nobody slept on this [ __ ] thing girls
like tribute trees like are you guys
Mexican I'm like that way we're gonna
throw this oh you want it like [ __ ] my
wife for carrying a futon through
[ __ ] st. Charles yeah I'm gonna learn
that the kids I keep trick-or-treating
yeah I'm gonna tie this to the top of
the car hurry up - give me your
shoelaces hurry hurry I'm taking a
[ __ ] futon [ __ ] like what a parent's
act where two parents a kids bro
oh [ __ ] a real little man all right
so that's why you already kicking it
with the boys and [ __ ] 23 oh [ __ ]
you know what's dope you started young
that's awesome bro that's where I'm
about to lead into right now I had my
first kid when I was 19 bro crew she's
21 right now man she's about to be 21 in
September now here's the cool part when
we had our kids me and my wife we looked
like two little last kids right it's
1999 and people used to look at it's
weird I could [ __ ] it I didn't know what
it could bus enough right
but now like I'm 38 my kids are out of
the [ __ ] house [ __ ] I got a friends
that are 44 my best friends 44 years old
got a newborn baby at home and got a
two-year-old he's the most miserable
[ __ ] I've ever said in my life
first I was like damn bro I can't go out
bro the baby bro and I'm like suit
should've got your girl pregnant in 19
like I did [ __ ] is wrong with you should
have been irresponsible mother hey works
out wide you'll see dude it works out
man true is that it's cool like me and
my oldest daughter we got a real cool
relationship like that way she knows I
smoke but I don't drink a lot but I do
smoke but I dropped her off at a party
last week I dropped her off at a party
before I went to a comedy show and she's
like are you gonna pick me up I'm like
probably not and be smoking weed with
the boys all night and [ __ ] take over
home just get home before I do right I
got home at 1:00 in the morning she was
already in bed sleeping like a little
angel I feel so [ __ ] proud of her I
was a little buzzed when I stood over
him like that's my baby right there
right cuz I wouldn't made it home that
earlier at my age and at that age right
so I'm like she made it home and then I
said this [ __ ] real not I didn't know my
wife was standing right there right I
said this real loud I'm like she ain't
no hoochie like her mom hell yeah she
got mad why you talking [ __ ] I'm not you
[ __ ] had a baby when you were 18 I
know it was her and it was with me but
that was a bad decision you made life
I'm just happy she'd do this [ __ ]
[Music]
I was reading it ready said he would
 is the most commonly used word in
the English language no
 that's it
don't drink too much forget what
fasten the last earthquake I call a
friend I see were you scared you say I
was bricks so what did you have
to eat I was in an accident recently my
friends say oh you in deep how deep
is deep you say you're up
creek without a paddle what a gross
thought would it make a difference if
you had a party it's a lot of fiber here
now
I was dating a girl once where I was
working my friends say oh oh you never
do that you never where you eat so
since then every time I go to Burger
King I go to Denny's and take a
look man I love black women I do I mean
I love all women but I bring over the
fact that I love black women because
every time that I hit on a black girl
she thinks that I'm mocking her I saw
one at a party I was like hey girl can I
please get you now but she was like oh
play you can't get my number
not with that attitude ah ah buh uh-uh
don't bring that mess here Bo uh-uh I'm
not good man who not go with women like
a first kiss that's mostly magical you
don't mean girl kiss guy guy kiss girl
fireworks not girl kiss guy I got head
butts girl it rise again head butt sir
one more time but walks away to a life
in comedy and I'm shy offstage at
parties and stuff I like to hang out
like a hangout on the wall the other
dudes who aren't like these five it'll
be me and these five just not getting
any just be a five of us you're not
getting either now pass it down she'll
but like if you guys hung out on the
wall you look cool if you don't know I
have Tourette syndrome if you didn't
come to one of my comedy shows and you
just walk in and see this in the corner
no girls like yeah the one biting his
shoulder yeah yeah yeah I want the ones
ruling on themselves no that's why I
gotta hang out at parties with strobe
lights only it just look like I'm
turning over
this is crazy
you might not think this by looking at
me but I'm a big romantic comedy fan I
really like romantic comedies guys like
romantic comedies yeah the fun they're
cute they're sweet you really like um
I'm down I'm down because it's my
favorite scene my favorite scene of
romantic comedies you guys have seen
it's like then there's a guy and a girl
they're in love right and the girl gets
a job offer for an internship right a
job offer for an internship in like New
York at a magazine right okay
and she's got a pic between the job in
New York or the guy right and she's
about to get on the plane to go to New
York and he runs through the whole
airport right he runs through the old
airport past the Orange Julius he gets
to the gay right he's at the gate he's
like hey don't go would he do it babe
don't go stay stop that plane come back
don't don't let that plane go right you
know what I've noticed
they haven't had that scene in a movie
since 9/11 right
no I'm imagine how big of a disaster
that scene would be in today's media
right okay big dope oh babe babe babe
wait hold that game babe babe babe just
one second babe babe hold that game go
top that off babe babe babe you better
wear sole that game one second to hold
that cake
just one second what baby she go babe
babe
hey hey don't you go to New York baby
you better not go pulling that plate in
you babe I've been randomly selected
good luck in New York
[Applause]
but it's like hey you can't go to the
gym now because you let it work out and
get in shape before you go to the gym
these things are like that good you
can't show up to the gym all fat you
know they look at you like oh that fat
[ __ ] look at the road it is greasy sweat
all over the machine they should come
here in their own coming a separate day
just for them I feel bad Jim like that
man so what I do so I don't feel so bad
anymore when I go to the gym I wear a
t-shirt that says I just lost 300 pounds
[Applause]
see you go oh my god you look amazing
tonight style man
dining that occasionally now that I lose
the TV work on just high five everybody
I'm walking around I come to mayor head
people something go lets him join the
diva he loves 300 miles up ahead he
looks amazing installations do you
always get that one bag the gym that
wants to help out little too much helps
out a little too much and this guy's
like already gonna bend your knees you
get it right you gotta squeeze your
glutes or you gonna use two hands I'm
just trying to take up this bro
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm originally from Northern California
and I went home to see my mom for
Mother's Day and and it was very nice to
us
I I went home it was nice right I saw my
mom that was nice I I saw my friends
that was nice they're also do cocaine
that's nice ah it's so nice to know some
things don't change
you know I don't want to do cocaine
myself but I do enjoy hanging out with
people who recently have I just feel
like they're the only ones that are ever
really into my own ideas yeah I was ever
really listening people on cocaine have
a reputation of being like real chatty
whatever and that's true but if you're
just looking for someone to maintain eye
contact for a while about people on
cocaine is the way to go
that's right you ever talk to someone
not on cocaine but rice ball right some
on cocaine will stare at you with an
intensity like they thought you died six
years ago and I'm trying to figure I was
doing talking to my buddy and he was on
cocaine and I knew he was on cocaine
because he hadn't linked in an hour and
I tried to say that to him he tried to
tell me that he was blinking just always
the exact same time that I was like
don't think though only other words I
don't have a way of testing Matt but I'm
pretty sure through the town honor
[Music]
one single guy screaming [ __ ] yeah
that's like me Thanksgiving when I go
home everyone's married like what's
wrong with you they're all looking at me
like you guys are right now those guys
like this Indian guys so weird already
I'm not even Indian you guys are racist
it's cool it's trending right now so
you're good white people who laughed at
that thank you for admitting that
there's a problem I'm Iranian
that's alright silence I have to expect
it got a duty Iran is not Hawaii as well
I can get it
you know we made one deal now the deals
are palpable
keep lurking fuse I didn't make the deal
don't look at me like that I was born
here so I feel white okay just less
prejudiced
oh my god that's enough of the race
stuff huh what if this was like the
headboard above my bed like at my house
like you guys come over I'm like hey get
in I would never do that
we'd never bring you over if we just met
I don't even kiss him the first date
actually I thought so don't worry over
booed let's [ __ ] after this I don't care
her like I'm 36 single guy girl doesn't
matter to me you got a dog I'll [ __ ]
your dog to at this point that's where
I'm at in my life I hurt my foot a few
months back and I used to work out a lot
and I have been able to and I've gained
a lot of weight and it sucks but it's
fun it's helped to be fat like time on
the way down like you're just [ __ ]
you like this is not that bad this is
not that bad
until about a week ago you know how like
you get so fat but the elastic on your
underwear flips down
it's like we don't want to [ __ ] be on
this body anymore you are not a medium
and then it just keeps flipping when
you're walking so you said walk like
this your [ __ ] underwear that must
off your friends like what's wrong with
nothing dudes on your [ __ ] business
[Music]
I'm sore I've been I've been I've been
training I and I I don't know I don't
I'm not crazy I don't do I you guys work
out [ __ ] this goodness
CrossFit stuff that I don't get it with
the kettlebells and then him flipping
tired I was doing all and in the
snatching what the [ __ ]
I like when do you ever use this you
know when people work out that much the
world becomes a gym where I was like I
don't I don't think I need this movement
the guy was like you use that movement
every day or less no it dont the only
time I never used that moment I thought
about it is if I was hiking and I was my
face was really hot and I came across a
babbling brook and I wanted water on my
face
right either that or if there was a baby
trapped under a smart cards and I'd be I
got it and then I sidekick the baby to
safety to never tell you know I'm just
tired of workout culture I'm tired of
huge on Instagram in this with an open
shirt who the [ __ ] that with like
protein Monday
don't you have a friend to punch you in
the face
I mean you've got to stay I believe in
exercise you got to stay Allah I don't
you know but overdoing it I for me like
you know I play tennis I street fight I
PowerBook but that did I feel yourself
just to keep comprehensive
[Music]
traffic work continues okay you guys are
going to traffic or I love it one of my
favorite things to do I fight every
single ticket I get I don't have
anything to do in the day time and you
learn a lot when you go to traffic work
you do biggest thing I learned is the
ethnic people sometimes we go because we
cannot afford to take it that's why
identifing person is typically in
traffic or I don't care how many ethnic
people there are there's always one
white dude and he's there because he
wants justice
I guess money for the ticket and he goes
really case well he watches law and
order he's got pictures receipts we just
come with a yellow sheet of paper and
I'm hoping a prayer that accomplish the
show you have your blanket over the
white that if you're blind you'll know
the white guy is white dude never knows
how to use the podium like never all
your
Latinos here they're your own section
Mexicans they have their own section
there's like an ESL platform they have
no idea what the translator has not
unlike in the judges yes
okay you wanna [ __ ] watch you're
black you can track over he'll go [ __ ]
last of all drops off brother they're
willing to you from 1990 and then you
know this you're doing three things you
say when you go to the podium guilty not
guilty no contest that's it brother
walked up to the mic Luke the judge dead
in the eye
now you bleed now he good pandemonium
that the Mexican said they had no idea
what the hell discovered the next lets
you know you that came to the podium one
of the cutest things I've ever seen
he was getting coached
now look
driving me
Oh
little did I know commie
then I just go when I hit the guy
hey congratulations for the graduation
he's wearing a gown they don't know
what's going on
I'm leaving fun of all the races you're
finding my way oh I'm making fun all the
races but if you ever yo I don't know
what's your name do it Phil if you ever
go to traffic work and you see a [ __ ]
one of these guys you're on Ian's gun
just [ __ ] leave your head they will
talk abut they're just there and make it
your honor
you can read today Your Honor I was on
time I came on in time I was hearing no
I came into the interior your honor
I was driving my BMW 7-series
leather very nice Maya
are basically camera watching the joy
everything then it all up driving is
very expensive for all the way very
smooth
just going very smooth I need to go
ahead didn't see the guide of fighting
or something on that from the beginning
I don't want you indignity coming behind
you okay so fast a bike behind me an
uproar and you're coming to my window
this such a adage
I don't know what if you had a fight
with his wife or honey today you know
who you are you're mine so fast I'm
going fast how the [ __ ] you catch me I'm
going fast you're going fast version
your honor
you like Persian food
this is I say penis in Portuguese pie in
this as I say penis in French let peen
they say vagina in French Java now come
the lapis as I say penis in Spanish
pinatas as I say penis in German team
ocean it's does they say penis in
Russian rollerblades this I say penis in
rap music y'all word up to your mother
penis as I say penis in Super Mario
Brothers penis penis penis
it's hard being the maid of 2017 with
these rubber bag because what would you
pick cause it's hot you know women want
us to pay for [ __ ] but got access to
money faster than men do you got to give
money much more than me in the club like
you know always you know as you go
movies always think whatever life thing
is if they man it's expensive and a lot
of men are you trying to live above your
means and impress these women fellas
don't do that people you are because a
woman would love for for who you are not
what you that right right wrong okay
[Applause]
because we always hit like we give we
give it away we can't hide it we don't
got it like ladies listen to this if you
hear a guy say cool order four times in
a row our price is giving me he bout to
buy some [ __ ] he really can't afford to
do when I first moved out here eight
years ago like that up in that lake on
celebrity friends let me train 203 time
to end we get a Range Rover that's what
my celebrity friends driving that's what
I'm going to drive I go to the
dealership you recognize we never he
says is when they start asking you for
the business hours
computation division
they'll see you baby
- [ __ ]
[Music]
so I feel like a failure all the time
every day I'm only 29 little young to
feel like a failure I do anyway except
friends 29 are doing remarkable things
for their lives that I'm not doing that
guy friends 29 we're buying houses my
friend Alison called me up the other day
she's like Jake I'm buying a house I was
like I didn't know we're allowed to do
that that's awesome like that's really
cool
she's like you have a 30-year fixed-rate
know IRA penalty and I'm getting a K
back from Obama on the stimulus package
and I was like wow Alison I am thrilled
for you that you know what that stuff
means because I yo Gert with a fork
today we're having fun
I'm a white person so I'm clinically
depressed thank you very much very proud
of it very proud of it sometimes I get
depressed for vain reasons though which
I'm not so proud of like last winter I
got pressed because I could just tell
that I was gaining weight and I really
feel like right and like right I don't
know I knew that I was gaining weight
because my belt stopped fitting around
my neck the same way that it used to
what are we doing huh oh are we telling
jokes
is that a suicide joke or masturbation
joke what's the difference uh were dying
we're having fun oh man I think
everyone's crazy everyone especially
people who live in LA a lot of people
don't want to admit that they're crazy
but you live in LA and you drive a car
you're out of your minds let's say
you're driving your car totally normal
you're totally relaxed listen to
something we can all like like Phoenix
who doesn't love that you know oh boy
then someone cuts you off and you're
like did you just cut me off I will slit
your neck we're going to shame the we're
store Ellie is very tough for me I will
[ __ ] your wife I will kill her mother
I won't eat your cat okay I love cats
I'm a vegetarian but I was so [ __ ]
eat your cat don't you ever cut me off
and a hundred on and [ __ ] murder you
and then literally all that person in
front you has to do is roll down the
window put up the arm to say sorry and
you're like seems like a good guy
you're all out of control
20:19 it can't be I like women I like
women who are feminine meaning I like
women who smell good and stuff you know
women where vanilla I love that it's
2019 man I can't be out here sniffing
[ __ ] can't be see how quiet it got
see how quiet it got grow up will you
[ __ ] women are acting like they want
Mickey Mouse oh [ __ ] oh I don't blame
those opposed of men and women 95 is
gentle creepy man right yeah but my
blade 5% on Beyonce songs there's not
quiet guy
I will lock the doors it's annoying like
be honest
what are you disagree you want me to
prove it to you do you want me to prove
it who said yes on your [ __ ] yes
oh you goddamn yes be honest and
marginalizes men who talk quietly Wow if
you listen to the words right did she
make it men disposable who runs the
world see that a guy in the back he's
like girls right home to that to let
everything you own imagine coming home
to that what does that mean
why
there is your representative right there
there's your gender cop way to my punch
me in the face punch me - okay
you must not know about me okay but we
were partners
yes single what I can find another you
in a minute that quick what the [ __ ]
yeah and she's single
what
[Applause]
this is heckling herself I don't even
know if I'm difficult
I am I reasonable I am an illogical
[Laughter]
anything else with my friend
[Music]
[Applause]
then you stop being funnier than me all
right then you got the big one though
you got the big one right if you really
really like it you should uh put a ring
on it I mean that's a big ask
let me start like a little simpler if
you relive it that I get you shut up
shared your Netflix password with him
[Laughter]
I'm just saying I wish
what if guys did that when we get away
with it no right thank you
she said no you said what I would we
really get away with it man we would we
would hold on
how long for a good Jerry Springer so we
get away with a guy coming out there
what have we got a guy named he on say
some guys out there if you really really
like a butcher Balboni
[Applause]
if your family would like a cup the
balls with please don't cancel me
[Applause]
[Music]
man does anyone take a goober or lived
here tonight anybody take a brother to
okay
I don't know the Laugh Factory had a
mayor I know none of us believe in acts
here's an emote uber lyft uh you know
I'm not a big fan I like cab still you
know like a New York cab I like a New
York cab
uber and lyft is still kind of weird to
me because it's a cat but it's not you
don't know the dude but he's in your
phone for some reason but the simple
life hacks that you do to make yourself
feel comfortable in these cars you know
this in the lyft app you can change your
name to whatever you want you don't have
to go back over my name I'm just saying
it's kind of nice for time to get in the
car lyft driver looks at this phone in
my profile and goes um hey son
five stars dad and then we don't talk to
the whole ride and it feels really
familiar you know no man I don't like
uber pool because sometimes you get that
one dude a little too energetic a little
too excited to be there you know what
I'm talking about
he's got a backpack a white dress shirt
just comes in like hey how's everybody
doing like [ __ ] that's all how this
works [ __ ] alright this is a car but
these are bus rules you know hey thank
you thank you I am in a relationship if
any one relationship here okay just her
one sad lady in the shadows
this is our night out let's go on a
Monday I guess I'm not a Friday girl I'm
in a relationship now which means uh you
know I recently had some growth iced not
a big uh not a big porn guy which is a
lot easier than saying who love a big
porn guy this is how you know you had a
rock bottom we came to porn I stopped
watching porn because of this reason
because after I was masturbating and I
finished and then I start reading the
porn comments on the videos that's not a
good place in life when after you Jackie
Lee starts saying yourself hmm now what
a creeps think one guy wrote I don't
know man her moaning seems kinda fake
yeah bro she's also not really a nurse
what do often ticinese she's scared out
of her mind
leave her alone I am in a relationship
I've learned that women talk about the
relationship way more than men do right
guys keep that card close to the vest
women talk about it my girlfriend came
to recently I was like hey I just told
my mom you finally said I love you I was
like round that reminds me I should tell
my mom that I have a girlfriend ha ha
if your mom doesn't know you have a
girlfriend you know get this date ends
tonight I this is they know your
relationship and you learn new things
every day dude your vocabulary expands
when you're in a relationship you learn
something your partner all the time for
instance went to a restaurant I go babe
oh do you feel like eating she look at
the menu then looked at me when honestly
I'm nude with some broccolini I mean
I'll see people I'm a dumb guy I didn't
know that was a word I thought is our
nickname for broccoli oh this would be
cute like oh my god does he call it
that's adorable
well maybe I'll get a hamburger Ino
maybe some ice cream he's after try to
get laid that night
ooh denied Oh uh-huh I'll leave you guys
of this did you know this broccolini
look it up you see in a restaurant it's
a mad made vegetables you know that it's
a genetically modified supplies between
asparagus and broccoli it was made in a
lab at 93 right here in Los Angeles
which kind of makes sense because only
in LA with someone look at broccoli be
like you should be taller and thinner
all right change your name
Sam or ethnic it'll fly in the
restaurant scene I've been a don't step
you have a great night everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
give it up a Ricardo Martinez some
people think I'm gay but I'm not it's
cool I get it I got a whole Ricky for my
so-called life thing going on over there
I get it like it sometimes I think God
wanted to make me gay he just forgot to
put in the gay he's like making me he's
like stirring it up you know making
humans upstairs cooking I was like I'm
in the mood to make a gay oh yeah let me
just whip one together all right what do
we got ingredients Wes all right cool
slightly effeminate sure let's call it
out all right what else we got
all right loves to shop I do I love a
good sale at pennies absolutely loves to
dance he absolutely I want to feel the
heat with somebody I do I do
okay thanks Celine Dion is an amazing
performer I'll fight you if you think
otherwise
or still takes my breath away all right
comedic Lee talented absolutely
[Music]
absolutely
modest [ __ ] this awesome
what else we got oh [ __ ] Begay I forgot
the gay I forgot to put in the game we
just good and he sneeze and he hit the
lever something and I shot out he's like
oh he's not gonna make any sense
he's incomplete he's going to want to
take fat girls to prom and sleep with
them I did and I did
the point I'm making is that there's
just ways to get in shape and look sexy
at the same time that's what I'm trying
to say Oh
churning butter by the way I don't know
if anybody's ever churned butter you got
a vat of milk don't let it go to waste
you can do some very sexy things with
that you take a long piece of hickory
vat of milk and just churn that now a
lot of times we'll turn this way that's
proper I guess if you talk to people
from Kentucky but they can kiss my ass
all right
you can also do it like this works it
cool gray oh yeah hello churning butter
Alice you feel like a dairy magician
after I'm done
I do you know what was milk is now
butter give myself a literal war - you
ain't got to reward yourself after your
workouts just knife a hand reach in grab
myself a liberal handful I mean a
liberal handful huh
I just get myself a raw butter bath oh
so good listen I don't give you you been
married 25 years your woman comes in
sees you giving yourself a butter bath I
don't care how liberated how educated
everything stops it just taps into the
DNA they don't know how to put it in the
context the purse drops they're just
like what the [ __ ] are you doing in the
middle of my living room
nothing skip myself a butter bath that's
all it's not illegal is it I mean you
ain't the butter police are you bother
police we tell you something right now
she is the butter police she best
slapped them cuffs on real time cuz I
care wrong T my wrist will be all cans
of buttery and I might just slip out
she's either gonna want pancakes is
she's gonna want to F to the ugh
I uh I have children I have children
I've reproduced I have a I have two two
children and that's what the court says
I'm gonna go with that I have a son that
the it's actually becoming very very
popular you know he's he's a male exotic
dancer and he's bringing chicks over you
know it's good I have a son that's a
skateboarder and I didn't I don't want
him to skate you know what did I know I
don't know there's no money you know I
wanted to go to school get an education
and he said he would do that if I showed
him my degree and that [ __ ] for I'm
attorney for you to get better not for
me you know I got no problems and he
skates which I had mnek problems with it
because it just seemed to me like like a
real Caucasian sport you know if I said
what are you trying to be you know what
are you trying to be and he said
successful and I had to go with that you
know because skateboarding is just not
something that's just like whether it's
it's not your kind of you're not in the
body hey where you from is it
my very good friend is gay and let me
tell you gay guys are the best wingman
ever you go with the gay guy girls just
so friendly all of a sudden you know I
mean they don't get defensive at all gig
I just let the gay guy start the
conversation oh my god I love you shoes
hey k so excited oh my god that's when
you go in you see the same [ __ ] yeah I
like your shirt too huh
and then the frickin it all happens from
there best wingman ever
the only time it gets complicated when
you gave French says now I need to be
his wingman to go to gay club I know
right this happened really my friend
like okay next week gotta go to gay club
every times like no is like why and like
he literally questioned my light he's
like why I'm like I don't want to go to
gay come not sure of your sexuality are
you confused I'm like let's go right now
you're a true story I decided go to gay
club and let me tell you I'm sure my
sexuality man I'm Persian freakin you
know we're like we're very met like guys
in my culture will kiss you know they
like how about like we haven't even met
each other nice to meet you hell are you
[ __ ] you you know
your uncle's kid okay thank you
like slobbering and [ __ ] it's like we
grew up very touchy feeling I'm very
comfortable you know I'm not like home
before but I I said I'll go I'll go I'll
go support and I was on my way to club I
was okay I'm not gonna lie till five
minutes before I walk into the gay club
when you get to the vicinity of the gay
club and you see what's going on that's
when you really freak out these guys
party in a whole another level I got to
the club right there rage oh my god it
is raging I had never seen it I saw a
guy outside the club this dude is not
even wearing clothes look who goes
clubbing like the dude is not wearing
anything just wearing like speedos
glitter on his chest and a dildo
necklace a dildo net I just think I just
chilling
that was the bouncer
I freaked out I'm like I don't know
what's going to happen I first thing I
thought about going somebody grabs my
ass you know what I mean I don't know
what the rituals to check your ID
fricking gay now
I was in Atlanta they got two inches of
snow and shut the whole city down and I
was running around after the app so I
was like yeah I don't know what cold is
smacking people they're like what is
that that's what's the cargo wind feels
like being Center running off there was
one lady though that gave less of a damn
to me which is very rare I walked up to
her I was like hey Tonya is it okay yeah
I we wait like three hours you have any
kind of updates anything you could
possibly tell us at all she gets right
on the intercom
thank you for choosing Delta Airlines
this is Tonya now I know some of y'all
got questions
I got questions too but right now we
born the plane because we can't find the
cabin I don't know
I don't film so all along so if you got
any other questions I'm gonna need you
to be like Superman lifted a Mustang and
hold your horses thank you
I don't know why everybody so mad about
these two inches shot in the whole city
down [ __ ] I shut down every time I see
two inches you hear me [ __ ] I'm on
break and we're Facebook friends cuz
that was some gangsta [ __ ] to say on
[Music]
let's start out how are you good Vegas
are you biggest people I can't tell Oh
section back there needs a lot of work
holy [ __ ] yeah he's all right where you
folks from Vegas all right why are you
back there you being punished or some
[ __ ] what is that I love Vegas
I live here now I can't believe it's
raining it's odd I'm from Jersey I miss
rain oh my god moisture really what
what's going on these are my people
thank you I'm not going home for
Christmas did mom send you here
let's get we're here Rob's here welcome
Jersey did you bring the rain [ __ ]
I'm happy I miss it it's usually dry I
love Vegas but everything's beige you
can't even find your house I pulled in a
neighborhood I'm like I live in one of
these [ __ ] right it's dry people here
always want me to go for a hike I don't
even comprehend that being from Jersey
hey you want to go for a hike you mean a
long walk I don't even it's a desert
where are we going we're gonna bring
food and water that sounds too far ivory
i watch all those shows like I survived
and then I picture going out and being
you know on the side of a rock like I
should have [ __ ] done this hike I've
all sorts of weird issues with death my
deal with death is when I die I just
want to die fast I don't want to play
games like tornado I don't want to die
in a tornado I don't think you die right
away
I think you're up there for a minute
right just looking over at your husband
or your wife and you're like you wanted
to live here oh my god there's my high
school like flying jersey people flew I
don't mind flying I don't want to not
fly you know what I mean I get nuts
watching all those shows like where
planes don't fly last time I was in the
airport they searched me three times you
get searched three times you start to
lose it you're like oh my god you know
what I think I've some [ __ ] in there
you know what I only want those bags
anymore I'll wear what I have on thank
you my bags have zippers this guy had
boxes sealed in duct tape he was good to
go what my New Jersey brain was melting
I'm like really
we're not curious about the box I've
never made a bomb before but I have a
good idea duct tapes involved in that
[ __ ] I put the face to work I was a girl
what about you know what I found out get
you searched again
[Music]
you know I hate situations where I have
to feel guilty I'm Catholic by trade so
I always feel like that guilt you know
you pull up the set eleven there's
always a little [ __ ] up looking dude
you know he's gonna ask you for money
you know you got three hours in quarters
but you'll be damned if you give this
[ __ ] our time
go on rob somebody [ __ ] people are
dying by the million and you're out here
give me a dime [ __ ] you [ __ ] but you
feel guilty I really do I don't give a
[ __ ] about giving somebody three dollars
but [ __ ] go earn it do something
[ __ ] watch the car fill the gas up
something don't just sit there can you
help me I'm not [ __ ] really I was
with you were you got a got a mugger
[ __ ] hide behind the red box you
don't say somebody comes out you hit him
with one of those [ __ ] videos and you
take his wallet at least you don't put
me in guilt I'll be in pain it's a
different [ __ ] emotion
I hate being guilty I really do
sometimes all you want to do is smoke
dope and put your feet up and watch TV
and also in Sarah McLachlan shows up
with those [ __ ] animals and you got
to sit there and you like [ __ ] to you
[ __ ] I already got seven cats
[ __ ] you started hugging your
calf you guilty [ __ ] and you
can't find the remote control [ __ ] cuz I
tie I don't give to charities no more
either they robbed you what happened to
the black kid with the Flies on them
when after years ago I sent him ten
dollars I never got a picture I don't
know what happened to him did he go to
college that he got out of Africa did he
get rid of the Flies what the [ __ ]
happened
my mom ma'am I love my mom my mother is
so caring and so loving you know because
they're Middle East thing they like kill
you with like feeding you in the head
that feeds you so much you want to die
but you know my mom knows me so well she
does this one thing that drives me crazy
you know I can't I came home the other
guys just hey come here come here come
here Mike watch because I put some
organic tomato juice I hate Tomatoes she
knows I hate Tomatoes and she doesn't
like a secret it's create for you mom I
don't like tomato just none it'll have
some bits good for your hair if we work
hard for your brain for your manhood
everything mom I hate tomato juice okay
okay okay that means you're dead okay
okay okay okay but she doesn't give up
this is just the beginning
you think it's really over no they set
up the table my sister's come to
cheering tomato juice only couple the
fantastic Omega true oh you know you
want some no I'm okay
you don't know what you're missing it's
okay they eat they finish my mom doesn't
give up she leans in pours a whole glass
of tomato juice just having it end of it
come on Joseph oh no come on
having it ten minutes you know at that
point on losing like mom I don't want
any tomato juice yeah
once it's wrong with you it's not like
anybody forcing you nobody's twisting it
on you don't wanna drink you don't
really care okay I didn't get for their
[Applause]
mom I'm sorry bring the whole bottle of
tomato juice the whole bottle right yeah
very good
[Applause]
do you guys have a pet together you have
a couple pets go down the list two cats
all right you got one annoying pet if
you got two cats did you know that it
was uh it was hashtag I love my pet day
last week did you know that it was very
annoying hashtag I'm one of those people
hashtag I love my pet that's everyone
that's everyone with a pet you don't
take a picture you're a dog and you put
it on Instagram and the captions never
[ __ ] that thing yeah that thing's
basically a mop [ __ ] that mop hashtag
[ __ ] that mop no one does that
everyone's taking pictures with their
dogs I love my dogs yeah no [ __ ] man you
bought a dog idiot yeah see I've had one
dog in my life we named him dad because
he used to run away all the time
yeah one person clapped everybody else
got real sad at once just kidding that's
just a joke obviously named him dad
because he's [ __ ] a bunch of other
[ __ ] in the neighborhood that's also
joke
named her dad cuz no one helps you look
for a dog named champ
that's you're walking around your
neighborhood of three o'clock in the
morning champ yeah your neighbors are
gonna know that you lost your dog and
they're gonna skedaddle be a more
responsible person they'll say has their
skedaddling they don't care you're doing
that same thing your whole family is in
their socks right crying stepping in
puddles three o'clock in the morning dad
people hang out
[Music]
are very different
you guys don't know yep-yep-yep
yep-yep-yep baby boomer okay let me
think about this first
Harvard nice spelling mistake nope Oh
has a cat Gabe no school no bio looks
like my dad yep so we invented daddy
issues in LA you know that right it's a
home of the daddy issue I like girls
with daddy issues cuz you know
apparently I'm daddy now you guys want
to hear about my daddy debut cuz I just
had a birthday this year and I turned
you know creepy years old I got my first
daddy
whatever I'm stone so I was um so we
were having sex right and I was um we're
the brothers say I was blowing her back
out right I was blowing her yo that's
the dope way to talk about it I was
blown her back out yeah you were weren't
you what a like I say I was [ __ ] the
[ __ ] out of her bra I was [ __ ] the
[ __ ] over then afterwards what happened
dude I [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of her bra
did you
I wouldn't want I wouldn't want to [ __ ]
this [ __ ] out of a woman I wouldn't even
want to [ __ ] the fart out of a woman
that would be and if I did [ __ ] the [ __ ]
out of a girl I wouldn't be bragging
about it I'd be hiding the bathroom like
oh my god Shawn you're not gonna believe
this
I just [ __ ] the [ __ ] out of this girl
and I must had a special spot maybe not
a g-spot of B spot I don't know I
[Music]
whatever I wasn't doing either I was
doing my best that's what I was doing I
was like you know I was doing circles to
compensate whatever and she turned and
she was younger you know let's just say
she was young enough to be my daughter
but she wasn't so it was hot and during
it she tried she was mmm can I call you
daddy is it oh I'm offended I should
write for the Oscars
even the oceans like that's not
offensive that ocean thing is hilarious
in my head so what the [ __ ] was I just
talking about seriously oh it's okay
what oh yeah how does that happen anyone
here I'm the only one it's happened to
you right is that your girlfriend that's
your wife
I'm gonna go with the 15 year age
difference how much six okay you should
get some just for men so listen I uh oh
now we're offended about products that
make men's hair okay whatever [ __ ] it I
swear to god I'm gonna get to my set at
some point whatever you get can I quit
daddy and I go what do you say to that
the only answer is yeah you can't be
like oh it's may I call you daddy
whoo she's like yeah I guess you know
the same move and and then she's like
yeah talk to me daddy oh now I got lines
this is my daddy debut I've never been
daddy before now I gotta talk as daddy I
don't know what daddy dialogue looks
like your sounds like what like Oh
something like in my head well I think
might like the porn I've watched me like
the porn they always got that like under
Bailey they always got hair like that
guy did their football
yeah so do I think my time like that's a
weird word to start a dirty talking with
when you're first you know I'm not a
dirty talker so it's a weird thing you
know like that daddy
yeah you licked it daddy dick what else
you gonna say you nicked away daddy does
do it it was a goal it erase it I was
like dr. Seuss when like sling bateson
be recorded daddy dick alright you're
not right for the rest of that joke okay
boy it's not a swipe app this is what
maybe this will maybe a little because I
swiped on a girl from a different a
different race which is off because I'm
Native American I'm born in America and
Wow
now I'm actually mixed I don't if you
tell some people who does kind of in my
eyes I'm half white half trash anyone my
people are from Ireland they moved to
Kentucky for some [ __ ] reason
Kentucky really I grew up in Virginia
though good very racist part of Virginia
called Virginia and I had to go back
there recently for this big event oh I
hate going back home it's always the
same [ __ ] everyone's always drunk some
cheap wine boxes they got their pans
like hitched up over their diabetes
belly Oh bodega cross out it ruin ain't
got no TVs or Nick and Earth gummies
they all got bad backs from driving
trucks just walking around like a bunch
of drunk midgets like
I will your turn a light on
your turn early on you might get a lot
of [ __ ] out there near light bill
you mark a lot of pushing up there in
their labia and I'm always like oh I'm
not really mom keep your voice down
we're at dad's funeral
you're such a narcissist making the
funeral about you mom
Dana's my sister
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
there was this thing I don't know if you
remember it it was called love songs
okay the way you knew that they were
love songs is it actually had the word
love in the song wow these songs sound
like sexual harassment have you noticed
what's going on I'm serious
it's like something happened ten years
ago like right around 2000 something
went into water and stuffs just shifted
up my friend has a song now he says it's
a love song because he says in the worst
of the song that he wrote it to the girl
he loves
here are the lyrics to the song I wrote
him down and no it's not baby I been I
see you driving round town with the girl
I love and I'm like [ __ ] you
I see the change in my pocket wasn't
enough so I'm like [ __ ] you and I [ __ ]
her too this is not a loss on people now
I like CeeLo a lot I truly do but he
looked like Rick Ross and Larry the
Cable Guy just had a baby real right he
is not in the position to be writing
songs called [ __ ] you I'm just saying
now Cee Lo is upset I get that now here
is what he really should have wrote the
song about I see you riding with that
dude with regular-sized arms and I'm
like [ __ ] him
don't make me laugh can't reach the
change in my pocket which in short a
song so I'm like [ __ ] to me to me cuz
I'm finna go shave my hair something
like that
CeeLo is upset that's what it is system
Tyrannosaurus Rex arms he is truly upset
about now the queen of this foolishness
is Kai she has a song called my neck my
back she wastes no time she comes right
out to date with fire I'll let his
populist it like this shake your body
don't stop don't miss miss what can you
do kick help me understand miss what all
the ladies pop your [ __ ] like this
shake your body don't stop don't miss
miss one and she shouldn't ping-pong
balls out the couch am am I in a brothel
in Korea somebody help me understand
miss wife then she goes to the hook my
neck my back lick my [ __ ] and my cry
hey my neck my back lick my [ __ ] and my
crack for real here's what I don't
understand about that song at no point
does she mentioned bathing you said I'm
saying that's a key part of the Lincoln
decision for me
you want me looking next back coaches
and cracks with the last time you
watched was it a scented soap was it
unscented I need information did you
just come from the [ __ ] gym are we 10
days away from bloody Tuesday what
I need to know I'm licking next facts
and coaches and cracks I need to know
now the king the absolute reigning king
of this smut he actually I didn't
realize this until other day he's
actually in the movie drum lamby's and
into the movie it's beauty Pablo right
so Petey Pablo has a song called freakin
leek and this will complete our 10-year
journey from present day to 2000 and
here are the lyrics do you want it on
the floor do you want it on a chair do
you want it over here do you want it
over there now don't that sound like dr.
Seuss for strippers to you right do you
want it in your [ __ ] do you want it in
your ass now I'm sorry that's not a
proposition as a threat do you wanna do
[ __ ] do you want look if I was a woman
I would have to think about that it's
not like paper or plastic
do I want em up hold on a minute boo
don't be mad okay imma have to take
[ __ ] please don't be mad if you find
yourself for the club late at night and
the question on the floor is do you own
it in your or do you want it in your and
the stark stranger that you have never
met before chooses ass check pawn Adam's
apple that's all I'm saying
I don't mean to be homophobic I don't
people like what they like
potato potato Obama T I don't matter I'm
just saying be safe people be safe
that's my time good night [ __ ]
you
oh he's hot his hairs out here in Las
Vegas and he got stepped out the airport
the fiber blanket mouth my time I can
enter my pocket to reach that light that
[ __ ] fired his self up and he goes like
god damn [ __ ] [ __ ] was a short after
that [ __ ] [ __ ] what's up Big Dawg y'all
I'm right sister died okay cool cool
cool I rolled Spirit Airlines down here
it's a real [ __ ] me out the fight I
had to Pat myself down to make sure I
was still alive it in my father I see
you noticed a bullish it when the
mechanic get on a plane which didn't
take huh I'm flying on [ __ ] they go
around what you see Eddie goddamn I had
to ask the fright of 10 I said anything
anything to drop the motor 10,000 feet
in the sky is it [ __ ] [ __ ]
huh the hotel right head getting out of
control
- any [ __ ] at the motel sit had a nerd
asked me did I want to put a card on the
room for incidentals that's what the
worst thing could happen in here a ropes
go down my goddamn face long sleep Oh
buddy you need $50 to order some pesky
trolling in [ __ ] [ __ ] no [ __ ] me
god damn
oh he's hot as hell up here mistake yeah
nice [ __ ] me up by the night [ __ ]
me up shouted god damn it's our ways the
inconvenience dealing with homeless
people on you I mean [ __ ] mean I got a
dollar too [ __ ] but you roll up on me
at Wendy's asking me for a Baconator
yeah that's a bum they're not gonna
whoop their last name on felony like a
terrorist threat they go to [ __ ] around
with you
[ __ ] me ain't got no problem get your
dog I can't spend that much on you no
money
ain't got nobody advice for homeless
people know that's evening advice I
pulled up to the gas station it was a J
out there that's what we call them
behind a J's [ __ ] 65 300 pounds
begging for change since five 300-pound
begging for change
I said I'm finna get this and they get
the best advice for black people saying
Marlon King and Malcolm it
I walked up on anything I said [ __ ] be
honest I robbing everybody
bigger than tomorrow for the new the
[ __ ] around - [ __ ] maybe goddamn [ __ ]
who will buy for the night boy ain't
pulling out I am circumcised either so
you'll have a lot of skin definite bang
and a lot of in that [ __ ] yes sir
right why are you happy - you ain't
second sizes I know it's all good thing
on second side though she is me I made
sure she got me straight
[Applause]
[Music]
oh god no I I just very recently got out
of a relationship thank you I appreciate
that
and it was like with someone for the
first time who was gayer than me which
was like super exciting I like on and on
the Kinsey scale I'm like you guys know
it the Kinsey scale is yeah I'm like a
nine point six on the Kinsey scale which
like literally makes me sequence so it's
it's hard like these are my baggiest
genes okay let that soak in this is like
when I have a layover in a square State
this is the genes that I wear no I just
I just got out of a relationship and
it's crazy cause like now that I'm
getting older I'm like holy [ __ ] I'm
like I've become so gay that I'm like
now above the law
it's pretty [ __ ] wonderful like I
swear to god I get pulled over and like
the police just don't know how to handle
me they like look at me I feel like they
see me walking down the street smoking a
joint and they're like it might be
French it's like definitely super flaky
maybe it's a croissant and then they
just like we've got like whatever I know
I would be a croissant you know because
what is it Chris honest like the gays
pastry for sure yeah
a croissant is just a bagel with a
tighter hole right god
flakier strung-out it just a croissant
strung out on ecstasy oh my god ladies
wait pause ladies if you've taken take a
birth control and an ecstasy it's like
taking a trip without the kids Hey
write it down write it down
tweet it yeah no but I swear like I'm so
gay now it's like it's it's working to
my advantage like I got pulled over on
the test going like 90 in my Fiat
obviously and I get pulled over into the
shoulder and I'm like in my heart-shaped
glasses blasting Rihanna and I was and I
was raised by a single mother so I was
just like trained to it any sort of like
if there's any sort of like I'm getting
pulled over I just have to just sobbed
hysterically and apologize in advance so
I'm like oh God and I swear the cop just
like walk to my car like looked at me
completely walk straight back to his car
called his son at baseball practice and
was like I'm so proud of you I love you
never changed I was like I'll take it
off I can take it I yeah it's crazy so I
the person that broke up for me he was
in are there any nurses in here yeah I
like anyone that works in the medical
profession okay did if you've ever dated
a nurse they're [ __ ] insane I don't
know this is coming from someone who
liked as a kid used to blow up birds for
leisure okay
they're insane but like it was it should
have never worked from the start like I
it just it was a horrible match like I
can't take things seriously and it was
so hard for me to understand that like
people that worked at hospitals or like
medical professions also like adjust and
like live a real life outside of the
hospital
so we would like go out it would be like
him and these nurses and surgeons and
they would like take a shot and be like
shears
cheers and it would be like me in the
back and I just be like I guess Karen's
spinal fusion is just gonna perform
itself in the morning
now he's like stop it stop it every time
I just couldn't get over it he would
like come home in the uniform you know
in the scrubs I like guy cuz I say to my
scrubs
I'm just I'm just such a hypochondriac
you would come home I'd be like you know
you like to see me in this uniform and
he would like go to lay on my bed and I
would just like [ __ ] shoot him with a
spray bottle like he was a cat I was
like off off off off off I just couldn't
handle it when he when he broke up with
me wait what were the word the exact
words were let me get this right you're
an unattached [ __ ] boy who was
emotionally cheating before their
relationship started I know
put that on a pillowcase right holy [ __ ]
I'm like does someone know where there's
the things remembered I could find and I
was just like let me tell you this he
was right he he called it commitment
issues I called it freelance it was like
a it was a hard you know it was hard for
us to both agree on
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below
obviously some people I know I don't
know um yo Smith yeah that's my comedy
name my real name is Albert but I can't
really write that anywhere for anybody
so Albert Smith is even like a 17th
century farmer our new tech support
either one just as bad just as bad um
heard a host earlier give it up for this
guy came out here with his out his wife
right kids at home drinking wine white
guy in a front of a comedy club no wife
he killed her that's what I'm thinking
I tell my jokes from over here sketchy a
little bit a little bit sir Oh
commies not easy coming hard traveling
the United States trying to do jokes I
don't know sir have you ever sir have
you ever traveled like maybe like dude
Jackson Mississippi nine o'clock at
night as a black man no it's a little
scary it's a little terrifying you never
been to that state and you're driving
through it all you're thinking about
let's go PBS shows and stuff like that
like I don't want Morgan Freeman
narrating my death and stuff like that I
don't want that to happen you're driving
you look to the right I kid you not you
look to the right you see a sign that
says Civil War Reenactment two miles
that way be like what uh where am i like
like you pull up to the Walmart you see
the guys with the Confederate shirts on
the Confederate hats you like alright
Walmart have us around through cuz I'm
not I'm not getting out the car like I
need to see another minority not even
another black person another minority I
need to see like a Chinese restaurant
somebody cutting grass I need to see
something I'm not getting out right do
you see that random black guy like a
must-own like cool cool I hope they
don't drain really workers I'm not
stopping it's gonna blow
want to keep going come back for help
but it like shaking Leroy's hand giving
a Leroy high fives like alright it might
be cool here in Jackson right that's
like another black guy another black guy
on another black guy like man I hope
these dudes don't rob me man seriously I
just lock my doors I don't know my
stereotype everybody I watch Fox News
that's their type myself like I don't
know in my dangerous maybe I'm maybe
anybody watches Fox News out here all
these white people nobody watches Fox
News the ISIS thank you sir for being
honest
I know who you voted for all right cool
it's crazy though you gotta watch you
know cuz the army they love Chicago
oh my god they love Chicago I never been
to Chicago but apparently Chicago's like
a rack like almost like like you got to
stop the games in Chicago you got
something game people don't wanna stop
game violence I think if you want to
stop game violence just name the streets
after things gamers don't want to claim
can't be hardcore I can't walk up this
government hey what street you stay on
what street I stay on
well I live a little strawberry okay
that's why I live that's why I stay
there to put Avenue you can't be hard
repping the street if it's name not the
food that's all I'm saying so a little
bit about myself but sounds name fat it
my name is Albert I'm married just like
this guy but I didn't kill her
I have three girls at home no boys three
girls that's right that's right I know
three girls yeah yeah I know I don't
look like it Thanks yeah and it's you
crazy when you live in a house with
three girls like I know why if you take
all the mannerism the characteristics of
the people you're around like I never
been I thought myself getting more
emotional now like the estrogen it's
like floating around my house when I'm
breathing in like carbon dioxide I'm
like crying at commercials now I'm
crying at movies I saw in the 80s before
like what it like my guy friend but did
you see the Justice League movie did you
see that like no I see beauty in the
beasts like guys is that my wife tries
to tell me he's no difference between
boys and girls a man and women it's a
huge difference right it's a huge
difference I used to work your target I
used to work at Target in high school
and women used to come in there all the
time and I noticed ever happen to you if
you ever works at a cash register women
used to pull money out of their bra they
used to pull sweaty boobs sweat money
out of their bra fill it back and hand
it to you and you had to take it like
women can't do that guys can't do that
like what that's 2295 hold on one second
let me this nobody wants ball sweat
money is all I'm saying
all right thank you sir I didn't I
helped my joke at all all right I got
work it's argued all right I'm just
playing thank you sir
well let me know that so I have a four
year old name is Kayla anybody have kids
kids this guy claims he's they're still
alive I will for you another day I
wanted to store it before you oh and I
don't know who's ever happen to you
but she picked up a Barbie doll and I'm
like first of all put that back in
that's not Princess Tiana no more white
naked Barbies in my house I'm not buying
that so I buy my items like getting the
car on 12 miles down the road I look at
the backseat my daughter has two Barbie
doll and Abasi
it's like oh my god like that kind of so
you target cuz I'm 12 miles down the
road I'm not turning back you need up
security game
let a four-year-old get over and you
need like new manuals or something like
that right but the next week she tried
to do the same things trying to pick the
same Barbie doll I had to sit her down
like Kayla sweetheart you can't do that
you can't do that but here TPB
headphones by dr. dre hold that those
are $300 hold that see we can do this
she's cool though she got me this Apple
watch she split because she has a
certain set of skills next week we're
going to Home Depot I'm sorry no no no I
don't want your pity oz anyway Al Smith
that's my name remember it thank you
guys join us on the show
[Applause]
[Music]
let's talk about abortion I think it's
good I think it borscht is a good thing
I don't really - anyway we fix abortion
is bad because if you think it's bad you
think life matters I mean it doesn't
there's no question life doesn't matter
you're not here for any purpose all of
you were come and your dad's balls
we don't matter at all you could have
been swallowed by your mother to this
world I put this wall do I blew your dad
busted with my Jew mouth and that's why
he was distant because he was confused
about sexuality that I believe in well
and I swallowed them that was your
sibling
life doesn't matter at all you could
have ended up being shot into a
butterfly tattoo don't go away there's a
heaven or hell you're a child walking
through this world even I ended up in
your debts bill yeah I don't want to
[ __ ] hear about Jesus I'm sorry I'm
Jewish I know the truth I don't care
Christianity help you stop drinking we
all
and sorry it makes you feel better and
happier than me but I hate you here's
what I want to say about abortion have
you noticed something it's always the
worst states in our union that think
life is the most important like there's
certain states like Oklahoma Alabama
North Dakota there was trying to skirt
roe v-- wade with these partial birth
the bands and all that stuff and it's
weird because those states should be
parking lots for LA you know what I mean
like no one should like there you're
gonna pay to not live there but they
think life is the most precious thing
and they always think abortion is so bad
health escapes why do they think life is
such a good thing and I thought about it
just because they don't have traffic
like there were that's the whole reason
if you live in North Dakota and any
moment during any day you could drive
three hours in any direction and maybe
not see another person the whole time so
logically you think life is rare so
therefore is special
but we live in LA so we know life is
that we just about that information
every time we get no Prius - after the
show will be about 10 o'clock throughout
for five minutes and you'd be like oh
yeah there's way too many humans for a
virus so we need to be stopped to stop
the abortion debate once and for all and
the way we do it is we fly everyone from
Oklahoma and North Dakota out to LAX on
a Friday afternoon and they're right
when they land tell all them to go pick
a package up in Burbank then another way
back down the 405 they'll be like okay
abortion is still murder but murder is
legal now white people out we'll give
you about yours - I don't know anything
to clear out the city
[Music]
been hanging out with weird comedians
lately comedians are weird anyone
friends with the comic here yeah they're
weird right yeah I won't comment but
doesn't apply here I was actually I was
actually hanging out on Sunset here
after a show a few weeks ago with
another comedian and these young girls
walked by us and the other comedian goes
dude I wish I was still in high school
so I could bang underage chicks and I
was just like dude I don't relate to
this at all I didn't get laid till I was
20 and I didn't bang a 17 year old till
I was 30 so I don't know what you're
talking about sometimes people tell me I
look a little younger than I actually am
and I'll usually date girls that are in
their 20s and they don't even think to
ask me how old I am until after we have
sex and after we do it they're like so
how old are you anyway and I'm just like
let me answer that by asking you a
question
what's the oldest guy you've ever had
sex with and she's like I don't know
like 35 and then I just look at her real
creepy and I go wrong
47 is your new number she was pissed too
she was like well at least let me ask
you this have you ever had an STD and I
was like no and then she just looked at
me real creepy and said rah
[Applause]
herpes
just kidding ladies don't have her I
think it might be immune to herpes is
that possible yeah I don't know I have a
theory my theory is that Jews are immune
to herpes actually are there any Jews
with herpes in here tonight raise your
hand yeah I've done this at like 50
shows now and nobody has raised their
hand once we are the chosen people
[Music]
I know there's a lot of by the way so
many cats so many stray cats here in Los
Angeles okay excuse me
we got a I propose thank you
we're going to build an incredible cat
sanctuary okay huge cat sanctuary and
we'll be calling a grabber advisor [ __ ]
okay
and by the way by the way if you were
skills I bombed okay i bombed the
country in the Middle East who knows
okay I found it so well did you see that
we gotta get rid of Isis Isis Isis okay
I'll be finished with Isis they'll be
called is not okay eventually there will
be nothing they'll be like a double
negative nut nut okay
Hamas and Palestine okay huge problem
Hamas okay you'd problem with Hamas we
gotta get rid of the main ingredients of
Hamas chickpeas olive oil and garlic
okay you're not clapping let's get it
out of here okay
uh blue okay Mexico through the throat
of folks Mexico we're building that wall
I don't care if we shut it down and
Friday we've been in the world okay
we're gonna build a wall in Mexico okay
on the border and now Mexico okay
they're threatening dr. sells beans
anymore can you believe that
unassailable ill no beans the United
States of America okay well I said to
the president black beans lives matter
okay
they matter strap yourselves in okay
okay let's deport this guy straight away
okay I don't know who that that's the
Mexican I put polynomial aces okay
muchas gracias
by the way before I go are you sure
you're so happy that I'm here I know
this good Jamie Masada Jamie Masada okay
he begged me to be here by the way he so
begged me okay
he thought that's right he called me on
the phone he's like Donald I don't know
what I'm doing long small world he must
know that [ __ ] reporter am I wrong
I'll take that as a class you're great
crowd thank you very much enjoy the rest
your night and whoever wins it's all
fake okay guarantee
[Music]
I always eat late when you drink that's
a problem somebody's gonna end up at
Denny's here tonight that's inevitable
we're all responsible for keeping that
place in business has anybody been at
Denny's recently hell yeah what do you
[ __ ] work there dude you're very
fired up about that
oh yeah three moons over my hammy any
day of the week
if you're going to Denny's and you're
sober uh take this moment to reevaluate
your life okay not a choice you should
be making that's assumed at this point
life the food at Denny's is designed to
only digest with booze in your system
it's the shittiest food ever man you
know it's shitty too cuz it comes out
way too [ __ ] quick no food is gonna
be good for everybody
hey man can I get some eggs yeah sure
you mean these that were my pants what
the [ __ ] Jose no I don't why do you have
eggs in your pants dude I want off the
[ __ ] grill you should only be a
Denny's at 5:00 a.m. with a big group of
buddies having weird late-night Denny's
drunk discussions just weird [ __ ] like
what you'd really do for a Klondike bar
right just all that [ __ ] we've all had
that talk dude somebody always takes it
to an uncomfortable level look dude
those things are good man it's like a
dick for one you're caught [ __ ] go [ __ ]
Eric it's just ice cream roll you can
get the grocery store oh hey I'll loan
you the money [ __ ] you're not
doing a lifestyle change alright son
it's just a it's just a cold treat dude
my appendix burst inside my body which
if you don't know is the worst place is
that crazy that our appendix burst it's
the only organ in our body that doesn't
have a job to do but it's the first one
to be like [ __ ] this our other organs
must be like seriously you're the one
that had it up to here
I have organs in my body that I've had
every right to walk off the job years
ago due to unfair working conditions my
liver had been pumping poison out of my
body for years with a smile on its face
like a migrant worker just happy to have
a job in America meanwhile my appendix
is like some spoiled rich kid that
Campbell has to work at goddamn day in
its life and my liver was like hey
appendix can you help us out for like
one second and my appendix is like oh I
don't think so that's a theory I had to
develop because doctors still don't know
what makes our appendix burst isn't that
crazy it can kill us it's 2014 and they
don't know why we can send people to
Mars probably don't look it up and we
have no idea why our appendix burst I
came out of surgery I was like doctor
why did my appendix burst and he was
like I know right I was in the hospital
for seven days on morphine it makes you
constipated I was like I want to go home
and the doctor was like you can't leave
until you have a bowel movement and I
was like this is the weirdest standoff
I've ever had in any relationship seven
days in the hospital emergency surgery
no health insurance anybody won't know
how much that cost $45,000 and it's
crazy how you find out you get a bill in
the mail for $45,000
in the mail with the other mail like
it's just more mail except it's a bill
for $45,000
and a white envelope like all the other
envelopes that should not come in a
white envelope that should come in a
black envelope with a skull and
crossbones on it and when you open it a
picture of your hopes and dreams falls
out and burst into flames
because now you have the [ __ ]
hospital forty five thousand dollars my
friends had a lot of great financial
advice they were like what was it oh
[ __ ] them don't pay it what are they
gonna do put your appendix back in which
is a good point and in some countries
they do what I'm joking but whatever
country you just thought of you're
racist
I'm just trying to enjoy my life man
life is too damn short right now time
you turn your TV Oh things are just
getting crazy and crazier right sir
Presley was especially with our
President Trump you know he just Trump
just doing whatever the hell they want
to do he a billionaire you know
billionaires dude the [ __ ] they wanna do
they don't care I'm nervous because next
week he's getting ready to go to Europe
and talk to the Queen you're not
supposed to talk to the Queen and
kissing and touching on your bearing and
you grab it.about a [ __ ] come in
president trial by do the little bass
lips with the hair blowing [ __ ] almost
blew off for air force boy I give Trump
credit though he's turning the White
House's to the number one rated reality
show in the world as you know the
Kardashians reigns going down he put
them he blowing him out of the water and
they tried everything to get they
radians back to man Bruce Jenner he's
getting ready to transform into Martin
Luther King to get his ratings back he
coming out of those heels man I don't
like those car there how many man those
car dancers gonna ruin this year like
for real every man they get would they
ruined
Kanye West ruin he crazy he's just in
the st. aside and I don't know who the
hell kind of Kanye West is Lamar Odom
every time you see him on TV he passing
out did y'all see him on TMZ
he was at the club he couldn't pay his
bill he passed the hell out I can't pay
this [ __ ] I'm out of here
put him in the ambulance and drove him
off he got out of paying his bill I said
how much writer that would be an
Applebee's I had no damn to 420 baby I
see you at the car I'm out of here
okay go we'll be today today easy to see
[Music]
supposedly that's the way the Italian
people deal with their problems right
we're baseball bats and whackin people
that's why back in New Jersey you don't
see drive-by shootings there's too many
Italians they would never do it they
don't know how imagine an Italian doing
a drive-by a Vinay
move the car up close and when they ate
him with the back my son fixing you hey
you look good grab my shoe I got a lean
in
come on people you want to talk about
discrimination
whenever the Italians are on television
in the movies they make us play mafia
that's discrimination against the
Italians and all they ever wanted to
play was a mob boss and a mob movie and
I've been in two of them and in both of
them
I played the Irish cop that got whacked
in the first 60 seconds I want to see
the Italian people on fetish shows you
know you guys remember to move it is six
cents that would have been a good place
for an Italian actor because that little
kid would have been considered a rat
think about it it'd be like I see dead
people he went shut up you don't see
nobody
and that's who you know a lot of the
crazy trials out there take place in
California Oh Jay Simpson Laci Peterson
Robert Blake that's California as I'll
tell you right now they haven't killed
anybody from New Jersey never would have
made it to a trial think about it
imagine OJ Simpson killed somebody from
an Italian family judge Ito would ask
that family a long time ago does the
family wish to press charges family have
been like no let him go
we forgive them that he had charged will
drive them home from here Vinay get the
bad OJ's coming over I'm Mike Marino
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
i saw i was at an airport flying here i
was flying here last week
i saw arguably
the whitest thing i ever saw in my life
in the airport over here now granted
i've seen some white [ __ ] like i've been
to disneyland before
i seen an episode of big bang theory
before i was like this [ __ ] is
white but what i saw in the airport
topped both of those i saw a white guy
in the airport
make a citizen's arrest
even the white people like holy [ __ ]
that's white
and this is why it was the widest thing
i ever saw because the [ __ ] said
you stand right there
i'm making a citizen's arrest
and i was like yo this is the whitest
[ __ ] thing i ever saw in my life
[Applause]
and he was so serious that here's the
story okay give me the story i gotta
give you the story
i'm flying new york la i'm flying out of
gate b1
right gate b2 planing just landed
so everybody's getting off the plane and
there's a sign i'm going to give you the
whole story there's a sign on the wall
right here that says baggage claim
with an arrow pointing that way 99
percent of the people that got the plane
look at the sign
and they go back and slam let's head to
the back now granted there's an elevator
door right here
right one little white girl like 16 17
years old gets off the plane looks at
the sign
presses the button for the elevator this
is gate b2 now i'm at gate b1 watching
the whole thing happen
in true negro fashion i don't want to
get involved so
i see she's making this mistake i could
have easily been like hey white girl no
no it's down there
but i didn't give a [ __ ] so i sat right
there my headphones all like
i made a song of everything white girl
going the wrong way
white girl going the wrong way
so she gets on the elevator presses the
button doors closed goes down now
apparently
this is the elevator that takes people
down to the plane
to load and unload the plane so she
realizes she made a mistake gets back on
comes back up it took a whole like the
whole thing took like a minute
so she gets off the elevator when she
came back up white guy sitting the gate
b1 with us
he [ __ ] jumps into full white guy
mode he sees that get off the elevator
he's like
i didn't know why people paced before
they met but they make their stats he's
like he was pit
okay
did anybody see that anybody see that
anybody see that and another white guy
like what happened what happened he
looked at me like to see if i was going
to back him up like yeah i saw it
i didn't want to get involved he looked
dead at me i was like
so another bite guy's like what happened
he's like she went down
to the plane and came back up without
authorization
without authorization he kept saying i
was like why people really care about
authorization like
[ __ ] go where they want to go just so
you know are you authorized to be held
you authorized to kiss my ass the other
white guy's like wow yeah she went down
he's like yeah she went down
and came back up without authorization
and then he stops the white girl excuse
me excuse me excuse me excuse me
and she stops like huh what do you what
what what
what are you doing and she's like i
thought it was baggage claim i went down
and came back up it was
so i'm gonna go get my back no no no no
you can't go down you don't have the
authorization
to go down near the plane so you stand
right there and i was like oh [ __ ] it's
getting white
you stand right there i'm phoning this
in i'm making a citizen's arrest
[Applause]
and he pulled the cell phone out and
dialed the number like dial the number
like i'm at gate b1 you should send
somebody over here i'm making citizens
rest
and security came so now i was like yo
what the [ __ ] is that number he dialed
because i'm pretty sure [ __ ] don't
know it
and security came like they really came
over it's like you know airport security
they don't give a [ __ ] they're like high
school dropouts and [ __ ]
he came over eating a slice of pizza
like what happened
[Applause]
and he's like she went down
to the plane and came back up without
any authorization
and the security guard didn't give a
[ __ ] he's like okay so i have to go have
a seat sir have a seat
went to the white girl like what
happened she's like i went down i'll go
get your bag i don't give a [ __ ] go get
your bag
now he comes back over to our section
like yeah you see that
i get involved there's a problem with
america people don't get involved
i see something i say something i get
involved we're all like good for you
[ __ ] what you want a cookie
[ __ ]
now the plane's bored he's telling
everybody the story so then i said you
know
you stand right here i'm making citizens
arrest everybody says yeah good for you
sir can you walk when you walk please
can you just walk
plane takes off he's telling the flight
he she coming through with the drinks
and then i said
she's pushing the car like apple juice
orange juice [ __ ] what you want
I'm from Texas man I played football in
high school that's what you do you play
football in high school only problem
with me was my freshman year of high
school is 5/3 and 96 pounds yeah the
first time I got hit I saw Jesus which
is okay for most of you but I'm Hindu do
you realize how hard you have to be hit
to see somebody else's God
I like how half of you got the joke and
the other house like he's not Mexican
only at the airport only at the airport
straight through security I'm not right
I just keep walking I had a party in my
house recently uh and some vegans came
over any vegans here tonight you're
vegan that's right how long have you
been vegan 10 years amazing that's
amazing they get enough protein to clap
both your hands look somebody you have
to assist you like did you have a power
bar today can you guys - can I ask you
this because I had these vegans come out
why do vegans try to trick you into
eating their food like hey do you like
that chocolate cake do you like it yeah
it tasted like chocolate cake didn't
know there's no eggs in it's [ __ ]
vegan we don't do that back to you okay
hey do you like that muffin yeah that
blueberry muffin you like it ha ha ha
no not blueberries Panda and the sense
of entitlement vegans have this sense of
entitlement these two guys came oh man
they go I had we had but we had cookies
we had cakes we had win chips we had the
booze the whole nine yards this guy
comes up he goes hey man I saw this
spread you have it's pretty nice but do
you have any uh you have any vegan
options did you just say options yeah
I've got vegan options I've got two of
them eat that or go with the [ __ ] home
that guy's not good man my name is Ross
thank you very much
[Applause]
this next guys been all over Comedy
Central check out his website casual
mafia huh that's right Josh McKoon
everybody but everybody in this room
doesn't realize is that it's impossible
to stay thin as an Italian it really is
because everything in the kitchen is
edible it's like that Willy Wonka
chocolate room you know I'd come home
from school my mom be like you hungry
didn't know just take a bite of the
fridge it's made Tolia mozzarella cheese
oh you wanted a sandwich just shave off
the countertop that's hard Italian
salami just skidded oh you wanted some
some sauce for your pasta just turn on
the faucet that's real marinara coming
right out and then my four-foot-tall
grandparents come out going boom boom
but don't party dude I've got some more
spaghetti for you Oh bah Loompa du petit
II you're gonna need some Parmesan
cheese and then my mom comes out she
just caps it off she's dressing crushed
purple velvet just going there is no
place you know like your mom's your
mom's Italian kitchen take a bite and
you'll taste some chicken palm that's
really bitchin you guys have been
awesome thank you very much
[Applause]
I need stressful situations I hate using
a restroom at a Starbucks that's
stressful to me right because they're
like serving you like they're serving
you lacks it laxatives facing later and
they only have that one bathroom in
there it's always wanted out there for a
girl and a guy it's so stressful at me
because I'll be in the bathroom handling
my business I'm gonna keep this joke
clean by the way obviously and I hang on
by the way when I'm on the toilet my
feet touch the ground I just want you
guys does it think I'm doing my Pilates
oh my phone
but I'll be seeing their element there's
a song walks up and in a read it says
occupied do not answer what do they do
they read that they ignore it and they
knock on the door
[Music]
by the way when I get scared my voice
gets high right because they knocked on
the door but one of the histories anyone
ever knocked on the door of Starbucks is
someone opening out something
the students of our campus
obviously know this someone knocks on
the door and then they try to open the
door that's when I started getting
really scared cuz they don't try to open
up like huh
they don't do that they do it it's a
[ __ ] horror movie that person really
needs to use the restroom
come on she had a knife come underneath
the ground because this is the most
vulnerable position you can be played
you got my pants around my ankles I
can't do anything like a changing like
and this is what happened to me this is
this is what happened since I was at the
balcony and I could hear everyone
talking I can hear the line for me I was
trying my best to hurry
I could hear the line for hours I sold
in there on the door the Mickey Mouse is
in there
and I kept screaming like don't come in
and then the worst thing happened is
happening I was so bad this still gets
me mad to this day
[Applause]
that guy ignored me [ __ ] the door let's
see what's in it
there's a lot there's a line of people
all watching me on the toilet this is
what I learn I deal with in this
situation come up the most important
part of the body
you know where it is to walk outside
those people like a walk of shame
oh this is uh this is fun fact that one
of you guys noticed or not but uh
Houston Texas they named Taco Bell the
number one authentic Mexican restaurant
isn't a [ __ ] insult for anything
that's ridiculous I don't ever remember
going like yeah well I could you make me
a kiss of Luba did you make me a Doritos
Crunchwrap you do you put it in a box of
a Mountain Dew
I also like to talk of those bottles lit
bus I hate that no one ever talked about
was like ordering food going real living
or like if you talk about everyday you
don't live mas right
you live menos right should be like
diarrhea mastermind
hey guys my name is Rob Buchert let me
sell out to you
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm gonna credit my food let's uh let's
talk about the elephant in the room
I am handsome as [ __ ] let's just call a
spade a goddamn spade however I'm not
sexy and that's what's been [ __ ] up
my confidence my whole life okay it is a
complete different energy how women
treat you when you were sexy compared to
when you handsome when you sexy woman
will interrupt your entire day to tell
you how sexy you are no matter where you
are if you are grieving somebody at a
funeral and a woman sees you surprised
you about to find out how you look to
her scuse me
uh I saw you on the other side of the
casket and I said to myself [ __ ] you are
sexy than a [ __ ] my name Lisa so
sorry for your loss if you ever do the
shoulder to cry on take my car you don't
get that with your handsome when you
handsome you got to give a compliment to
get a compliment you got to look at
woman hell thank you very beautiful
she's like looking for some nice [ __ ] to
say huh I think you're very handsome
[ __ ] with the other girl say it I think
you handsome just a pitty finger right
here is her trying our hardest to find
some nice shape it's like what other
[ __ ] say don't worry about them I
think handsome just mean you ain't ugly
as what handsome me answer me you just
made that goddamn cut from being hideous
than a [ __ ] first time you heard
this from your mommy Yahtzee with you
some flute oh boy look at my handsome
nephew now you going to school believe
in the hype China I'll let the pretty
girl she let you go how you really stand
ain't Tiffany can I take you out oh
what's so good about you boy
I want to be sexy so [ __ ] bad you
know what it is I hate how sexy dudes
take compliments they always do this
fake humble thing with a squint they ass
you are so sexy thank you so much
I really appreciate that all blessings
do the guy guess it's him it's not me oh
the [ __ ] out of here in the [ __ ]
gonna be sexy man you don't get the same
love when you're handsome you just don't
get that [ __ ] like a lot of people just
don't realize how you get treated when
you just regular handsome compared to
being sexy man oh when you really sexy
women only be used words to describe you
that use sound effects my wife her
sister is dating his white boy six three
red hair red beard in great shape this
[ __ ] is gorgeous okay first time
we get a chance to meet him is on
Thanksgiving he comes in the house for
the first time soon as he walks in my
wife was like ooh who the [ __ ] is that
old for I've been with you eight years i
ne gotta watch ONC you over here who fit
mother
he caught me off guard he changing your
body temperature it's hot in this [ __ ]
he caught me off guard this divorce
buddy get your hands off her
this paper go smack you smooth in the
face
[Applause]
[Music]
crazy too many people on our phone a
terrible way to meet you don't need to
come there so because we're done we just
send out dick pics well I really like
you can have what I mean can have check
under your seat is probably the picture
I'm sorry I solicit it that's crazy
girls don't want them that way sometimes
they lost but not that one guy did you
ever have to ask yourself the question
does she want a picture of my penis
right now
dances [ __ ] know every time right
every time they're young girls in this
room with unread Facebook messages
because they know it's probably a
picture of imagery she saw the paper
clip she knows it's not a Word document
right maybe he tied me up a poll also
unsolicited poem way creepier so to make
sure visit if some dude sent you a poem
just as a Louise like send me your
thickness maybe Texas home on so Miss
Mary people other man who wasn't married
folk though Mary people she's married
he's not sure yeah
y'all know Mary X is a bucketful to
write how long have you been there
23 years can run over for 23 years
what's the secret silence apparently
stop talking like 15 years ago
23 years great best answer I have got to
what the secrets from a couple that been
married for 40 years long time the Jews
Amit's at DIA goes neither one of us
want custody of the kids
try with your kids tonight the 20 like
Pacific thing is like way too easy I
even know I'm talking about like it's 23
years ago you didn't take a Polaroid you
know man I'm in driving the post office
like then wait five to seven business
days if you understand I'm gonna mean
you go to Jordan alley like a gentleman
no I'm outta here
come when I sorta creaking [ __ ] wait
here's my girls s favorite issue if you
send me an ounce listen fixture of your
pants
I am medially group Texas to all of my
girlfriends you just not oh my god oh my
god that sounds like an extremely
efficient way for me to send it back so
you'll be my mailman oh my god I'll
Photoshop my face in the mission -
please go together you
I probably shouldn't open my mouth in
that picture that seems like a
[Music]
right here we go we googled a mere k
this is the first image that pops up
look at this handsome and Tamara and now
we're here at the pinche kimchi podcast
like in the flesh yep okay
PK what's up brother a man PK yeah how
you doing you look great man okay I'm
into you like in a suit this looks good
I come straight from work sucks we drive
a limo
Oh dope people find jobs a job like oh
like that like professional recruiters
yeah do you recruiting and then you
stand up a night I got three kids I know
about when we get them freaking dying
dude that's good W keep busy cheers
thanks for the beer that's for coming
through love you man amen I see I see
wait you just performed with some big
spots I saw in your social socials oh
yeah I did apologize if I'm eating on
all good theater right we did the
Kennedy Center DC right got some tasty
big one dude it's like a concert hall
with mozz
it's his show I was just featuring and
then Omid Singh was uh open the show was
great [ __ ] awesome dude 2400 people
sold out that's funny I ran into this
really hot huh pretty right yeah I throw
your name yep mas and it's always you
Maz Max and sure call you
oh no way but not just this time every
time I meet a hot asian girl okay cool I
never see a girl must be nice what so
what's up dude has life much good
student the chicken is hot I apologize
man is so rude I don't know it's better
because before we to do it without
that's why I bring beer no it's cool you
absolutely like awkward yeah yeah you
have something to do and uh they say
that at a party the best thing you do is
just put drinks in everybody's hand no
way
like well the volume of the room just
automatically goes it cuz when people
that's what a lot of people smoke sure
because they don't have to do their is
that true I think so yeah I know you
know like in class when I was a kid like
I would always I'm you know when like
the noise would spike up all of a sudden
you ever remember that I would try to
create that ago yeah and then you and
then you do that and then somebody else
whoever's talking will talk a little
louder in the nepo nick is loud and the
whole room just loses control from the
back of the room - like at Laugh Factory
yeah okay have you started laughing yes
totally contagious are we beginning
picked up on these mics epic it's pretty
sensitive is it okay so I'm like keep
leaning in but okay I want to go back so
here's here's a will go back to your
timeline year so we really get to know
you bright for me I remember I was in
k-town like I think it was like five six
years ago mhm and I have heard about you
about this guy I'm Mira que he's grown
up he's doing his thing and then you
walked into k-town at this one Beckham
do I remember that yeah I remember that
when we first I really met is like the
hooters of k-town all right he's like
hot why would the chicks or just cruise
around I don't know why I was there as a
married man but it's just happened to do
business meetings there I think you were
with that I was when Jake and
what's-his-name came over from Indonesia
right oh yeah yeah yeah yeah do you ever
do that I didn't know I was supposed to
and then the ship fell apart but so you
came through and then you know you're
cool you're mad cool talk to you and
then I didn't see you for a while and
then you know you have this kind of
persona aura is like you know cool no
cool cat whatever and then I saw you for
the first time you're a laugh factory
and you do support this one [ __ ] bit
that just made me love you man
because it's just I just you know
everybody has their own style right and
then you were like out of nowhere
I'm you improv really well a lot too but
things were like yeah I bet you there's
no one in the world right are you so
some way this billions of people know
there's no real doing this move right
now and you [ __ ] jumped up and did
like a a split kick it was yeah I love
that when someone has a memory of the
thing
yeah well that means like okay cool they
[ __ ] remembered me at least you know
whatever even if
fan or not a family-like audience member
you know it changed everything because
you're willing to just I like to take
risk well I just [ __ ] look funny
feeling he's totally different 24 I
thought cuz I thought you're coming Oh
like try to be cool dude I learn early
dude trying to be cool on stage is not
the look bro yeah it's like so dumb cuz
like we're all [ __ ] dork was that's
why I hate like so I've been coming here
after work for the past two months
mm-hmm in a suit and just literally like
right after work I just you know Jimmy
white loves it though Jaime [ __ ] it
loves it dude oh I see what he's seeking
no because you've been hosting the 8th
for a long I've been hosting the 8th
that's dope that's a good spot a long
time you're good at it dude you like get
the room going I've been on the show
before thanks I've been rebuked so I've
been taking up the energy you see
tonight oh no I just don't like the
whole like hey guys welcome but that's
so hard to host although you got to do
it you just got that right dude you're
the most crucial part of the show gotta
bring it and you know in Canada they
have like the best guy hosting the show
like in Canada like on the show like
they always have the best cuz it's
[ __ ] is so important and some clubs
still do you know yeah because it drives
the show if the host isn't good and dude
there's some like you know and them
usually they'll put like an
inexperienced comic as a host somewhere
else so they need to have here they
don't like they always have season and
ask Fraser they'll have you they have
like always great hosts the coffee shop
host or the cafe host is the one that
always says you name first and then yeah
yeah when they go we got PK coming out
and then now you know this guy and then
they forget okay yeah I don't give a
[ __ ] you might say my name last yeah
yeah yeah but uh so I've been noticing
even here when you come out like this
immediately guys in the audience are
like you know it's I guess it's like
with a female comedian it's dressed down
yeah because they don't because we all
typically not that I do what I love
whatever the [ __ ] I want to wear yeah
yeah I think if I do a corporate Greek I
might dress up yes you know you know
they're paying me whatever I might
laying out the sweater and homeless guy
no wear a hat maybe you know and then
it's all but dude that perception that
for 30 seconds when they first see you
if they don't know you you know they
make up a they make up their decision
about you right away right away oh this
guy [ __ ] thinks what does he think he
is like one of those throwback guy you
know so I mean and then you got to just
be funny and prove to them like dude I'm
funny with it with the [ __ ] Polo on
or and goddamn cardigan or [ __ ] a
parka I give it a funny so that you know
but I do
I realize even every little word matters
cuz I remember one time I went out like
this because it's you know I know I'm
good thanks bro I just say go to the
counter right down the street
oh nice I'm such a [ __ ] late dude I
have a on my counters great the burger
buddies look at that wallet dude I got I
have a counter membership card Oh dope
how many people have this and it's
[ __ ] looks like it's weathered bro
how many burgers until you get a free
one I'll give you five bucks come on
guys those are the jokes so uh yeah man
same [ __ ] did you go there today Tonner
mmm I just went there right before I
thought you're at taco love I was gonna
go talk to love and then when you said
that please it's good seven says 640
files like no tone you know time yeah
yeah I got time wait so rewind for
people who don't know you
yep let's start from the very beginning
you know everybody's been on here like
what do you want to know there's Tommy
like we I was born in Iran came here
when I was like in 86 I was five or four
okay so between when when when you're in
Iran is do you hear stories of like
Beverly Hills no I mean I was so she
took over Beverly where did that happen
because of the Revolution you know like
there was a revolution there and [ __ ]
everything up what my family wouldn't
come if there wasn't a rebel how do you
limit when there was a revolution I was
probably was well haven't seventy nine
ish right like that's when all the [ __ ]
kind of went down and they or they
kicked the Shah out when the show you
know was an ally of the United States
and when the new regime took over that
[ __ ] everything out so all the Jews
came here because it was an Islamic
regime that took over
so the Persian Jews that had their
wealthy Persian Jews came here with
their money and they happened to move
here in Beverly Hills and you know this
area and they started buying buildings
and she like that with their money and
invest and now that's why you know
typically you'd say oh why are all
Persians rich and it's not that's not
necessarily the case but we're exposed
to you know really affluent Persian
people or Iranian people here because
the area we live in you know but okay
I'm very interested in this so yeah so
the Persians that came over in that era
would you say though that they were the
wealthy ones are you I don't know
necessary cuz I'm sure there was wealthy
Persians Iranians that stayed yeah in
Iran but it was the Jewish in particular
and you know and after affluent Jewish
Iranians that took their wealth and came
here because that Islamic regime was not
going to be so nice to them you know
politically or religiously millions I
don't know exactly man I don't want to
like try to come here I think I don't
wanna sound like an idiot but you know I
don't know exactly but I do know cuz
like my family is Muslim I don't
practice religion and I'm not really
religious guy but yeah I mean you know
my family is so we stayed a little
longer and like my family in Iran is
they would consider themselves Muslim
like most of the nation but you know I
grew up without like my dad doesn't
believe in religion really and my mom is
she'll just go you know to whatever so
when there was one day when you're like
I'm not gonna participate it wasn't one
day it was just like over my life I just
decided and I went to like different
things you know I went to like Christian
you know because there is a release time
where you just all the kids would go so
I just signed I didn't know it was you
just sign up and you go where'd you go
in Orange County
oh really so I grew up with lot of
Mexicans I black people in inland you
know not like every time I see orange
Oni people think not not ie oh but
Orange County still goes inland - what
city like see Orange
oh so anyway so you know Orange
it's nothing glamorous [ __ ] by the
beach you know it's like kind of inland
a little bit and all about the block the
block it off the block did so many half
sightings in Chicago yeah yeah it's like
a hoodie little area yeah yeah we saw
make out at the block
the block is closed with a skate park
there all yeah yeah so you're a skater
mmm skating all right off mm-hmm see
good grew up in orange mm-hmm and then
went to UCLA or it went to you know grew
up in Orange moved to like you know went
to high school there and then moved in
with my cousin's to in like this place
in Newport like my older cousins and I
kind of like they're like my brothers
now I love these guys and I [ __ ] had
so much fun like 17 to like 20 20 or
something like that and then I finished
JC I got my [ __ ] together those [ __ ]
up and then I got my [ __ ] together went
to UCLA nice Congrats and then graduated
from there went back to OC started a
real estate company history and poli-sci
nice and then and then years later when
the market tanked I was like [ __ ] it I
want to live my dream and I started
stand-up that's the shorts like oh wait
hey oh seven yeah 0:07 the market [ __ ]
me and I'd lost everything
oh wait it was like trying to deal with
it oh nine I moved to LA and I was like
let me start and I started a Nona you
moved up to the Hollywood or where'd you
go I'm moving my girlfriend at the time
right across the street you
7950 west sunset well it was a nice
building like the newest building at the
time and we lived there and my
girlfriend's mom at the time was like
taking care of it was crazy and I was
like which she got a job up here so her
mom got her this apartment I was like
holy [ __ ] outfit and go up there and I
rented out my condo and then I just
would see the laughs after every day I
would see it every day I gotta go I
would jog I would be jogging I'd see the
[ __ ] sign and I was like dude you got
to get to that place that's amazing dude
it's incredible I would see it a Marty
hop of the building I'd look across yeah
but it's so surreal to be like forming
the first time here and like what this
place meant to me because I'd been here
before when I was in college just
checking it out just to see calm I guess
all like you know Freddy Soto and all
these [ __ ] great honest who piece
yeah
regarde Dean when he was like [ __ ] off
the hottest [ __ ] out like Dana I saw him
here it was like girls gone wild ER and
dude it was insane he was so [ __ ]
funny - I mean I like yeah give the guy
credit
[ __ ] he was very like energetic in
town harmful if swallowed that album was
did I the people were going nuts here it
was like
this was the hot spot I remember when I
was in school 104 or 5 or whatever it
was in the store yeah it was [ __ ] the
laughter laugh factor because it was the
best actually more pop damn [ __ ] left
and I remember just you know as guys my
whole [ __ ] I recognized that guy I was
when I first started started hosting
here yeah I saw everybody here I at that
time like really funny [ __ ] guys you
know we said you go to the open mic here
how did you know I didn't go to open mic
I did a couple open mics I was 18 and
then I didn't do it dude i cuz my dad
was so I've told his story so many
[ __ ] times think it's like kind of
boring for me to tell but I'll tell it
to you I did a couple of mics when I was
18 I was hooked on it but I was like
trying to tell my dad like oh I'm gonna
do they say what the [ __ ] are you doing
you know like you totally get your [ __ ]
together go to school so I did and I
kind of just like put it on the back
burner for like [ __ ] eight years
seven years or whatever went to school I
UCLA I met max Amini we went to school
at the same time through a friend yeah
yeah and he at that time I was like
trying to I was trying to do anything
I'd like to take theater classes and
[ __ ] just anything to be performing so
any elective I had I would go do it in
the theater department whether it was
scene study or some [ __ ] like that so I
just wanted to be like around that and
then I joined an improv group like I got
on this college troop like it was called
the ultimate improv right there on gayly
right buddy in and out in Westwood and I
did that and without telling my dad I
would just do that and I was like cool
what I do like shows and whatever he
didn't know I was in [ __ ] college you
know and then graduated and then I just
was like [ __ ] I just kind of put that in
the back of my head I was like oh I'll
go to it I'll do it but let me just make
some money first ya know cuz like money
was the thing I was like let me just I
had no money and then I did the real
estate thing made some money and then
when it [ __ ] slapped me in the face
and I should end it quick I was like all
right it's no no more excuses let me go
do what I was supposed to do oh wow yeah
now you're here Pete came I'm it was the
first inspirations comedy comedy dude I
love Jim Carrey was [ __ ] one of my
biggest inspirations I met him at the
store was so cool to meet him it's crazy
I'm and then hear his stories we're
gonna say story dude I just like well
and he was at the comic store and you
know in his heyday that was the spot you
know yeah and and he was like just
telling us
there's like ten comics gathered around
him and he was just [ __ ] talk for like
45 minutes
in green room no just in the parking lot
like about like did I stayin out right
there if I can do this do that and it
was a surreal just dope dude I was like
wow who were just Austin there with our
mouths up listening to these stories
about Jim Carrey was telling us that
like I'm like [ __ ] I hang out in that
same hallway you know like all night
[ __ ] every night that's where we're
at you know
yeah and it was just cool to hear
somebody like that and like the level
that he's gone what what era was that
when he came through cuz I believe he
was like old to make it big movies right
oh this was dude this was just recently
maybe like oh two years ago okay
we're like even like I saw like [ __ ]
big name you know bigger comics in there
[ __ ] listening like holy [ __ ] you
know yeah he's always been one of my
favorites man when I saw Truman [ __ ]
he's such a good actor good actor he's
deep he's had a rough childhood I love
that dude only thing though is my wife
does not like it man she's always like
yeah I guess you know she loves like
researching you know I guess he was with
a girl you come in food that his
ex-girlfriend
no ok good good why are you probably
know that story better than me but she
always reminds me that he was he was
with a girl but once he blew up she
broke up with her and he married someone
else
that girl from Dumb and Dumber maybe
maybe lolly I don't know he's always
like are you gonna do that I'm like
[ __ ] such a chick perspective of the
thing yeah but it's like it's like dude
can you deny the [ __ ] guy's talent I
mean forget about that first I guess but
like value pair detective are you made
like oh and then a lot of black comics I
love like Martin and you know Eddie
Murphy obviously Pryor or [ __ ] yeah yeah
those guys but early on even like for
comedic acting type [ __ ] like dude Chris
Farley like [ __ ] come on dude of
course I just loved anything funny you
know yeah yeah but definitely identified
more with like those character e type of
dudes like Martin and [ __ ] like Eddie
Murphy that like jumps into a character
and like does you know what I mean that
like style of performance style yeah
yeah not just standing behind the mic
and [ __ ] standing there and yeah like
San Francisco they're kind of known for
that and they cuz they kind of looked
down like too much energy and if you
move around and stuff I think I I don't
mind both styles if you're good at one
you're good
as long as you're true deer so you're
good shits about making people laugh
yeah so I mean a lot of that comes from
pain too you know sure like chris farley
people who could say he's just physical
comic but he had a lot of pending issues
with his way with identity he's pretty
putting himself out there so other
people can laugh right it's like people
don't realize that so like Lenny when
people say like oh you know okay moves
around too much [ __ ] you you like we
talk about you're funny you say that
fine but are you're not funny or sick
[ __ ] you do this and it's like also if
you're standing I mean not that like
some some you can watch some guys like
that let's just stand there and are
[ __ ] amazing writers and I and I
think that's amazing that's a great
attribute to to be able to write such a
good joke that you don't need a [ __ ]
move you know I might get away with some
[ __ ] just could I do a funny movement
and that's funny to some people but
that's comedy is what is funny yeah you
know and if I can hit your senses all of
them at once you're [ __ ] hearing
you're a visual yeah you know like
whatever like I think that's cool
I think Neal Brennan was telling me one
time he said hey you should really move
around more he told me that and then
Neal wasn't a guy that made runs like he
goes all I did was in the beginning
adding walking around like that's all
Chris Rock does just walks back and
forth because it keeps the eyes it is
visually entertaining I mean it's like
why the [ __ ] wouldn't I just listened to
your CD dude why am I at this live ass
show that I paid money to come watch a
[ __ ] in front of a mic to me
exactly so I'd like treated like a like
a performance I want to perform this is
a [ __ ] performance art to me so why
not get into my [ __ ] and do my sting
like the way I want like have it be like
we're like [ __ ] was he gonna do next
yeah yeah you know yeah that's why I
felt mixed emotions when I don't if he
saw the wrong time ago Anthony Jeselnik
it's like this video where he's at like
this outdoor spot and he probably didn't
know is gonna go viral but he was
talking [ __ ] on Dane oh well he did this
joke over acted like he was doing game
and he goes this is Dane doing a joke
and he like axel acts it all out of
course Anthony goes next funny as hell
but it's the thing is ya talking [ __ ]
about somebody else that's [ __ ] doing
it it's just I don't yeah they just seem
like such a huge backlash you know
anyways well do nowadays I get people
tabe you and like you know I'll comics
all talk [ __ ] don't give a [ __ ] who you
are that you on tax groups and this down
gives a [ __ ] we just joke around but
it's like a you know you make funny room
and they make fun of me and yeah but as
long as you stay focused and you're
doing what you do
yeah and you don't need a [ __ ] worry
about well if your opinion of me is none
of my business that's like that old
saying or whatever the [ __ ] it is like
why do I care what you think of me man
if I can sleep at night I can sleep at
night if I love doing what I do I'm
gonna do it that's the hardest part for
me because growing up when you're I'm a
preacher's kid
my dad had a big church like 3,000
people so you're always like you know my
mom's like oh what is this person gonna
say about a dude that's Iranian culture
its shame it's a shame it's all dude you
you don't bring shame to the fan buddy
we have an expression it's called
schedule at big cash or like you know
don't aren't you [ __ ] embarrassed
it's like dude what are you doing like
take some shame like what did the [ __ ]
you know like don't that's why when I
was touring with Maz for the first
couple years it's like getting over that
that idea of like what looking at all my
my parents in the a billion of my
parents in the audience you rate when
you perform at what percentage is
Persian I mean it's gotten less and less
over the years but it's like in the
beginning it was it was it was bigger I
was like 60% oh but then also other
Middle Eastern people love them you know
it's like kind of like you know yeah
yeah yeah and it's like Middle East me
and then he does a lot of NPR stuff so a
lot of white people are coming now yeah
and did that tell you he's funny I mean
if you watch him he's funny across is
the [ __ ] nicest dude in the world
dude that guy helped me so much it's
putting me in front of all these
different audiences that I wouldn't
normally be in front of you know yeah
even that and then winning over like the
younger like Iranian Americans and
Middle Eastern Americans that relate to
my to my life you know like they grew up
here so you know I'm saying yeah yeah
and I'm a little bit made me a little I
don't want to say [ __ ] edgy but like
I might do some [ __ ] that you know that
you know Maz wouldn't write that's not
his style you know yeah I think our
Styles work well together because he's
one extreme and I'm the other how many
people were out there the show that one
was twenty four hundred people which is
that's probably the biggest one I've
done with him I feel so good you know
it's good once in a while but it just
feels so open for Philippe it was like
at Irvine yeah every show is 500 [ __ ]
yeah so they you know by that
like twenty twenty-five hundred that's
incredibly and then fire on of that many
people and it's loud yep and it's like
you know I missed a hosting bullet when
I'm doing 15-20 minutes right before I'm
like just feel so good like this is
right to get to those shows you know so
like those are you know well deserved
when you get them so Felipe's is like
ninety eighty ninety percent Latino and
sure that's one thing that I realize I
shouldn't like really cuz I was going
through this like you know a lot of
agent could means like no you gotta like
weed over the white audience if you do
because it's not the win over the whites
went over everyone anyway that likes
comedy you should be that should be a
[ __ ] fan years yeah but I think for
asian-americans like there isn't it is
there a big agent like American comedian
other than like you know the boss market
market show market oh sure sure sure she
else has you know huge gay following
just people just she says huge following
yeah right and then uh Bobby doesn't
really so in terms of like it's funny
because Henry Cho in the in the South
yeah Tennessee if you see a special it's
two thousand white people know we open
the South Sea and then you know like the
Kim's because Asian I don't think like
it's like just like Middle Eastern
people it's not in our cultures you know
what comedy is a finality know yeah and
that [ __ ] that first of all that art
form is not again Iran what the [ __ ]
you're telling you what are you doing so
they don't have sanity no no no I mean
not you know not maybe now it's starting
I had a Mariel if you even if you try to
do it it's so controlled it's controlled
and it's also yeah you got to watch what
you say it's not very openly you know
free [ __ ] freedom of speech type [ __ ]
where you just say whatever you want
even like doing comedy in the Middle
East like Dubai or you know Qatar or
some [ __ ] like hey watch you know you
got a sister like sorry and there's big
acts that don't go like Chris Rock I
heard I don't know who's true or not he
won't put a Dubai I don't care what the
money is because like they won't let him
say whatever like they wanted to censor
him at some point I heard this story I
could be wrong
but I felt that way even going there cuz
I felt like I was tiptoeing on some sort
of [ __ ] line that I form over there
yeah did he give you rules they did
they're like well and also I was my
first time there the very first time I
went there I didn't want to like [ __ ] up
the promoters thing you know it's like
poor guys livelihood I'm not gonna
go there just because I want to be
[ __ ] a superhero and it's my first
time there am I gonna go Mick [ __ ] this
[ __ ] that you know it is Singapore to
give me rules and it's not cool about
the same way I'm like ice mentioned it I
go up and I said you know they told me
that [ __ ] yeah I didn't want to make it
a make it a see my goai you know they
told me I just don't like I like to
paint with all the colors if you tell me
I can't use blue my paintings not gonna
be that cool yeah and then I think they
understood what the [ __ ]
I was talking about oh cool and they
wanted me to get dirty and raw or
whatever it's not dirty but like you
know cut loose but you feel a little
shackled when you're you're trying to
you know do some [ __ ] and some confines
of like the room you're in and there's
the [ __ ] Secret Service is standing
right there and you don't know if
they're gonna shut the show down or like
go [ __ ] cut the promoters arm off yes
it shows how powerful stand-up comedy is
and why America is the leader like you
sure because you're just even though
there's it's not 100% free it's like you
know I mean it's just the PC you can say
whatever you want yeah there's gonna be
repercussions yeah hey it's Sarah bleep
you you might not play a fun club again
because you said some crazy [ __ ]
yeah in terms of that but in terms of
it's probably the most free speech sure
in the world absolutely yeah like in
terms of what you're allowed to say
mm-hmm so you know dude nah you're
talking about the paintbrush did Maz
ever tell you this one illustration you
said there's never a wasted set because
every time you go onstage you work down
him he says a brick you take a break off
he says there's wait what they told me
was is right here he goes yeah it's like
you're throwing paint on a canvas and
you know it just looks like splatter
right but you know every year your
commie you'd be back up from the canvas
you Mormon you see there's so many
analogies holy said I was like that
stuff and then they made you hold a hot
[ __ ] rock for 30 minutes you got a
hold it like that like there's so many
analogies and sure like that dude you
know I mean that's one and I was talking
about I don't know if we were talking
about this in a green room or some [ __ ]
Maz and I but like how like the yeah
those years you have like you start
commenting there's a huge brick wall in
front of you you know how there's
usually one behind you but there's one
[ __ ] in front of you - because you're
performing like this guy that you're not
and then slowly every set you do you
take a brick off that [ __ ] long fall
and you keep taking it and you keep
taking until it's just [ __ ] you and
that's it
just you and Andy right there you see
that one comics that was it right there
but that that's true there's so many
analogies like comedy in that and as far
as the first years of getting
comfortable onstage should be yourself
that is so true that's I remember even
though um you know I'm mad that Joe
Chloe told me you told me I'd take me
with you but you still have it I said I
with it right but then the one thing I
do I know if Jill watches he's caring
T's not gonna watch this do watch says
joking I wasn't only for that I watching
it but I remember you know I sang with
Joel I but cool I'm never gonna forget
is he as he was blowing up he took me to
this one audition and he was about to
get a pilot for a show mm-hmm and so
like you know I did like whatever I
could I only had like a few characters I
did whatever right and I sucked ass and
then the lady who was really nice about
she could have been a [ __ ] I've seen
Hollywood types no she seemed like this
Jewish lady and she was just like you
know what I'm never forget she goes she
looks great on me she goes maybe you
need to come back like when you know who
you are
damn oh yeah so that was like and it
Mitchell I was like I went I was like
[ __ ] damn like what the hell I just came
here to do some jokes and characters but
it always stuck with me
oh dude oh thank you and I walked out
and it stung in it I never never forget
it because she she sees so many people
do they don't have a time and it's not
that they're being like that and you see
like a lot of people and I've been in a
lot of those rooms - yeah [ __ ]
looking up from their phone but they're
busy doing [ __ ] you know and it's like
they don't know who we are yet you know
or like you went in that room she who
the [ __ ] is this guy but then you got to
blow their pants off you got to make
them go oh look up from their phone and
yeah this is the guy and maybe at that
time you weren't ready which I wasn't
lying to you and I was over the worst
thing you could do is like encourage
like some [ __ ] you know like
encourage mediocrity or encourage you
know it's not like [ __ ] this isn't
this is life do this ain't this ain't no
Fairplay [ __ ] like where oh that was
even though some of my casting directors
like you leave though but that was great
okay when you know you [ __ ] ate a
dick yeah yeah but uh yeah those moments
stick with you for what I also remember
is because she said it in a
a cool way because I had someone else in
front of me and it was a judge for Last
Comic Standing I'll just keep her
nameless and she's pitch
I'm like if I did it and then you know
one of the one of the judges who passed
away rest in peace love him forever
he was like man you got potential and
another girl goes oh this was Last Comic
Standing yeah this is a oh I know who it
is she goes Natasha Leggero yeah really
- great job
oh wow and I go because I had hosted and
brought her up but I think that they in
their defense I think that they were I
mean she was I don't I don't personally
know them and I think maybe they told
him that you know like you got to be
this you got it yeah it's heart or get
them to be upset I don't know [ __ ] I
don't know of course or maybe they were
like dude you got to do this so they
they you know react so we get a reaction
of them like and then you know they
would make those tapes of people [ __ ]
eating it totally and so maybe that was
it so don't I wouldn't think of that I
know it was whatever but I was so
[ __ ] dumb I think I waited in line it
was like I was like six months in comedy
and I was like comedy to the UAD waited
in line for like five more me Jerrod was
in that line Gerardo way yes yeah and
then he hollowed you late and Tony Baker
and all and I remember us all you guys
didn't get a so we all I think we did
some of us got Rita gave us I came and
grabbed us out of the line cuz she knew
we were just the guys that would do the
mics and [ __ ] and Rita from The Improv
would come in back okay you can go and I
remember she got me and Tony I think the
last to be get in and it was the war it
was the worst experience like you said
like Benny give a [ __ ] yeah yeah and I
was just pissed at Long Beach laughs
like I had brought up and Tosh of
multiple times that we had like you know
he's like talk I didn't even know I was
so green that I didn't know anybody
nobody else because you know then you go
home you're like no you know you put so
much hope and then you don't want to
think that you know it's sick okay
that's cool and then you watch the show
and you're like well how does a lot of
people that just start it around
I just did it for no reason you know
like a rock dude I mean I don't even
want to get into that but it's like I
don't know man if I had to do it again I
you know that type of thing isn't you
know yeah yeah it's just to get more
exposure it's not it's just like yeah
for right now I mean you know and it
helps you get faster - but I've totally
learned like yeah I've done those now
it's like that's the idea early in my
career I'm still new in this game and in
the big picture I'm brand new dude
seven yeah seven years ain't [ __ ] right
now you're killing it - so not even I'm
killing it so yeah I got work to do
another seven years of being in seven
years
oh think there's a lot of people there
done I mean dude they start done is this
a saint like then it's not that type of
game yeah you can be in here for 30
years you never know what the [ __ ]
gonna happen I'm like I'm happy and
fortunate but I'm still moving to get to
the next level you know what I'm always
appreciative of like it's the laugh
factor YouTube channel man yeah people
underestimate that dude no it's good
there's bits on there that people yell
out because they're it's got the videos
got a lot of yours now you know Larry
this [ __ ] that like Tony Rock did just a
story the widest thing ever did I would
rather do [ __ ] that I've never done
before and some of that like I don't
ever do the Time Warner thing you know
working it out for a week and I'm like
[ __ ] this like wow I wanted to Tony I
was like hey you know that your things
at 1.2 million views and he didn't know
he was at what yeah he's out you see I'm
like yeah this is it too busy I got a
couple of them I think about it back in
the day if you had a Comedy Central
special that a million people saw yeah
it's pretty damn good sure so that's how
crazy YouTube is is like dude it's
better than column TV I'd say like when
if you do something and it goes super
viral like people will [ __ ] see that
more so than if you did The Tonight Show
now Jimmy Kimmel young people - sure and
yeah I mean late-night talk shows used
to change your life but now it's not
still do it no one sees it when I got
this fun Comedy Central thing coming out
I don't know you only see it if you
didn't get that clip yeah then you got
to get that clip and make it a [ __ ]
meme on it like when this happens to you
just do yeah it's [ __ ] up but you
gotta adapt I guess I don't know I just
want to be funny man and just go ahead
and [ __ ] be funny I don't care about
so do you do you I had this talk with a
bunch of different comedians like some
communities right physik like physics is
to some please the type yeah but you out
of you so you don't write you don't know
I don't know I mean I do like a premise
I'll be like alright I like this or I'll
I'll be riffing with my friends and I
is a funny joke I might take that to the
stage I'll take this to the stage and
then I'll take the stage and work it out
or if an experience that I had I like
just remembering okay I did this I went
to this place and this should happen let
me try to talk about me say work it out
though
like not Friday night at the Laugh
Factory though no III don't I mean I
know my I don't I know if Jamie watch
you'd probably what the [ __ ] buddy you
know but like if you're funny I think it
just comes out anyway I can tell a story
you know be funny you know eventually
yeah it might not be the most [ __ ]
sharp and honed bit but it will be fun
definitely think you're way better at
telling stories than I do because if I
if I just want to tell the story and you
wouldn't know what you know and that's
the thing if you're also not I mean I'm
not saying you're not uncomfortable but
early on I was uncomfortable in the
silence sometimes so it would take it
would be hard for me to just take
someone to the stage because I'd be
definitely horrified of like no-one's
laughing you all right and I would just
come on look at me like me like really
quickly and I would compensate by like
doing some crazy thing or like a
movement or like crazy voice you know
and and you could I learned that early
on and then I was like [ __ ] that I want
to be just good and then when I started
to get comfortable I was like me at a
party with my friends telling a story
which I would do since I was [ __ ] 10
you know what I mean I'd be just telling
funny [ __ ] to my family or friends or
whatever it's not easy though but then
nobody I heard stories but then are you
a stand-up comedian so a lot of people
are good at telling stories just
sometimes it doesn't translate ya know
they don't know how to make it funny
they think it's like you just had a you
know in the corner of a room it's a
whole different atmosphere well there's
a lot more expected of you you know when
you're on a [ __ ] stage with a brick
wall behind you the store there's timing
you know there's there's timing and I
think over the years I think in Steve
Martin's book uh uh you know born
standing up or whatever I wrote here
yeah you think there's like some passage
and there worries like dude you'll learn
everything you learn in your life
growing up as a kid you're gonna apply
when you become a stand-up and Seinfeld
said every bit that you write if you
ever if you have a show eventually
you're gonna use it'll work every thing
everything but it's all like a path but
I just I admire you guys that don't I
have to
to type it out yeah and that's not bad
right here's there's different styles
but I like for me I like it too just to
be looser you know what I mean than just
because if I if I write it out
specifically word-for-word and early on
I used to like word-for-word I would go
up and just stay within that [ __ ] the
confines of that bit that I wrote yeah
and it wouldn't grow or get anywhere
else you know and I would rarely take a
risk to do it any different now when I
just take the promise and I go all right
let me let me try it this way
so I know where they're tiny speaking a
little bit yeah I know are I don't tweak
it or maybe sometimes I'll do it it's
worse than the last time I did it but I
tried something new and then I'll tweak
the Biddle's I love Stan man you can
just lost because sine feels like every
word matters so once he gets it to a
certain point he's so but he's so
meticulous in tones and it's like a
sculpture
daliyah I remember asking Dane long time
ago right outside I got do you write it
he goes nah he's like I just go and I
just keep going up honestly but it's
like that's when you can tell like a
funny person dude to me like just like
you know we're like in a text he's
[ __ ] funny you know it's like you can
tell when somebody's funny and when
they're just like just they have to yeah
they have to end there's some guys that
are super cerebral that like if they
write their [ __ ] hilarious but you
sit down with them and it's like what
the [ __ ] is this guy
why is he do comedy yeah yeah but you
can't knock it it's like we're all
different
yeah there's different styles sometimes
yeah I mean I admire that [ __ ] I like if
I could sit down and write a whole
[ __ ] hour or just sit down Ike if I
wanted to I think I could I don't know
if it'd be as good as some of these
prolific writers well I'm wondering if
see like for example like Greg
Fitzsimmons right she's like really deep
thoughts I just wonder I want to ask him
like if you literally physically I'm
sure I'm sure it's some rights it I was
like I don't know some guys bullet point
to shoot out of stuff like I do like all
in my phone if you go look at my phone
it looks like [ __ ] like like
someplace memos I used to yeah there's a
couple voicemail but more so I'll do
like the bullet points of the bit like
yeah yeah this happens and then this and
then that and then I have like I have I
don't know how many [ __ ] new jokes no
notes I have in my iPhone you have new
jokes I'll do that and there's I got
thousand me too I guess yeah sometimes I
don't work on them and our and then I
sometimes will add something sometimes
I'll forget a bit for like [ __ ] a
year Vic oh [ __ ] I used to do that yeah
and I bring it back and it's different
or I get excited about it again or
something we said you have a like you're
working on Howard right now it's like I
have the I if I wanted to in my few
colleges sir I don't I stay away from
Coolio I don't I don't like to do
colleges I used to do a lot of like
Asian culture no dessert I get a lot of
pressure but I used to get a lot of that
especially with the mouth stuff because
if they couldn't afford Maz and get me
and then it's still good money but it's
good money but I'm not in this for money
yeah yeah to be [ __ ] great and I know
it sounds cheesy but no that's a true
for sure because you guys survive you
got to survive and I think if you're if
you [ __ ] just take the leap of faith
and go I'm gonna work without a net and
like just there's so many guys all right
well I don't want to leave my job it's
like I left my [ __ ] dude everything
won't have kids
and I said don't have don't have kids
you can yeah you can do all sorts of
stuff make excuses or what I mean I like
everything could be a factor that you
know and if you don't take the risk to
jump in and just go [ __ ] it I'm gonna do
it and it you'll find a way shoot you'll
find a way to land on your feet like
with guys that just stopped working and
then I [ __ ] was like dude I have no
way to make money so I started a show
I've started my own [ __ ] show Mike
I'll go sell tickets on Hollywood
Boulevard until I make enough money to
[ __ ] pay my rent and I would stand
there for [ __ ] six eight hours dude
until I would get tween I'd give five
tickets for 20 bucks and then I've you
know I've told this story on thousands
of podcast II but it's like that's how I
made my rent money and then I would they
would give me a hundred percent of the
door you know I had the show at the
store and I was like yeah get all the
door but it was all tickets I bought so
I didn't make it bring her show wasn't
bring it was me getting all he buddy
club they would pay like two bucks free
ticket five bucks for a ticket you know
but it all added up and I'd make like a
thousand bucks on the show and that was
my rent you know for the month that guy
my rent was like 500 bucks or so my yeah
yeah and then a little bit to eat look
like [ __ ] you know it's like in New York
the Barkers yeah they would do it yeah
yeah dude they do it why the [ __ ] isn't
there anyone barking on Hollywood
Boulevard we have all these clubs here
you know why isn't there somebody going
out there and just like going like hey
dude come to a show and they're all
[ __ ] tourists I want to see
celebrities
yeah I go you're in Hollywood go to the
[ __ ] comic store and I would do my
show on Sunday and that was when all the
comics were kicking at Bilborough would
be there [ __ ] you know anybody was in
the hallway
daliyah would always do it [ __ ] Bobby
would do it all the time
you know Steve burn everyone dude I met
and all of those guys that's how I met
them all yeah yeah you know Steve
Rannazzisi [ __ ] Simone all the guys
that used to kick it there yeah so I
just literally go in the hallway and get
my line up in the hallway
that's dope you know it's pretty crazy
in this game how like all these people
that you look up to and like if you just
keep putting yourself in there next
thing you know you're hanging out with
them there yeah
you're hanging out with them and then
you just you like next to them you know
like chillin with them the telling your
story is crazy it's amazing it's surreal
and real to me yeah when I'm just
sitting there and in a [ __ ] even up
here with like Dom already like and
you're sitting there and it's like Dom
[ __ ] Tosh or whoever if like
whoever's hanging out here even Dane and
like you know everyone I met Chris Rock
Dave Seville up here dude just sitting
right here and then you're like holy
[ __ ] I'll be at the Kali magic club and
I'll be sitting next to [ __ ] Ray
Romano and Paul Reiser's hang you know
and then Arsenio comes in and you're
like wow even though now it's like this
is my job and you're supposed to be here
but like you still have that partier
very inspirational yeah yeah but what
are your brain where he goes wow dude
like I'm in the right place for what I'm
doing like this is [ __ ] awesome true
you know and you look around you go [ __ ]
they're just and they look at you is
like not that you're appear whatever but
like they don't have at least decency to
respect you that you're a comedian that
you're [ __ ] doing the right thing
that you ended up at that place yeah
yeah so that's a good feeling
who do you put as the top to me bill
burns the top right now that's out there
I mean you just I mean obviously the
show pen dude there's so many nice thing
about Bill
he gives zero [ __ ] that's why I like my
and he doesn't give a [ __ ] and he's
never been the guy that's like oh I'll
just do this gig so it'll help me do it
he's been like the grass roots [ __ ]
still just a stand-up comic dude like
sanic or like he's a comedian dude the
guy's just and he hasn't been trying to
do shortcuts and [ __ ] get on this
show to be this to get this thing going
and of course like you know [ __ ] comes
to you as you go you know shows and this
is not true but dude he [ __ ] his
dough and I every time I watch him dude
I was like wow this guy's a monster
Philadelphia show man no but that guy I
mean you're a comic you knew the [ __ ]
ladies over that oh yeah of course
and then just watch them do that the
[ __ ] store and shed and they're going
one time he said something is like oh
that was a good set to me I was like
what the [ __ ] and I and I thought it was
a shitty set anyway and it was just
weird I'm like [ __ ] and I it was
bothered me so much that he saw me do
like a mediocre set that's funny you
know and then but he's so cool dude like
will talk to me you mean a green room
and like when you think like all this
guy doesn't give a [ __ ] who you are yeah
yeah so he's quite a super cool guy yeah
maybe not that we're best friends but
like he'll talk to me in a green room
which is [ __ ] that's enough for me
you know deal burden
how about Ross like who else is there
did you know there's so many great guys
I got us watching Chappelle still when
he comes into town how'd you watched
that last special that when he was
Palladium yeah dude you were there oh no
I didn't go to that no but I heard it
was amazing I know that it's coming he's
just he was people don't went they said
it was yeah he's like Marischal but like
how about the material and what's name
what's called well know Tony rock singer
but Jordan Oh George said not a material
he was insane good I mean yeah he's been
doing it all over but I mean just even
watching him when he would come the
store like even early on and do like
three hours but like you know I don't
watch it for a [ __ ] hour and a half
or some and then you just go wow dude
he's so talented and it's cool to just
have that ease and like that that
comfort ability and you know and that's
what I was trying to get to you know
that all yoked yeah you got so Jack do
you have anything coming up you could
plug I have I don't know when this comes
out but I got a couple weeks oh [ __ ] so
I guess my [ __ ] will have aired if not a
prett when t 8th I'm on Adam Devine's
house party on Comedy Central that's
coming up and then I has yeah this I
have a couple headlining dates but a
April 22nd but dude this is gonna air
after that right
I'm usually a couple couple weeks out
okay I got a whopping two thousand
viewers mm yeah Thank You Amir k thank u
PK for having me man sorry I was eating
for the first half of it but it was kind
of fun famous Laugh Factory
every Friday 8:00 p.m. if you if you're
watching this PK guest list at gmail you
can get in comped my friends have used
it [ __ ] ten times with different
girls different dates they bring
different girls each week
PJ gets this a gmail Amir K check them
out thanks brother thank you
okay good man there's no other option
your cell phone rings you don't
recognize the number what do you do
ignore it send a voicemail yeah not this
guy I answer it yeah exactly
opportunity potential who knows who
knows what it is the other day I was
driving down the 405 traffic phone rings
911 New York I'm like I don't know the
number
I hit talk I go hello guy on the other
line goes hey Bruce what's going on my
name is J not Bruce so clearly I go
nothing much man what's going on with
you and he goes I'll tell you what's
going on I just got an email about the
budget it's supposed to be 15,000 now
it's 10,000 I'd like to know what the
hell's going on and I grabbed the
steering wheels like all right [ __ ]
focus focus right now your name is Bruce
there's a budget it's 15,000 now it's
ten no one's happy about it just go with
it go with this I didn't know much I
only knew what he told me so I just set
it back and I go ten thousand it's
supposed to be fifteen thousand euros
yeah well I just got an email and now
it's ten and I go hey I don't know to
tell you man I'm on the road right now I
haven't even seen the email and he goes
are you behind this did you send it out
like get them Bruce some attitude you
know what I mean and I'm like no way I
am taking that there's no way and I go
listen bro the budget was fifteen
thousand we had a couple extra
expenditures and went up to 16 - I read
dick got it down to 14-7 we had 300 to
play with I called it 15 I sent it out
he goes yeah well now it's ted stay
focused stay focused
I'm not even enjoying it you know what I
mean I can't even laugh I have to stay
and like literally in it I was just in
it he goes did Larry okay this now he's
throwing Larry at me yeah so I go listen
I took it to Larry he said it look fine
but I news my ass on the line so I ran
up by Jennifer just in case she said it
looked good I sent it out he goes yeah
well no it's 10 and I was like this guy
has no idea what's going on over there
he hasn't talked to Larry he hasn't
talked to Jennifer I just made her up
clearly he is not spoken to Bruce he
goes listen man what are we gonna do
about this I go bro I'm on the road
right now I haven't even seen the email
why don't you call Larry check in with
him see what's going on give me a call
back literally like throwing the fishing
line out be like please say yes because
that phone call return is going to be
amazing and he goes he goes listen why
don't we wait till you get home you
check the email you call Larry you call
me back I go nah nah bro Larry knows way
more about this than I do give him a
call call me back he goes okay hangs up
the phone to which I explode with
euphoria because there's a small
business in New York somewhere that's
crumbling to the ground over $5,000 no
one can find Bruce no one's talked to
Larry and they don't know who the hell
Jennifer
I get home I'm so excited I call some
friends tell them what happened I think
to myself you know what I'm gonna save
that guy's number give a call in a
couple days check in touch base see
where we're at
save the number my phone under random
guy he's a random guy I don't think
about it a couple days past no big deal
laying on the couch watching the game
phone rings dining room table watching
the game get up pick up the phone look
down random guy and I think to myself
random guy
Oh monie random guy who the hell's
random guy and I was like oh now I'm
freaked out you know what I mean I'm in
my house they know where I'm at these
people's lives have been affected but
this is Who I am you know what I mean I
started this thing I'm gonna see it
through to the end that's how I saw this
put in my earbuds just get a little
distance just get some distance you
don't I mean I hit talk I go hello same
guy goes hey Larry what's going on now
he's calling me Larry he knows what's up
but I'm not gonna cave you know what I
mean and I go nothing much man what's
going on with you and he goes listen I
got us on conference call with Janelle
and Marie like I'm backing down from
Janelle and marimba so I go hey ladies
welcome to the call as if to say welcome
to the show here we go how long are we
gonna live for how long do you want me
to lie because I'm gonna go all the way
Marie she takes the lead she goes hey
Larry what time is it where you are and
I look at the clock and it's 5:30 and
they're a New York company so I go 838
they're like sprinkling more lies and
like I can fool them I can fool them she
goes really what's the weather like and
I go weather's nice weather is nice she
was really this doesn't sound like Larry
and I go oh yeah who's his sound like
and the guy who called both times he
chirps and he's like sounds like gross
that's my boy
like he's gonna blow this case wide open
and I go guys
this isn't Larry in this in this isn't
Bruce and she goes who is this and I was
like I'm just some dude who had nothing
better to do than to mess with you guys
Murray did not like that she got pissed
she started yelling me she's like we're
a small business trying oh my god I know
she's like you think this is a joke let
me ask you something do you let me ask
you something
and she goes what and I go we'll we had
with the budget
[Applause]
how many single people in here tonight
single people upside single yeah tired
beaten down bunch this time of the year
I know I know it's tough I got single
friends they tell me stories I don't
know how you do it I really don't man I
it's a freaking jungle out there right
just trying to find somebody nowadays
it's insane all the websites trying to
hook everybody up e harmony comm
match.com Adult Friend Finder Backstreet
bangers I see the websites okay there's
a lot of lonely people out there I want
to do a song for you guys this is your
song single people in here tonight
single people all over la Cinco people
all over the world tonight just looking
for one thing just looking for love
you're the one I always turn to you're a
friend but so much more I could call you
anytime at all and you'd open up your
door cuz you're my boo
you're my boob my little boob my booty
call hey no jitter in a movie I don't
take you home to mom
but between 2:00 and 4:00 a.m. man we
get along you're my boo
you're my boo boo because you're my boo
booty call my late night lover my
Belgica we're way home and it's time I
did a smile I just found a few and dial
you're my boo booty call
you're the apple of my eye hope I don't
get a DUI before my booty call that
would be good that would suck and you
cheaper than up
I believe you need car
god bless y'all hey Thank You Man
hey there's a guitar here shall we jam
out a little bit guys I always wanted to
be a guitar player I wander like write
songs for the girls and be that guy but
I never learned how to play this thing
very well and I thought well if you
can't play guitar you can write songs
then I listened to today's music do you
even have to be a good guitar player to
write songs these days no you can read
an entire song with two strings these
two player this entire song is two
strings maybe you know
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah you don't even sing words you see
bottles with your eyes closed she loved
me my staring at that guy right now why
are you staring right back at me sooner
the [ __ ] I saw that's I thought I was
gonna make him all nervous the entire
time he was like this I just stopped my
[ __ ]
you guys ever sing along songs for years
to sing the wrong words don't realize it
and then one day you hear the right
words you're like that's what they've
been saying this whole time there's the
famous one those vows take your life
there's a bathroom on the right
be honest it always seemed to go to show
know what you got till it's gone a game
pair of guys put up a parking lot else
I'm video right to stuff to guys turn
look for parking spots a lot of damage
sometimes it's even weird are we seeing
the right words of songs we have no idea
what were singing about any REM song the
Avera song wins you know what they're
talking about
so it's like it's bigger it's bigger me
and you are not me talking about you
changed like two words hits Lanka
totally makes sense right it could be
like my wife is bigger she's bigger than
you be glad you're not me that's me in
the corner
that's me no that's not you that's me no
that's not you it's me
[Music]
and then they had that other song stand
in the place where you are
think about that place where you just
were where you're not standing what does
a Simon Says you tell me where to be
let's do the song so weird some songs
are so simple we sing along with them
like they mean something to us we have
no idea what we're talking about we're
just sing along we never stop and go
what am i singing about this song right
here it's a simple a song ever what's it
about man she goes again
[Music]
she got a paper route in the song play
seriously what is this song about and
that one person has ever stopped and
said what is this song about now one
person is rooms ever stop and say let's
figure this out why because it's about a
girl so whatever she's doing it's
adorable it's like oh there she goes hey
there she goes again
hey everybody away there she goes come
on let's send her up how different with
this song be it was about a guy be like
there he goes
[Music]
let's call the cops there he goes again
three times have him arrested scaring
the neighbors what happened man
so with me these days Coldplay guy
sounds like he yawns through a song song
so it seems like you just get wimpy man
guys you know girls like you know guy
girls like songs like I'm moral I'm a
[ __ ] I'm a lover I'm a [ __ ] wonderful
cover like your king relax guys what's
going on there well you know what I'll
take any of that music over someone that
like because at least they write their
own music play their own instruments
sometimes these producers they get a
laptop computer like Timbaland he makes
millions just taking someone's already
done adding those weird sound effects it
does make a song better like that song
this song he has this weird sound if it
comes out of nowhere it makes no sense
in this song but it does make the song
better it's like
coming feet up
step on a goat back there Lucy I said it
soon
that song is bullsh it's never too late
for gödel apologize to my rights now
we're too late
I will tell you it's too late we'll be
like it's too late beautiful day is
enough sorry do like she's like I'll
give you a [ __ ] apology accepted
thank you
so show that early
[Music]
hi I'm Maz Jobrani and you're watching
the last back the reason keep watching
I like to accidentally shoplift anyone
else with me on that for the right
reason if you ever accidentally
shoplifted like if I go to 7-eleven and
there's a long line at the register and
all I want is a doughnut if I eat it
before I get to the front
[ __ ] it I'm gone hell yeah right take it
and watch you later
time is money it's in my tummy search me
and some people are always like they're
hesitant with that so like I would never
do that that's wrong don't blame me okay
I learned it from my mom all right
that's all we all learn our first crime
from you realize that right your mother
yeah your mother is the first criminal
in your life every mother is the first
criminal and their kids like it is it
happens when they're 13 you go to a
Chinese buffet kids you for free 12 and
under everybody knows this canvas
chapter 5 and mom handful every mom's
pulled that right before you go to the
restaurant you stop your kid you say
today you're 12 you initiated them into
the gang they got a little chicken
nugget test food while the free buffet
they've been stealing some people have
their kids saying that at 15 all tall
and mustaches don't dwell on the
children and every mom's been ratted out
at least one write with the same for
your words no or not have you ever seen
a mom lose it with you just like [ __ ]
get stitches like thanks for watching
the last factory channel make sure to
subscribe and tell your friends and if
you want to watch more of my clips go to
my channel at Maz Jobrani
you guys anybody watched that show
Cupcake Wars yeah you liked it pretty
good
gonna have to disagree with you on that
for those of you who don't know Cupcake
Wars is a show about a group of very
talented people who spent a lot of time
doing something that doesn't matter I
cannot express to you how much of a [ __ ]
I don't give if the cupcakes don't get
me on a show I would watch one reality
show about a group of people who have to
go to Africa and explain what Coinstar
is so you guys know that extra money
that you have just lying around the
house No okay um well what we do is we
keep our extra money in a jar oh it's a
jars like a container that used to hold
food and we put the jar on top of a
refrigerator um oh that's just like a
big box full of food when the jars full
we take it to a supermarket oh that's
just like a giant warehouse full of food
and we go to the front and we put it in
this machine which counts it oh no I
don't wanna count I just don't want to
I'm really busy watching Cupcake Wars oh
it's a reality show about food and so
yeah it counts it for us you know and
it's not that bad of a deal because the
only charges one penny for every ten
pennies it counts but who's counting not
me
cuz the machine does it for me
I was I broke Tennessee and I went to
college in Tennessee went to Community
College for one year and I dunno I don't
have one credit to show for it which is
worse than not going like if you don't
go you're like I didn't want to go I
wanted to go and they didn't even give
me a credit I I had to take remedial
classes which remedial basically means
it like look we have no idea how your
high school that you leave alright we
are shocked about it actually we're
going to look into it until then here
are some classes you can take that
effect no one I had to take I took math
as a class like I like literally I
bought a book that said math on it in
college I took reading as well yeah
reading I drove to that class so that's
like I've driven to a reading class not
even immigrant I'm from here I should
knock that out years ago reading they're
just impressed you made it they're just
like looking later today buddy you look
well you guys
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I just cut all my hair off recently you
said long hair look like a cocker
spaniel and I cut it all off and now I
look like Marv from home alone that's
great real sticky bandits a real Daniel
Stern vibe I want to keep doing those
jokes keep Daniel Stearns alive because
his career is dead as [ __ ] this is great
everybody's drinking solid I used to
dream all the time and black out left
and right I got a real glass jaw went at
Jack Daniels starts throwing punches
let's go straight down the worst
hangover ever got from black and I was
in Scotland I woke up from a night of
drinking I puked blood no but then I
remembered I ate flamin hot cheetos the
night before so and then I remembered
they don't sell flamin hot cheetos in
Scotland so I think I shook something
loose I can't put back I'm gonna used to
be late all the time because of that
blacking out that's the worst suppose
late for this job one more time I was
gonna be fired
no and it was at a dog daycare we know I
can't miss out on those benefits my 401
k 9 was about to kick in
really needed that so I woke up after
drinking in a panic I just start getting
dressed as grabbing anything in front of
me just shirts pants shoes winter coat
throw it on I'm outside and I'm running
full-speed and that's when I realize
it's June it's 85 degrees outside I'm
running full-speed in the winter coats
like a dog that got turned into a man
and wasn't dealing with it well like a
crackhead in a marathon like fast but
wrong clothes so I get to the corner
when I see the last bus the final bus
that could get me to work on time pull
away I scream into the ether I'm just
like that and that's when a car
screeches to a halt the windows already
down and the dude insides like get in
we're gonna catch that bus now not all
hero heroes wear capes but they do drive
Trans Am so stranger danger Pete and I
jump in this car and this dude starts
driving like a hammered drunk IndyCar
racer
there's no regard for life hurl enemies
all over the map I look at him and I'm
like dude thanks so much for the ride
but I gotta ask you why just stop and he
looked at me for way too long for a bass
you miss Roger
I [ __ ] hate bosses and that's when I
realized we weren't trying to catch a
bus we were hunting it which is a way
different vibe I was waiting for him to
[ __ ] a shotgun with one hand to be like
shame true and like who in here is shot
a gun [ __ ] all right if you didn't woo
let's hang out later and if you did
we're cool like tours I'm Joe yeah so
this guy's blazing down Ashland Avenue
the bus pulls over and he's like blues
brother ebrake turns in front of it like
I'm getting out and he's like hey man do
me a favor and what sure thing boss what
can I do
he's like tell that bus driver to [ __ ]
himself and drove off with his middle
finger through the moon roof like a real
American Hero
like a guy who get you a real good deal
on fireworks you know I get on the bus
and the drivers like well that guy's
problem
[Music]
remember that Pakistani dude who tried
to blow up the car bomb in Times Square
of course you do pockets yeah she's like
no forgot it I don't know I thought he
was Persian was any person
first of all I happen to be in Times
Square that night doing a show I was a
few blocks away I remember a few months
before that there was a white guy who
flew is playing into the building of the
Austin Texas IRS building Austin Texas I
happen to be in Austin Texas that they
do in a show I swear to God now as a
Middle Eastern male when you start
showing up around a lot of these
activities you start feeling guilty or
what boy I was watching the news I'm
like am i involved in this [ __ ]
you get the memo my friend was like
maybe in the decoy man maybe Al Queda is
like where does he perform - we blow it
up we go global I'm a big fan I want to
blow up everything he doesn't but see
the difference was see the problem was
that Pakistani dude mess it up for all
Middle Easterners Muslim Pakistanis
myself all because what the problem is
any time a Middle Eastern or Muslim does
something the organizations come and
they attach themselves to that person
when the white guy flew his plane into
the IRS building in Austin no white
organization attached themselves with
that guy every wide right way crazy
white guys there's a crazy white guy
even the Tea Party we have no idea is we
don't know probably drinks coffee that
bastard we don't know
coffee drinker when the Pakistani dude
tried to blow up the car bomb into an
punkin in Times Square the Pakistani
Taliban took credit for that failed car
bombing now my question is why would you
take credit for a failed car bombing
right why would you call a press
conference
we just want to say we tried and
furthermore it is the thought that
counts and in conclusion win some lose
some
you guys recognize me from MTV no
you guys recognize me from Trader Joe's
what's up I've been on TV three times
and I'm more famous for bagging
groceries this is yeah
that's Hollywood right there the first
time I was on MTV I was on that dating
Sheldon axe you guys remember that
I'm one dude she chose druggie
at the end of the episode if you don't
remember you get a choice of the money
or the girl and the director came up to
me and he's like you won she chose you
what would you like the money or the
girl and I was like I want the money man
but then he said well this date is going
really well that would look bad for TV
you should choose the girl and I said I
want the money he did then he
was like it's sixty two dollars man I
was like I know I want that 62 bucks bro
give me a and he did awkward thumbs
up i I just got fired from Trader Joe's
I farted on my manager
and I filmed it and put it on Instagram
and I'm not supposed to do that yeah
dude I clocked in I just drank coffee
you know and I had one brewing ahead in
the chamber and I seen a manager that
had it coming
you know is it I was like this will make
a good interest story and then I started
filming I go up and looking on my
Instagram you think I'm bullshitting
it's like five posts to go you know and
I say to my manager it was some fart ass
and then I farted on him you could hear
it good - I'm half Mexican and then I
look at my go what are you gonna do
manager man what are you gonna write me
up and then they fired me
it just happened and then I filed for
unemployment and they have a phone
interview with an unemployment agent and
he's trying to get information out of me
and he's like would you get fired for it
oh you know some stop and I've been
arrested before I know you say nothing
you know and then he's trying to get the
reason out of me and in that and he
tells me the more information you give
me the more I'll be able to help you I'm
like yeah all right buddy I'm
trust you dude but then he said I'm
going to find out from your employer
what really happened I was like oh
I better tell them then you know there's
two sides every fart I easy got to hear
mine
and then I was like you know I was
filming on social media and a little
little fart slipped out you know you
can't prove it I pushed you know and
then he starts laughing he goes a walk
and then I was like I better sound smart
right here and I was like yeah you know
like flat chill and then you
really started laughing and he said
that's all the information I need me
hung up and I was like oh man I'm not
gonna get it and then a week later I got
a letter in the mail and I didn't give
it I was there ten twenty seven five
years man you guys got real depressed
right now huh man yeah I got hired for
seasonal work and I stayed over a decade
that's the true tragedy right there yeah
Wow you guys ever been at a job so long
you just make noises at it you know I
was ringing up this one lady and I just
was like huh and I didn't know that I
did that you know and then she was like
what was that and I was like oh I
did yeah and I was honest with her and I
told her that was a little bit of my
soul dying once can of organic broccoli
at a time
you can feel it in your eyes like dude
[Music]
this gun man and I'll do awesome
shows like this you know at the
world-famous Laugh Factory and sometimes
I'll open up for famous on the
road and I'll do theater gigs with
thousands of people and then I would
wake up and go work at traitor jokes
that's so high high and some low lows
right there I would literally do a
theater gig then you go o'clock in and
they'll be like Craig you need to go
clean the toilets and then I would you
guys never do a theater gig and wake up
to a turd in the toilet I was looking at
it I was like how that goddamn rock star
last night this is man
he doesn't talk back and then sometimes
I would get recognized and they would
people would bring up would be like hey
dude I saw you out The Wiltern Uzi you
 killed it we got and then they
would be like you really do work at
Trader Joe's and then a sadness would
come over
[Music]
what a parent said parents clap you got
a teenager clap if you got a teenager
living in your eyes oh I feel sorry for
y'all I got a teenager living in my
house - what's this thing these
teenagers do now this side no I'm not
eating all the goddamn time what is that
oh man
kids got it easy and I don't they like
easy for like when it's snowing they
cancel school you know how kids find out
school clothes they go to their website
say school clothes they get to sleep in
what do we have to do we have to wake up
at 6 a.m. and watch every school in the
state st. Mary's gone st. Joseph oh you
wait there for 3 hours just to see all
Chicago Public Schools will be open
they even email the parents the grades
now did you know that they email the
grades what do we have to do we had to
bring our report cards home you ever got
bad grades and try to act like you lost
them on the way home I tried that one
time with my mother she was like wait
your grades I was like oh mama oh I lost
them she was like no problem i'ma get up
I'm gonna take off work yeah I'm taking
off work and I'm coming up to that
school and I'm gonna get your grades and
I'm gonna look at them then I'm gonna
find out what room you in and as soon as
I see you I'm like oh here they go mommy
go
they was just deep in my pocket I don't
know about y'all but if I'm getting the
ass whooping I'm taking it at home don't
nobody got it no but me my mom and the
neighbors you get a whoopin in school
your friends will never let you live
that down you see them 20 years later
remember when your mama threw you across
the classroom now I remember that [ __ ]
just give me 20 on pump three my friends
work at gas stations
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I fall into the category of not liking
my grandma very much I don't know if you
guys can tell she's a bulb oh that's
what we call her that's a shitty name we
don't call her by her human name anymore
grab Bobo now Oh your name's Sharon well
not anymore
you had a kid the kid had a kid the kid
named you your Bobo all right so shitty
grandma name that's what we give them
all these all these old smart women we
give them the dumbest shittiest names
you know
Mew Mew and beep bop bobo Nani and gum
guys got a gum shitty grandma names you
know I don't like mine and I have my
reasons
all right on every birthday card she's
ever sent me she always puts my name in
quotation marks so figure that [ __ ] out
happy birthday Dave [ __ ] are you talking
about
am I not Dave who are you so I have a
name you old sack of [ __ ]
If you're in a bar, at a club and you order more than one Grey Goose, are you now ordering grey geeses?
Forreal, like this- this bitch wouldn't serve me last night. I was like yeah, let me get five grey gooses.
Or it is geeses?
Fuck it, give me a flock of Vodka.
White people- they just don't..they don't understand shit like...like being late.
When I was working on Tonight Show, I'll show up late like "Damn, I'm sorry man. I got caught in traffic," or whatever
And they'll be like, "That's why you have to leave about 30 minutes earlier Deon, so you won't get caught in traffic.
That's no excuse, it's the same thing with me. I leave; I have traffic time.
I add traffic time into my schedule, and that's why I'm here early."
"Yo it was a fire on the freeway." You should have put that in your schedule.
I'm from Chicago,
so it be weird being out here because some of the porn stars be coming to my show and I be like "Damn!
That's ol' boy!" Or "That's ol' girl!" And shit like,
This one porn star come to my show all the time. I don't know if you know this dude; it's a black dude.
He go by the name of Wesley Pipes.
Like that's his porn name. Black, ball-head dude,
Got a gun tattoo right here, but he be fucking women like crazy!
But when he be fucking, like he be talking cash shit, but the shit he be saying be so funny,
you can't even jack off right cause you be too busy laughing at what he be saying and shit, you know.
And he was doing it this one girl; he was like "Yeah you like all that thang in there, huh?
Take all that thick ass thang in there."
"I know you like that thang, huh? You appreciate that thick thang in there, huh? Yeah make that thing disappear.
Uhp! What you do with my thang bitch? Where my thang at?"
I'm at home like "Who talks like this?"
"I ain't never said no shit like that."
"I kind of like that shit though, I think ima start talking like that."
He told this one girl, he was like "Yeah get in here and get this motherf****** hot dog."
Now what he did was, he took his balls and wrapped them over the top of his
thang and made it look like a hot dog, like a sandwich or something.
I was like, "He out of his rabbit ass mind doing that." [Laughs]
But I tried it.
I just wanted to see if I had a hot dog or not. I didn't, my shit was more like an egg McMuffin.
I was like "Bitch, come get this breakfast.
Most important meal of the day motherf*****."
I bumped into him on [clears throat]
on Hollywood Boulevard. I didn't even know it was him. I just bumped- I was like "Excuse me" and I looked and I was like [long gasp].
Wesley Pipes!
But what was weird was he knew me.
He was like "Dude you a comedian ain't you?" I was like "Yeah." He was like "Man you funny as shit,
I got you on tape." I was like "I got you on tape too."
Shook his hand; his hand was wet as shit.
I was like "I hope he ain't just get off work."
Women when y'all in the club...y'all all walk out in three's and shit.
The one at the end, that's the one I want. The pretty one at the beginning, you be pulling her away from us.
Just cause you got to go to the bathroom, you running- leading this train and shit. And the ugly one always dingling in the back like,
Fucking tray hitting her in the face and shit.
I be like "Come here," and she be like "I caaan't!"
I be like "Don't let that bitch block your blessings. I'm trying to put you at the front of the line mama."
[Laughs]
I'm just serious.
So I've been writing for Conan for about a year, but it's been weird cause I'm like the only black writer there. You know,
And, it's kind of tripped out because any time the other writers have any black questions
they think I got the answer for it and shit.
Like we'll be in a writer session, and this'll be me right. And other writers'll be like "Wow I just
realized the rapper 50 Cent's got shot nine times. I know that had to hurt."
Like motherf*****  I ain't never been shot, I don't know. I live in Westwood, I have no idea what the fuck they doing in Compton.
"We hear black cats are bad luck. I wonder do black cats go through more stuff than regular cats."
"I don't know the struggle of a cat, Bitch. I don't know cats' Civil Rights. I don't know motherf*****."
"Do all black men got big penises?"
"Yes."
"I do know that." Look at some of the women, "No they don't."
[Laughs] Yes we do.
Yo, I just found out something recently that women are fucking crazy.
Just found that shit out, I did.
No, I had this girl come over my house and uh
It was like 4 in- Well she was there like at midnight, but it was like 4 in the morning
I was being a gentleman like "It's too late for her to drive
Ima see if she wanna like you know just stay here
So I was like "Yo you want to spend the night? I'll just- I'll get you a t-shirt or something."
And she was like "Oh you just trying to fuck ain't you?" I'm like "Nah I ain't trying to fuck." She was like "Yes
you are. I'm so sick of men playing me that way. I'm just sick of that shit, but tonight ima flip that shit.
Ima treat you
the way man treat women and shit. If you want to fuck let's fuck." Just push me on the bed and got on top of
me and just started fucking me, and I was like, "I don't want it like that" And she was like "Shut the fuck up"
Just kept riding me and shit
Then she was like "Now ima get ready to play PlayStation for two hours." And just play...
Then she was like "I'm getting ready to leave and I ain't never coming back."
And I'm thinking to myself "This bitch don't know how awesome this is right now."
I was like "You gon' call me?" And she was like "Fuck you!" I was like "Ima marry this hoe right here."
Did y'all know a lot of black people talk white at work?
Some of y'all best friends, y'all think that they talk like that all the time and they don't.
I'm serious. Y'all be at work over the uh, water cooler
"Hey, James. How are you?" "Fuck I'm all right man, went out with my girl last night
You know threw back a couple, you know- Went home, boned her, came back to work. And hey, it was a good night. All right, man
talk to you later man. All right, later.
Soon as they get in the car; I'll pick em' up. "What up, James?" He be like,
"Woo! Them white motherf****** got me going crazy in that motherf*****."
Yeah...lot of people don't know this about me, is that I can't take a joke.
Ain't that weird, I'm a comedian. I don't get no jokes. You tell me a joke
I don't get it. People tell me jokes all the time. They be telling me shit- they be,
I be like this,
"Well why they do that?"
I don't get no jokes.
One time my friend called me up and asked me to help him with something, like I just didn't get it.
You know, he called me up. He was like, "Hey Deon, can you help me with something?" I'm like "Yeah, what's up?" 
He was like "Okay um...
What has a little dick and hangs down?" I'm like "I don't know." He was like "A bat." I was like "Oh, okay." He was like "Now
what has a big dick and hangs up?" I'm like "I don't know." Then he hung up the phone on me.
I'm like "Damn, what happened to my signal and shit?"
So I called him back I was like "Yeah, I don't know what the fuck happened with this phone or whatever but uh...
What was you saying? Say that shit again real quick?"
He was like "What has a little dick and hangs down?"
I'm like "A bat..." He was like "Now what has the big dick and hangs up?" I'm like
"I don't know." Then he hung up again and shit.
So now I'm outside doing these karate moves trying to find a frequency on my phone
"Yeah it's me again, I must be under some trees or something that's fucking the signal up...
But uh..little dick bat, I got that part. Now what's after that?"
This motherf***** hung up again and shit. I was like I hate AT&T.
[Laughter]
I ended up texting him. I was like [slowly] "What's after the big dick?"
He text me back "Click."
I was like "How you gon' hang up on a text message, motherf*****?"
I was at Montreal recently man, I did a show up there and shit and uh...
It's comedy festival. Yeah. It was crazy, but
It was me and all these New York like comics and shit, like Italian comics and we was all sitting in the back
Just chillin watching these comics and um...
It was this gay comic that went on and this motherf***** was hilarious!
but these Italian motherf****** would not laugh at that shit.
And I just kept cracking up.
To the point where I ain't even want to laugh no more cause I don't want them thinking I was gay or something.
[Laughs]
Like he said something, I was like this
[Uncontrollably laughs, but then forces himself to stop]
They like "You over here fucking relating to him, huh?" "Like it's funny though, Bruno."
Cranberry Grey Goose and cranberry juice,
That's like- that's my shit cause you were able to get fucked up and clean your system out at the same time and shit
You know...I like to stay even when I get fucked up, you know?
Like I found out fish's brain food, it enhances your brain cells
and that's good to know cause like weed kill your brain cells. So if I eat some fish after every joint...
I should be even than a motherf***** right?
I might just start smoking fish...
Cut the middleman out.
okay here's how I feel about other
people with the exception of us in this
room other people suck they're
everywhere and none of them how to
[ __ ] do it whatever it is and they
don't know how to [ __ ] do it and all
those people are at the [ __ ] Airport
that's what I'm saying okay they get to
the airport they check their bag and
their brain at the curb they walk in are
the planes in the building ah
and I walk I walk in ready like who's
[ __ ] like dads always look for the
[ __ ] up you know I can [ __ ] their
foot and it happens immediately as soon
as you get to the airport you get in
line right and I don't care if you're
paying for extra [ __ ] for the there's a
line for that [ __ ] too you don't even
like no matter what you're in a line
okay and I always get stuck behind that
person in line that doesn't know how
[ __ ] lines work lines are simple but
I've all the sudden gotten stuck behind
the guy that can't figure the [ __ ]
line out you know here's what I mean the
line that I'm standing in it's going
this way right guy in front of me he's
looking that [ __ ] way
and I'm already [ __ ] spitting man I'm
just like I'm like hey man if I'm
looking in your [ __ ] eyes right now
you're doing it wrong cuz then the guy
in front of him moves and he doesn't and
I lose my mind with anger okay cuz I
don't know about you but if the person
in front of the person in front of me
takes three steps this [ __ ]
needs to take three steps because that's
how lines work right and those three
steps when you're at the airport are
[ __ ] precious you don't put your in
line like [ __ ] I've been here for thirty
minutes
that's the same guy that gets into the
TSA officer and doesn't know how to
handle that part have you seen him he
walks up he's like okay I'm ready to fly
down all right and he's not ready to fly
because he didn't read the 900 signs on
the way in the title [ __ ] fly she was
in the TSA officer has to help him out I
hate that because here sucks sir you
need to remove your belt and your shoes
and he's like I could remove my - I'm
spa I'm standing behind him sweating
with anger like this doing fun but then
he turns around looks at me and wants me
on board with him have you read that
[ __ ] where he turns like we're all
holding our belts and shoes in our hands
we think we're doing a group striptease
how about you take that [ __ ] off it's
why I got to give it up to that officer
though the TSA guy are there any in here
hats off they are some patient people I
know it seems like they're not sometimes
you know when you walk up there at 11:00
like some [ __ ] happen that you missed
they're losing their minds you know
they're just like [ __ ] liquids you're
like what okay what happened with
laptops and liquids man
nothing happened he's just been dealing
with us all [ __ ] day cuz nobody does
it right nobody have you seen the girl
at the airport that dress is wrong for
airports have you seen this idiot she
thinks she's going clubbing and not get
on a [ __ ] plane skin tight leather
pants lace-up high-heeled stilettos a
top kind of right pulling a big bag
probably full of more boots and she's a
psych hey boys let's fly oh I hate her I
hate I hate her because I always get
stuck behind her at the part where you
have to pick pick your bag up and put it
on the belt and she can't pick it up
because it's too full of [ __ ] boots
and hair dryers and [ __ ] and she's
struggling with it turns around looks to
me she's like can you help me I went
like this oh [ __ ] no like that you know
not doing that and here's why because if
you can't carry it in a [ __ ] carry-on
check your [ __ ] check it check that
goddamn back there's a box next to the
game that you put your [ __ ] in to
make sure it fits on the thing people
avoid the [ __ ] out of that box they walk
away or other no no no this is the bag
that I always use I'm a professional
frequent flyer and this is the one I
know that it looks like a refrigerator
from where you're standing but I promise
it then he gets on the plane and decides
he's going to destroy the [ __ ]
aircraft trying to get into the overhead
if he's [ __ ] that just stuff in the
[ __ ] out of it [ __ ] I'm sitting in my
seat his BIC is right here look just
pick up my left ear and he's [ __ ]
going to town and I'm I hated the dick
the bad check up check it I get so mad
on the air who [ __ ] shits on the
plane not one always bothers me you know
I mean like okay from here to Vegas
thirty minutes people are [ __ ] on
that is it a bucket list item you're
checking off like I'm gonna do it today
I'm gonna Fargo today
it's always a person that sits at the
window that has to go and they always
wait till you fall a [ __ ] sleep
figured out how and you know when I fall
asleep is when the captain's talking cuz
that dude is soothing as [ __ ] he always
talks like he just got done coming have
you notice that [ __ ] you're in your
scene just like [ __ ] yeah thanks Gary
hey guys
oh [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah this is your captain
speaking
okay some out I get that little tap on
my shoulder oh that [ __ ] tap I want
to grab their fingers like Van Damme and
just you know I mean all right no one
talks on a plane he's always that weird
buzzy whisperer like there are [ __ ]
jets outside the window speak the [ __ ]
up you know there are you a [ __ ]
snake on this plane [ __ ] at home so by
the time I finally get on the plane I
hate everyone not usually a hater but
I've just gone through a [ __ ]
obstacle course of idiots to get here
and I can't stand anybody especially a
flight attendant
are there any in here because I'm about
to go in what are they doing how do you
get that job what's the interview
process hello can you point out obvious
[ __ ]
okay cool you're hired like what the
[ __ ] they're always just like there are
exits located everywhere and [ __ ]
says exit clearly but I'm gonna do an
exit dance to show you am i they give
lessons on the [ __ ] plane listen if
the planes going down peace Wow
don't mean the lessons they're teaching
seatbelts on [ __ ] planes please pay
attention this is how seat belts work
you're gonna clip it in and release it
please pay attention to very specific
yes just like seat belts I've worked
since the beginning of time you're going
to and here's the [ __ ] that [ __ ] that
seat belt by the way listen in a car in
a car we get we get this in a rocket
kind of just [ __ ] here right just
here and it's an old shitty belt like
out of a 77 cutlass or some [ __ ] and
they tell you they tell you place it low
on your hips so that when we hit the
mountain key and a half you're done
they're so full of [ __ ] on those
airplanes here's how you know they're
full of [ __ ] we're in a metal tube
rocketing towards the planet right and
this is what they say in case of an
emergency landing no such thing like
we're [ __ ] crashing we're not landing
you know in case of an emergency landing
a cup on a rubber band will fall from
the ceiling yes we have miracle cups on
this flight you're gonna put it it'll
save us from the mountain you're gonna
place it over place the cup over your
nose and your mouth breathe normal [ __ ]
yeah we're about to die but I'm Flom
panicking wondering if I'm ever gonna
see my children bleed normal do not
panic please ever it's useless it looks
like a solo party cup or a big birds
beat but put it on your face we want you
to look stupid now in case of a water
landing that's code for dying in the
water in case of a water landing there
are life vests located under your seat I
know that we are cutting you in half
already and you have this [ __ ] on
your face but you're gonna need to reach
it down pull out the life vest now we
are remember people we are seconds from
death but for some reason this thing is
heat-seal than plastic you're gonna have
to [ __ ] tear that open
remove Big Bird beak from your face
place tiny little yellow ridiculous
clown vest over your head now you have a
yellow vest a beak we want you to look
ridiculous no dignity when you die on
this flight so to these very specific
rules as we are rocketing towards our
death now there are two chords on the
vest that you will need to pull
simultaneously not gonna work sorry but
guess what we're very lucky on this
flight at shoulder level there is a
straw remember we're gonna have to take
and we're panicking but just [ __ ]
the doors turn into slides what is it a
[ __ ] funhouse we're dying [ __ ] it go
down headfirst it's fun here's the
meanest part of the whole lesson this is
the meanest [ __ ] they say place the cup
over your nose and over your mouth and
if you have any small children [ __ ]
those kids put yours on first yours goes
on first you guys know a lot of fun name
so it's gonna be a surprise I'll talk to
you later
[Applause]
[Music]
gotta lose weight for a couple reasons
one last time I was having sex my
titties were bouncing - not a good look
no one at the wear her sports bra in bed
sucks being chubby in the summer it's
easy in the winter you wear a big black
sweater people look everyone gains a
couple pounds around the holidays but
this summer newer less clothes doesn't
look good like you can't wear a
wife-beater if you look like a wife
beater we have a six-pack wear a
wife-beater you just drank a six-pack
keep your sleeves on other reason I
gotta lose ways my cholesterol is 4/20
yeah it's a good number but not for
cholesterol yeah that's like quadruple
whatever and my wife is really worried
about it she wants me to live I guess
doesn't act like it most of the time but
but the problem is um you know it's like
all I really do is go around the country
tell dick jokes drink Crown Royal hang
out with nice people like you or I stay
home get high and eat ice cream yeah but
now my wife has replaced ice cream with
yogurt [ __ ] yogurt I'm like can I put
Crown Royal in it cuz I'm behind it
still tastes like [ __ ] can't go out for
a good meal anymore always going used to
go for steak or Italian now my wife
takes me to Thai food and I like Thai
food I don't trust any food from a
country full of skinny people
that's why they pray to a fat God
because they're still [ __ ] hungry
like dear Buddha can I please have a
double bacon cheeseburger I'm so sick of
bamboo shoots and water chestnuts and
seaweed to taste like fish piss
[Music]
it's very early
hey fool we late last night I hate
flying it's a not just now
come on mutts remember you just buy a
plane ticket go somewhere good plan to
pay for your bags to buy your lunch so
bored Wi-Fi priority morning priorities
I'm surprised you don't go down boy they
walk down ok let's go people
guess money they will quote shrewd
customer let's go we don't land this
plane pressurization is that still
complimentary
I mean was what they would we have 240
armrests us now available on the website
just to play game an elbow twist to
which Steve you carbohydrate first up we
get society to play my way up there as I
be attracted a phone booth with a
manatee for God's sakes I'm not factory
but if you stop spilled over that little
unless I get a problem on it I mean wait
for a whole seat three quarters Missy
then you got flying with people
that's the worst plane with a cat orange
I don't know what that is I've seen one
with someone who say where we're at as
our species they can't get through my
day without my therapy cat he calms me
down
but yeah forget it lady being a grown-up
blows think we don't want something
fairy to crack when things get hairy
turn an airplane you lunatic Hey and if
the nine prescription pill bottles in
your purse freaks out over a vacuum
cleaner gonna handle a 747 sure enough
the plane takes off the cavity
compresses the poor cat starts losing
their sheriffy cats having a nervous
wreck how are you fine
you therapy cats having a conniption see
get therapy mouse
those little goats and tiny ponies will
read the beverage service the right leg
feels good hey it's an airplane it's not
NOAA's are alright would relax with the
animals on the airplane it's kind of
ridiculous couple weeks ago with world
emerging Airlines flight shed emotional
support pink nobody say anything go
through TSA with the bag that side
through my shoes with the big jump again
lady was in Denver trying to play with a
motional supporter peacock see that
movement was Soviets on the plane with a
36 gallon aquarium fish these are my
comfort fish
hi
the turbulence next thing you know we're
all the middle of the wet t-shirt
contest having sushi for lunch I'm gonna
be wrong I'm like am I talking about a
medical alert thought my friend has one
of those he happens to be prone to
seizures like it because it was seizure
and falls the medical alert dog springs
into action grabs him by the collar
dragged away from the wall so this is
bangs head it loosens his shoelaces
takes off the shoes
it gets the Kolkata president on the
five does it happen again fell those are
your hands
point is there are no medical alert
cataleptic seizure next to a cat look
like with your shoelaces for your you
lay there like so you still can see
premium payment card
[Applause]
[Music]
you
as I was walking in here what are you
[ __ ] is wearing CK one cologne
you're a cock-blocker you can't be
wearing old coat look gentlemen colognes
got a ten year shelf life pops alright
you can't be walking around smell like
1999
and just to clarify all cologne says
they sell that Ross are off-limits cool
water obsession
Drakkar [ __ ] curved awkward the heel
for the real players all that [ __ ] done
Why Why is it a [ __ ] block Luke I'll
tell you what's the first thing to
trigger memory smell okay so you're
walking around with [ __ ] 13 extra
squirts of ck one on because it's half
the price it used to be alright you know
to smell like every woman over 35 walks
by then you're just bringing up shitty
relationship memories for that person
you're a hater a 35 year old one doesn't
walk by you and smell ck1 she walks by
you and smells [ __ ] stephen dude why is
this guy bringing up old ass memories
should get a new smell [ __ ] I was
doing good like you know many eighty
year old women hate Old Spice all of
them just rolling around hill it's still
wearing that [ __ ] it's it smells like
domestic violence in here it's like
Jesus get a new smell bro
kids are impossible my son he thinks I'm
God I'm not God I'm not God he thinks I
have the answer to every question it
locks up dad dad y-you hear that a lot
why do we have money like we don't we
don't have money dad why why can't we
see the air
oh my god geez that's why I moved us to
Los Angeles you can see it everywhere
they say it's the terrible twos it's not
as a terrible threes right because a
three-year-old can talk back right right
two-year-olds talk back you used to know
what they're saying
guy God I don't know what he said but
okay three-year-olds talk back but
they're cocky that they can speak a
three-year-old can't say anything normal
you know you say normal kid you want to
do that again oh I don't wanna but a
three-year-old he's gonna sell he's like
go to bed Danny like who are you Jim
Morrison - The Doors my daughters like
it's time to go to bed it's true I know
it's time for me to retire daddy please
don't make me go I want to find my
pacifier trying to find my pacifier
qualified my passive would it be great
if we as adults could let out of it well
that'd be awesome would it be great to
walk around in the house and a diaper
all day and go when you love to get that
phone call at home ring ring hello
hi Ron this is chase Visa Card calling
we've realized you have not made a
credit card payment in over four months
we were wondering when you might be able
to send in that one thousand six hundred
and fifty four dollars
maybe awesome dude when you love to
Lenin I don't want to be great to just
let one rip man want to be awesome you
got a beautiful wife there and
tomorrow's gonna be Sunday she's gonna
go honey it's Sunday let's go down to
the mall and I'll buy us matching
sweater vests and then we'll get
pedicures together what are you going to
tell her
good it's gonna work for you my friend
it's gonna work for you buddy I'm
telling you hey how long do you think it
takes me to put my five year-olds
pajamas on every night of my life half
hour half hour just to put his pajamas
on he's like 15 minutes in you tackle
the kid you shut maan he's got two down
one leg every night a half hour half
hour then I crawl in bed with my wife
try and take her pajamas off for a half
hour a half hour every night
[Applause]
let me ask you all a question this is
just me or why does everybody with Down
syndrome ah I didn't even ask nothing
yet
I just finished the question [ __ ] is it
just me or why is everybody with Down
syndrome I have the same haircut you
know what everybody that laughs you're
going to heaven you're going ahead
everybody didn't laugh you're going to
hell for being phony you know saying
just a question nobody got hurt
no saying just trying to get to the
bottom of this [ __ ] tonight okay
I'm saying I'm just wondering you know
saying it was you know saying if it's
the same barber it flies around the
whole world and cuts all day here or if
when they go to the barber shop and
they're like I want this one
now I play you got to get this one
because it goes with your eyes you know
I'm saying these are the rules you've
been coming here for years I can't
change the [ __ ] up now
how else are people supposed to know you
have Down syndrome from behind
if I give you corn rolls you know I'm
saying I just hold still while I put
this bowl on your head cut around like I
normally do somebody might think the
[ __ ] is [ __ ] up but it's not [ __ ]
though let me tell you what's [ __ ] up
you give me that look this is what's
really [ __ ] up what's [ __ ] up is if
you did give somebody with Down syndrome
a regular haircut they probably come
back to the barbershop
one week later mad [ __ ] this is a man
put my [ __ ] back [ __ ] bus and pass me
by a week
I have been to school because it is [ __ ]
strangers keep asking me questions I
don't know where [ __ ] is I want my bangs
back I've been arrested five times with
these car rolls give me this [ __ ]
bowl I cook just saying don't give me
dirty looks that's just that's what the
deal is
okay can't believe you all applauding
then going to hell for going let's not
let's not go too far
we love locating rare there's a fine
line between looking and staring or
either looking and staring you're like
wait guys can look and appreciate beauty
as soon as it turns of staring we're
like making porn movies in our mind and
you can't look more than a few times
right like if you see a girl like a and
then she like catches you're like okay
and guys are like a rotating fan we come
back again or land and then she catches
you you're like you can only do that
twice before you're a creep you know you
can't be Lin your face gets more and
more perverted every time we love
looking we ladies if you look hot from
the back we will do anything to like
casually like check out the front that's
what we do though it you know saying
like we always like report back to their
boy - they like they like look like we
don't have merit we don't have many
expressions men you know we make the
same expression when we smell something
bad and then when we see a hot girl you
know all right we should also maybe I
were like let me see a hooker like same
thing it's the same expression that's
all we got but there's always a
one-nighter girl that he doesn't know
how to report is not to be nonchalant
like you're in Vegas see like a group of
girls they look good from them he's
always like it's Ryan he's trying to be
the scout he's like butter butter butter
you're like dude
can hear you bro you don't know what
brother means yes they can't say no that
means you dick lower their self-esteem
even if we're driving and you look good
for that we will make lane changes to
try to catch a peak even if our girl is
sleeping neck don't do it if your girl
is sleeping girls are like Jean Grae
from x-men you know like if you like
check a girl out she'll be like I saw
that
single people want to be together so
badly that they you created websites for
you to find each other there's single
people everywhere Jewish dot-com black
people dot-com people with no jobs but
not really dyke all kind of [ __ ] to get
together and I looked at the I want on
one of these sites and I read it and I'm
looking at all these things that people
say they want to do like you know you
know all the other interests that's what
it is
long walks on the beach movie night are
you kidding let me translate to you what
long walks on the beach really mean
what's you married and into it first of
all if you don't live by the beach
it's a journey to get there you
understand that means there's gonna be
driving involved and anytime you're
driving with her there's going to be an
argument period the whole argument is
about how she knows how to get someplace
that neither one of you have ever been
but she knows better than you shut the
hell up and listen this regard with the
lady on the navigation says follow her
now when you get down to the beach it's
20 degrees colder than it was at your
house she didn't bring a jacket you know
why because you have one and now she's
wearing your jacket you're walking in
this muddy sand you're freezing and this
is the long walk on the beach
and the whole conversation is about the
fact that we could have been here an
hour ago if you would have listened to
the way I told you get out here and we
could have been here and it would have
been warm and that's when you're
thinking to yourself I wonder if a shark
has ever come out of the water
walked up on sand and snatched somebody
away and never to be seen again this is
what the long walk on the beach
[Applause]
it's great to be here in California I
mean it mainly because it's warm
Finland is up north up north in Europe
really cold oh really
so when I came here I was surprised that
my penis is actually huge
oh thank you and it's nice to be here
it's also great the people here in
America they are so polite you are so
polite people more polite than in
Finland - a lot lot more polite like
first day here I went to a restaurant I
went straight to the toilet took a pee
and walks out of the restaurant and the
doorman hey thanks ok you're welcome
back in villas my fee is not this
appreciated
rather glad you enjoyed it that's here's
my details if you need more that's nice
but English English is my second
language if you haven't noticed and an
English is hard that there's lots
missing misunderstandings happened
happened like I had a cough earlier here
and I went to the pharmacy and I said
I'm here for cough the guy said excuse
me and I said I'm here for coffee and he
said you [ __ ] off
who's from out of town Bay your hands
together out of towners Maria okay oh
you're gonna raise your hand very
politely miss thank you so much for
doing that to the polite person in the
room thank you very much for you from
Canada of course of course is Canada
welcome Canadians very good and where
are the locals any locals here generic
Canadians be very careful of the locals
they will kick your ass
the only reason they're here is for free
parking yes they just came in here for a
cool room for a few minutes that's it
great hey locals do you like living in
Vegas yes me too I love living in this
town you know what when I first moved
here my favourite thing about Vegas was
this names of the subdivisions yeah
there's a little giggling I'll explain
if you walk down any neighborhood any
neighborhood at all in Las Vegas you
will see a subdivision called something
brilliant like oceanside estates in the
[ __ ] desert there's an entire section
of town called Green Valley
I'm not lying yeah my locals know
there's a subdivision next to mine
called Crystal Springs from where your
faucet just once just once I'd like to
see a subdivision in Vegas called well
it should be just once I would like to
see a subdivision in Las Vegas called
brown treeless rock pit
welcome to dirt hole right next to
foreclosure Grove
Crystal Springs the only place that
should be called Crystal Springs is the
trailer park down the road from me where
they cook all the meth
then the crystal just Springs right at
you oh my goodness and I went shopping
today that was a mistake I went to a
mall I can't I can't go to malls anymore
I can't everybody is selling Star Wars
[ __ ] now have you noticed this everybody
yes even Victoria's Secret oh yes they
have a droid bra and panty set the bra
is really weird it only comes in two cup
sizes R 2 and D 2 but the panties are
really neat to have a special c3p hole
thank you thank you very much ladies and
gentlemen
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm probably the only one of this
audience actually has a child I have a
kid at home someone I'm trying to up
it's a beautiful thing having a child
used to be out in the clubs having a
great time and now I go to the club and
I look out then I see girls doing stuff
and I think of my daughter she is ruined
my good time completely ruined there's a
moment where you'll be in a hospital
room at some point later on they'll be
doing something to your girl over there
that you don't want to ever see and
you'll be holding your daughter in your
hands and you'll be like oh my god oh my
god you're so beautiful oh my god
someone's gonna drive my daughter
and here's what's worse it could be
Ellen DeGeneres or AJ you don't know
which way it's going to go you're not
really sure I kind of hope it would be
Ellen DeGeneres personally you know at
least until she's like out of high
schools I want the deal the team
pregnancy thing but can rage a Kim
Kardashian is like my worst nightmare
she is made being a [ __ ] cool how did
you talk your daughter how to do in a
sex tape with Kim Kardashian running
around I mean let's just think about it
for a moment she is literally the Steve
Jobs of black dick she's taking that
[ __ ] to a whole nother level think just
think from okay Kanye the Reggie Bush
Nick Cannon Diddy honestly I understand
that she's our medium but as hot as the
couch is working it's got to be Mexican
I'm just saying where's the meal cam B's
cam
I need a breather
Morrigan FL no more MBA Camrys I need a
nice white boy Kim please just for a
moment and maybe it's just me but I feel
confident that the train on her wedding
dress is the longest white thing she has
ever had is it just me these are the
fears that keep me up at night now that
I have a daughter I have a plan though
my plan is very simple I'm gonna wait
until the guy the rayj dude comes over
to my house and he's like mr. gillich
need to dig up your daughter come on and
young man no problem here hold on one
second please
catch this um mr. Jones why did you just
throw me a bullet well don't worry about
that just bring my daughter back just
like she is right now or I guarantee you
won't catch the next foot mother I
promise you that why do you know why
we're running
that's Pride Month anybody go to the
parade this weekend you guys go down
yeah it's awesome it's a great parade
it's awesome how much progress we're
making for the gay the lgbtq+ if I'm
believing any letters out I'm sorry I
don't know them all I don't the
cliffnotes and I've been teleprompter
here right now I think it's great I
think there are a lot of ways that we
need to make more progress for gays and
lesbians in this country I do think it's
crazy I think it's crazy that we still
don't have an openly gay player in a
major sport that's nuts to be nuts we
have a gay football player yet how do we
not have a gate we came close remember
when Michael Sam was in the draft a
couple of years ago people were like
people like I don't know if I don't know
if the NFL is ready for a gay player or
they were like what is there to get
ready for he's a gay man not a snowstorm
what are you getting ready for I don't
get it I like what do they think like it
like he's gonna gang up football anymore
then it is like do you guys know what
goes on at the bottom of one of those
piles with 11 guys fighting for a ball
let me tell you right now the average
NFL player has had more fingers stuck in
his ass than any gay man you know it's
crazy the whole thing comes down to
shower that's what the whole thing comes
down to showering straight guys are
afraid to shower with gay guys listen
sometimes in life you're gonna have to
shower with some people you don't want
to okay when I was a hairless freshman
in high school if people thought I was
my mother when I answered the phone
I don't
shower with the seniors but it had to be
done I just don't understand like what
what are they afraid of you know like do
they think he's just gonna come sashay
in the locker room and just kind of take
in everybody's dicks one at a time just
look at them and study them the
curvature the faint like what is that
but they they think he's gonna go in
there and he's gonna look really of
course he's gonna look he'll I'm
straight and I would look it's a roomful
of gargantuan black men that's the dick
Hall of Fame that's the Super Bowl
shuffle of pop am I gonna look I'm gonna
take pictures with everyone you know
what a shower with the gay guy for if
you don't want to shower with a gay guy
for that kind of money then find another
job that's gonna pay you seven figures
to take gym class for a living okay cuz
I'm gonna tell you right now if they
don't want a shower with a gay guy for
that kind of money
guess what I'll shower with a gay guy
for that kind of money I'll shower with
fifty gay guys for that kind of money
I'll soap up every last one of them from
that with a smile on my face talking to
my account how many million seven all
right turn rat boy selfie top
[Applause]
[ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
laughs back three presents Wow from Las
Vegas city of entertainment
it's the timgavin special
this guy I'm gonna have this game long
[ __ ] time and this guy and I him and I
work together in January earlier this
year he was like hey man I'm gonna shoot
my special in Vegas in around July do
you think you'd come out and introduced
me I was like [ __ ] yeah because you know
sometimes you have comics that you go
who's funny this is one of those guys
you go this [ __ ] is funny and I
was like hell yeah I'd like to be a part
of that please welcome to the stage the
extremely funny from Kansas Tim do you
need to get laid
what's your name
Kelly yeah your pretty girl Kelly you
might not be these lights are bright you
might be all [ __ ] up look at now your
pretty girl what that's mistake fellas
you can't tell pretty girls they're
pretty not right off the bat they've
heard that [ __ ] their whole life doesn't
mean anything to you no it's like it's
like telling me I'm funny sure I
appreciate it it's not gonna get me to
suck your dick but I appreciate it when
I hook up with a hot girl like Kelly you
got a Jedi mind trick you have to make
her wonder why you don't find her
attractive when everyone else does
intrigue her with your indifference in
that right fat ass
see some of you think I'm being mean but
I'm not I'm sweet-talking her it's nice
to be here I live in Hollywood now I
can't decide if I like it I live right
next to a huge 99-cent store though it's
pretty cool you can buy anything you can
buy 12 condoms for a dollar the box just
say is good luck it's like eight cents
economy Muslims take a piece of gum on
your Peter it's not a bad idea gum
flavored condoms different flavors for
different ethnicities according to
racial stereotype black dudes could have
hubba bubba Mexicans could have a holy
kid Mexicans don't wear condoms
so many babies makes me wonder if they
know for sure how they're made what you
mean you're pregnant I chopped that Jade
on your belly
I don't mind Mexicans having all those
kids though you know because Mexicans
are very family-oriented loving people
you know they love their children so I
don't really care but if you ever
noticed that the people who have the
most kids are the one who shouldn't have
any and the ones who have the most
difficulty conceiving children it's
always people who deserve to have kids
it's always people who have little money
in the bank and their own house and
actually love each other those are the
ones that have trouble having kids but
you'll never hear white trash we just
can't get pregnant those [ __ ]
masturbate and get pregnant nothing
goddamn gremlin there's something to
watch the full length special there's
YouTube video on demand
everybody talked about who but I don't
know about y'all is it me
can we can we be real talk oh boy has
revolutionize the one-night stand
don't get mad at me ladies don't tighten
up your Johnny's into a fist here before
I'm saying he knows a walk of shame in
wangcheng amorous a chariot in victory
now my [ __ ] this is not to say hey the
setup has changed and I'm not saying
every night it's a [ __ ] sleepover
I mean she's sleep now I'm staring at
the ceiling chill need to figure out how
to get the [ __ ] out of someplace called
Reseda the [ __ ] out here cuz she's gonna
do thing just these little girl far
she's oh I'm trying to figure out the
salad you haven't been under a Cassie
asked comforting [ __ ] that [ __ ] ain't
fun comfort us heavy in his tracking gas
it's not and I'm not this [ __ ] i'mma do
de dados Cooper my [ __ ] uber right you
set up the coordinates right you tussle
around trying to get the [ __ ] out here
she wakes up
now y'all gotta do that post sex small
talk Oh y'all gonna close let's mess up
this [ __ ] you got to say all the way out
hey oh yeah don't forget text me when
you get your period and you get the [ __ ]
out it look at you yeah but as soon as
it is that awkward your phone goes
arriving now so much [ __ ] a donut in a
Camry is coming to save you soon thank
you this cars panting the girl's
apartment he got a bottle water Spotify
on the charger
leather interior this make a donut is
the man should if I'm Bruce Wayne so you
don't own this outfit right now back to
the goddamn Batcave homey and stop by
7-eleven to see Dana rates you
[Music]
football season little scandalous this
year a lot of crazy [ __ ] going on
Washington Redskins should they be able
to call themselves the Redskins I don't
know yeah yes some people say no I think
that they should be able to but but then
they can only draft actual Native
Americans play understand right think
about that that would be a badass
football team just imagine 11 screaming
Navajos coming down the field and they
would have the best defense in the
league because they are not giving up
any more territory that's right but
that's what it should be
whatever your team says they are that's
what they should have to be if you're
the if you're the San Francisco 49ers
your entire team should be 49 year old
man that's it just in the huddle
complaining about hemorrhoids and bad
backs losing every Sunday to teams like
the Vikings like real Vikings horns
coming out of the helmet they come out
and they rape all the cheerleaders
because they're Vikings Buccaneers would
come out with an eyepatch and they'd
rape all the cheerleaders Oakland
Raiders raped it should be a lot of
raping
cheerleaders would not be into this new
type of thing no they should be what
they say Chicago Bears should come out
real bears when helmets on playing
against 11 dolphins just dead on the
field by halftime just a stench in the
stadium and why is it that Native
Americans are upset about the Redskins
name
you don't hear African Americans
complaining about the Cleveland Browns
do you don't that's all right they're
black they can all you guys can they're
allowed to they earned it they earned
I'm about sick and tired of tequila
companies trying to convince everybody
that tequila is smooth now they're all
of advertisement I see four tequila's
his son smells so smooth it's smooth I
heard that enough I was like sweet they
must have fixed it so I tried something
haven't done anything to it it's the
same nasty [ __ ] it's always been only
they should legally be allowed to tell
people that tequila is smooth tequila in
my opinion is the least smoke drink that
you can drink that's why there are so
many distractions when you drink tequila
you never just take a drink tequila like
you do anything else you got all this
other stuff you gotta lick this and suck
that what are you trying to hide too
cute all the commercials all the same
know that the cool actors and the
commercials and I think in a commercial
they take it drink it tequila and they
smooth things happen to them throughout
the rest of the night they imply they
smooth things happen after you drink the
cue
and I think smooth has ever happened
after anyone has drank tequila you ever
now drinking tequila one night you wake
up the next morning you can't remember
what happened so you ask your friends
what happen and they describe your
behavior from the night before as smooth
it's never happened in the history
liquid knows nothing like do what
happened how's your 10 o'clock I'll
remember anything ever said never seen
you like that before how do you know
what to say man you're just so damn
what I've learned about women so far oh
that's it this blow your nose in the
middle my [ __ ] show guy when he drops
in with a horrible disease and nobody
knows why they're sick tomorrow the rest
of the crowd is partnered way to go sir
[ __ ] goddamn patient zero mother
everybody's got AIDS don't have any see
that was pretty funny it does I don't
know why she just put him her put her
hands away oh yeah hey is that good AIDS
and who's that other guy sitting beside
it are you with them we're together all
right looking at it's eight corner right
over there
welcome to Hollywood it's always one
corner that has all the diseases what do
you mean you were together like some
sort of weird like Scientology night out
you guys want to laugh and then judge
other people too haven't believed what
you believe
all right good talk thanks Rancho thanks
for coming out
here's the deal I don't like you guys
just [ __ ] attitude right now you came
here I didn't break into your house to
start doing this [ __ ] let's drop the
attitude cause right now you're treating
you like you were having a barbecue and
I just kicked over the fence archeology
joke that's all [ __ ] happen okay you
guys came to the corner of sunset and
[ __ ] goddamn whatever that other
street is there's no parking here we're
all [ __ ] okay we're all [ __ ] we got
to go for a goddamn Jewish bagel
afterwards to [ __ ] get a parking
validated
that guy's got a disease which is
horrible at one lady's from Long Beach
so that's like it's great it's going to
ask me for a ride afterwards that's know
how to get back home and I'll [ __ ]
take it so I can use the carpool lane I
don't get it yeah
that's how I get [ __ ] divorce because
there's a woman in my car when I get
home like who's that it's the new dog
walker she lives in that room nobody
else has a dog walker oh my god [ __ ] for
that we don't have kids we have dog
anybody got kid okay can you just answer
these [ __ ] question seriously I'm
going to be here for 15 minutes we'll
get a reflection over and done with I
know you guys wanted to see something
else but it's [ __ ] happening we're in
it right now okay what can let it happen
yet sons of [ __ ] I've been on TV I'm
better than you
[Music]
I got pissed off at a Febreze commercial
it sounds too but you gotta watch how
they market it to us we all see this
commercial right I got two people they
blindfolded in the space they walk in
they're like oh my god it smell like
fruits and berries it's springtime they
take the blindfold off and it's two dead
bodies laying in front I'm right he
flies to [ __ ] coming off the body but
they so enamored with the Febreze the
Lego breeze how did y'all do this this
is so amazing
never in my life ever took a [ __ ] in my
house spray Febreze pass somebody come
over and say hey it smell like fresh
linen here anytime I shouldn't spray
Febreze in my house people come over be
like hey did you [ __ ] and try to cover
it up with some Febreze because it smell
like [ __ ] in linen in here smell like
shitty Linda actually don't don't mix
that [ __ ] together they don't work
[Music]
I'm always going to be more immature
than my wife you know because we're
driving and you know we're driving
through Burbank and like every year
these high school kids are what there's
this steakhouse and these kids take the
letter G off of Black Angus Steakhouse
and it says plan a in a steakhouse I
think I cracked up you know I'm always
like you're still immature you think
that's funny I'm like yeah because it
keeps happening and you know the owners
like again how many times if everything
happens for a reason if you know he has
this big storage room full of big-ass
liturgies is do it myself
we are not black anus and married people
know when you're married it exposes
everything exposes all your weekend you
think you can hide they all married men
have some secret stash somewhere some
kind of addiction it's gonna come out
I've been married for 10 years it's
gonna come out but what I know man we
always need to like have some hidden
addiction or something I was thinking
what if two months later in our closet
my wife uncovers a blankie she finds all
these big liturgies baby was you
we're so good what are you doing sick
joke is this baby I got it I gotta come
correct you know I need to be addicted
to something this is my itch I quit
smoking quit weed did I what kind of
addiction is I'm addicted to stealing
letters and making them vulgar I don't
know that's like a weird addiction that
I have what are all these big letter s's
I took them off at Dick's morning but it
says dick everywhere I don't know
I don't like talking to girls on the
phone no one talks on the phone though I
think that's pretty cool now right for a
minute I missed it I'm like what
happened to a conversation I'm like [ __ ]
conversations those are the worst I
don't want to hear from girls my friends
family any of that [ __ ] to me phone
calls are the new dropping by
unannounced like you're just driving
down the street whoa dude what the hell
are you doing here right now man
I'm driving a motor vehicle down the
street eating a sandwich and texting
someone else and you're just gonna show
up out of nowhere right now no you're
being rude is what you're being all
right so next time you want to call me
how about sent me a text beforehand and
let me know all right what a dick that
imaginary friend was but like girl
texting with a girl is just it's so
weird because there's so much sure
they're more mature than me women are
and I'll give you that 99% of time
they're very mature well-spoken very
well put together until you start a text
conversation with them I met a girl one
night at a bar so articulate so smart I
was intimidated right but she was great
she was fun to talk to so I text her the
next day I'm like hey last night was
really fun how are you today all of a
sudden her responses hey goofball smiley
face sunshine pumpkin six strawberries
11 surfboards 19 exclamation points I'm
like did you have a [ __ ] stroke what
happen right now better a nine-year-old
took your phone last night you were a
First Amendment lawyer today you are
abusing your right to free speech as far
as I'm concerned lol was her response
because that's every girl's response it
just book ends every single sentence
they said lol lol lol everything
everything everything it stands for
laugh out loud not end of [ __ ]
sentence look I don't know what to make
of it if I don't know the girl I'm just
like issue what's going on with hey lol
really good how are you
lol
wait good what's so funny lol nothing I
just watched the saddest movie Wow
like what like sad funny like a fat kid
dropped his ice cream funny what lol I
cried through the whole thing lol are
you a sociopath lol I don't know what
that word means lol it means do you
identify with Batman villains
specifically the purple haired dude who
should only be laughing that much at the
beginning and end of every sentence lol
never seen the Batman movies are way too
cray frowny face crying sunflowers would
you do that [ __ ] in real life like I
meet you for dinner and I stay down I'm
like hey you look great good to see you
how's it going right check please yeah I
know I didn't order anything I just
needed diversion to get away from the
[ __ ] Joker sister right now I did not
sign up for this keep texting it those
[ __ ] letters are gonna wear off of
your iPhone
I'm a recovering alcoholic drug addict
by 59 days sober today don't clap it's
court-ordered I went to a religious
rehab I went to the Salvation Army in
San Diego I swear to God my first day a
meeting was like a Christian a a meeting
and at the end of the meeting this guy
comes out and starts serving everyone
wine and I turn to my sponsor Steve I'm
like dude what the [ __ ] is going on he's
the Garrigan's cool once they bless the
wine it transforms into the blood of
Christ I'm like no [ __ ] can they bless
this bag of cocaine officer this is the
dandruff of the Lord make me a blood of
Christ on the rocks let's go my roommate
had rehab this guy Ryan he was there
specifically for ambien that's a
sleeping pill that's the only [ __ ] he
did how do you party on sleeping pills
to the point where your life is
spiraling out of control we go to a club
on a Saturday you're on the dance floor
yay yay give me an ambien play oh hey
guys I'm going to bed
I'm taking a nap and that's not a [ __ ]
I got a Snuggie on and [ __ ] what's your
rock bottom
I am so well-rested I'm tired of big
refresh what are your triggers Aries
coming over don't mention pajamas or
naps pillowcase
for thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory calm
this is a real love songs on that and
it's actually a Christmas song that's
dedicated to the homeless and to the
[ __ ] and hoes [ __ ] and hoes in
disrespectful way like Christian to get
down on your knees on Christmas Day to
[Music]
[Music]
all my Jewish ladies it's making
we
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
round of applause for your servers and
bartenders flight huh they should take
care of that I used to serve tables that
job [ __ ] sucks because not only do
you have to serve people which yes you
have to learn like lingo like special
lingo someone comes in the kitchen they
go 86 tots that means there's no more
time someone's holding the tray and
they're coming around the corner and
they go Corner that means they're coming
around the corner okay there's stuff you
need to pick up sometimes you might take
a server home and have sex look I've
done it you might take a server home and
have donkey style sex and if you do
please just have the common courtesy
just a quick behind just gonna squeeze
in right behind you
right behind you corner I used to serve
tables man
I served tables at Bubba Gump shrimp
company for not familiar it's a Forrest
Gump movie themed restaurant okay that
[ __ ] is real and as a server you were
required by management to ask Forrest
Gump movie trivia at every table
hence the tribute so the first month I
was just happy to have a job I thought
if I ask these questions and make more
money I go the tables like hey guys you
guys are duel trivia alright cool cool
rule click Louis Forrest favorite soda
dr. pepper that's right three straws
three straw so that table watch out
because like a year later when I still
work there wanted to burn the place to
the [ __ ] ground I go to the tables
all hungover mid dinner rustling all
right gang listen up and what point in
the movie did Jenny died of AIDS
what song was Jenny listening to while
she was snorting coke and contemplating
suicide how fast did Forrest Gump come
and he touched Jenny's tit in her
dormitory immediately that's right free
strong
[Music]
I feel bad for women you know those guys
we're gonna have a bond you know look at
this guy be a pitchman or an ass man
it's pretty sweet right women don't have
that you know you can't be like a dick
girl or a balls girl that has her to
work think I'm a balls girl I put both
balls inside my vagina I call it the
devil's pull offal that doesn't work at
all guys we can pee outside it's totally
fine it's like we're communing with
nature it's like we're one of the gods
fellas have you ever seen a woman psn
it's [ __ ] terrifying
I walked out of a bar one night and
there is this gremlin like creature
grabs between two parked cars a stream
of smoke shooting out of her sin hole oh
my god repeat away into the night to
suck the blood off cattle and lay eggs
in a nearby school I just want a woman
who's been through [ __ ] at this point in
my life you know I don't need a woman
who did a poetry and ponies you know I
don't want a woman who's not allowed
back at certain bars you know like I
want a woman he's got a limp but not
when she was born with what she earned
you know like I want a woman who when I
asked if she does anal she says that's
all I do that's what I was
I like talking about sex in my act I do
cuz I write it's nicer because sex and
comedy brings people together I want a
nice couple like this to walk out of
here thinking about sex because I talked
about it I want you to walk out here
think about sex I want you two to go
home and have sex and then half way into
the sex I want to pop in your head
that's why I live my dream it's going to
happen - a few couples out there now
that I said it right I planted the seeds
it's like saying don't think about ice
cream you're gonna think about some ice
cream right that's just how it works I'm
gonna pop into the girl's head first
don't get upset
okay jealous I'm gonna pop into her at
first she doesn't want me in there she
likes you she wants to think about you
she's gonna be all like why the [ __ ] am
I thinking about this comedian that kind
of looks like Bobby play from the Food
Network why the [ __ ] am I thinking about
this guy because now I'm horny and
hungry at the same time you don't want
that combination that's bad I'm gonna
pop an ear head next sailor you're not
above this popping to the guy's head -
and as a guy you're like why the [ __ ] am
I thinking about some dude unless you're
into that and I'm happy to help but
you're gonna be like why am I thinking
about some dude right it's gonna turn
you off and it but not so much that you
lose your boner yeah it's not gonna turn
you off that much all right you're gonna
keep that boner it's gonna make you last
longer best sex you ever to head so
you're welcome there brah I bring
couples closer together I think about
baseball thing about this dumb bread mug
you'll last 20 minutes longer fellas
Tanya honey do you know what I did a few
weeks ago like you know I have a wife so
you think I'd be used to but every now
and then she'll pop off some move she
reads all those magazines so it's great
for me we'll be going at and she'll pop
off some move and I'm just like well
alright well this feels like the first
time alright just guys ever had that
we're having sex and it's great and I'll
sent you to some with her leg and you're
like oh my god I'm gonna I can't hold it
back anymore this is great so here's
what I do now I reach the back of my
thigh and I rip out hairs and it makes
me last longer it wasn't a joke but I
felt comfortable with you guys enough to
tell you that I'm like
I feel good with these people I want to
pass this information along
I am Jewish I'm Jewish you have a weird
way check it out face and hair kind of
excessively Joey yeah then I got the
muscular jock body right kind of in
between a Jew and a guy who drives by in
a truck and yells Jew all right a little
bit drain a little bit methamphetamines
right there and I did some shows in
Europe this year underperforming in
Germany you don't I found out it is
still very hard to be Jewish in Germany
this expensive over there it is uh the
exchange rate alone will make you cry I
get what all those books were about it's
hardly Jewish or because you want to
hate everybody that's like your agenda
you're walking like in you kill my
people people killed my people then
after day like these people dance to
techno till 6:00 a.m. this place is
awesome
you start out these Nazi bastards you
bite into a sausage and everybody makes
mistakes
come on like a sellout I was like an
Amsterdam like I'm gonna go to Anne
Frank cows I'm a meaningful experience
I'm gonna go the Anne Frank House and I
woke up I'm gonna get high go to the
Heineken Factory that sounds I think the
samples are way better
now I'm 28 my mom's work junit up
channels gonna marry a Jewish girl her
parents always want to say keep it
within the faith and part of me wants to
keep within the faith and part of me
wants to marry a girl who's attractive I
can't eat my girlfriend she's
circumcised the whole Megillah it's
intense it's uh I just think it's funny
the Jewish women always pressure their
Jewish sons to marry a Jewish woman
that's how hard and unappealing to date
a Jewish woman is they have to act as
pimps for future Jewish women our
[ __ ] is not important in your
relationship come on I know the perfect
girl come with me
so I'm on this swipe and I swiped on
girl from a different race because I'm
Irish American like I said and she's
vegan any vegans here okay no I'm the
representative for the whole group so
fun but if you don't know what a vegan
is there a race of people who avoid
everything derived from from joy and
okay of course veganism is not a race
it's a disease and it affects white
women between ages 20 and 50 makes them
angry and belligerent and grumpy and
gassy and sleepy and dopey and all the
other Dwarfs except for happy you ever
go to a vegan restaurant go in there
check it out take a gander take a whiff
it smells like you're inside a giant
fart bubble everyone's alone miserable
ordering depressing food could I have
the chicken with the backwards K and oh
yeah what's up with vegan food it's like
the transgender of food I'm a soybean
but identify as a buffalo wing I also
wrote that joke stone and she had one of
those let me talk to a manager haircuts
and resting [ __ ] face book mm-hmm
she's told me about that marches she
goes on I'm marching into the Nazis next
week
Nazis are on the rise in America right
now but I'm gonna do something about it
I'm gonna March
so I said Wow marching against Nazis
sort of ironic she didn't really laugh
at that joke either but by the way if
someone here who this room is worried
about Nazis being on the rise let me
tell you something I promise you they're
not
I guarantee it ok I'm 6 foot tall I'm
200 pounds blond hair blue eyes I've
never once been recruited to be in the
[ __ ] Nazi Party people I'm a
first-round draft pick for the Nazi
Party I'm a high second-round in my
lifetime no one's ever come up to me
hello would you like to hear more about
to organization we have some pamphlets
with Michelle here's how you do it so
you start with the brush now do a
Russian accent you just do normal
American Midwestern accent make yourself
cold angry miserable depressed they just
rushed you have no expression when you
left you when you have orgasm orgasm
multiple orgasm and then you make the
Russian gain all of a sudden you a
German a German is just a gay Russian
that's all it is Germans are only gay
Russia to make the German girl your
French or French is just a gay German
which is just again Russia to make the
French gay your Lady Gaga suck in the
dick oh the Charlotte Charlotte
Charlotte way to go imitating Eddie
better
Bradley so I'm at the vegan restaurant
right and and then she tries to start
converting me to or veganism she's like
you know what is that natural what you
doing Amy there's not natural so I think
by the way you have a lot of
conservative ideas for liberal I'm like
you have a lot of makeup for a feminist
[Laughter]
well are we offending cuz the makeup was
tested on animals I don't know what the
[ __ ] was that reaction meanwhile she's
something I'm not nationally at Florence
heels yet fake tan fake boobs Botox
filler her lips her everything above her
neck was stretched stable tucked and
peeled injected her face look like a
baby trying to squeeze out of a womb you
want some oh chicka when the backwards
pay no heed to Toby didn't look too good
it was so gross
some [ __ ] her right and I ain't a
quitter of course I'm [ __ ] her her
chart or her choice okay she grabbed I
didn't even give my consent I'm a guy
that's built-in we go back to her
apartment studio not to brag and she
drops on her knees zip she whips it out
alright [ __ ] yeah she flicks it out I
don't really have a home really about
the OP tried that tape a length for
evolution it's much like a tube it's
chapstick or a switch plate from the 50s
when your jet or chill you get the
[ __ ] boy anyway she whatsit and then
she puts my book into her mouth mouth
foolish area and I'm against the wall
like whoa I guess she's not really vegan
but she didn't swallow so maybe she is I
don't know what the rules are guys
[ __ ] relax I'm getting of course you
swallow
because what happens in vegans stays in
vegans that's right people that was
disgusting you part of that you will get
weird about [ __ ]
that's the patriarchy by the way there's
no [ __ ] patriarchy it's a [ __ ]
myth you're caught in the [ __ ] matrix
it doesn't exist someone accused me of
being a paycheck I'm like really I live
in a [ __ ] 150 square foot studio
apartment watching ESPN with my dick my
hand half the time the paper hits your
mankind it's just men chasing around
women with whip their dick up it was a
big and then apologize I'm sorry about
it okay you talk about bloodshed you
can't talk about it you know you're
gonna first of all guys we [ __ ] up why
do we call [ __ ] that was ridiculous
who couldn't into anything [ __ ]
women don't want to work
we got you're 12
I feel very hurt right now anyway uh I
mean we could say hey baby give me a
shopping spree okay
whoo anything that's my point I'm sorry
it's just a weird time right now I'm
either I don't know I mean look I hate
Trump he's a dolt obviously he said make
America great again I don't know what
that means but I don't get to like
emotional here brand but like America
was great for me I don't want to cry but
Americans right when you could when you
could push a woman's head a little bit
you know that guy's not not a lot not
not like but like you could nudge
remember the days when you could nudge
not have a pudding pop but when you
could gently kind of encourage a I'm not
talking 80s porn star suck that dick
like nineties yoga teacher enjoy that
essence you know I'm talking a little
bit you can't do that [ __ ] now you can't
even touch a woman's head like what the
[ __ ] are you doing [ __ ] I'm
stroking your hair babe you're gonna
push my head you [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm a
strong independent woman I will push my
own head are you guys big grab the
neighbor babe
[Applause]
[Music]
I didn't know the IRS was so serious you
you hear all this [ __ ] like I didn't
know that they can do the [ __ ] that they
can do I everybody say don't mess with
IRS yeah I got in some trouble and it
was they start taking [ __ ] that I didn't
know they can take like they took my
speed of your war points I'm like how
the [ __ ] I had over 12,000 speeding war
points
[ __ ] y'all take that they took my
AutoZone point you know if you go to
autozone you spend so much that you get
$20 they took that I'm just in debt with
everybody like like I don't care how
successful I get I'm never gonna pay my
student loans off ever I'm just always
gonna put them in deferment I don't get
[ __ ] what you guys think because I feel
like this if I'm not making money with
what I learned in school I don't owe you
[ __ ] we're even we just I'm telling
jokes I don't use that [ __ ] yes this is
my $40 I'm not giving you [ __ ]
Iola oh the University of Phoenix online
$23,000 they tricked me they told me it
was gonna be inexpensive college so it
was online I'm like [ __ ] it I'll do it
and they tricked me I only twenty three
thousand dollars for a printed diploma
that I had to print out on my own
computer
[Music]
like ladies men lovers it's 2029 or
whatever year you want to identify as
but if someone wants to leave after sex
like it might not be you it might be
there that person is to fart like very
bad name and they don't know you very
well like this girl was like why are you
trying to leave you want to stay in
cuddle for a little bit and I was like
yeah I'm a golden retriever of a human
being that would never refuse a cuddle
dibs little spoon let's do this thing
don't laugh I love to be held you know
so I got in there snuggling right in his
little spoon and I had to I realize I
had to far immediately and I don't know
if you guys know like the geometry of
little spoon but like I couldn't even
like sneak it you know I couldn't I
couldn't like fart like my feet smell
bad I don't know you know like she would
like I had to the pressure was on like
yeah so like for an hour and a half and
that's how long I lasted I like I just
like I just like held in a fart you know
you guys we've all done that before we
like let the gas like build all the way
to like the precipice of your of your
sphincter and anyway and then you suck
it up your butt tube again you guys know
that one if you're not laughing you're
[ __ ] liar yeah we can all do the old
butts up and push guns to show hey I'm a
scientist we're all designed to say you
know
so for like an hour and a half I was
just doing like flawless but sucks like
I had like just like like that was the
noise I'm sure I have a strong noble
sphincter like it didn't it didn't
betray me once you know but finally by
the end of it guys clapping by the end
of it like I like it felt like I like
swallow to water wings like I was like I
was very buoyant by the time that it was
time for me to go like I and I left
without many words like I couldn't
really talk like any whole like any
whole I opened I was just like fart out
of it
so I left her house and I got on a red
line which you know we all live here for
the most part like that's a smelly train
that was a great train to practice
farting it yeah so I was like I've been
waiting for this I earned this like let
loose butthole and I I did that thing
where you like fart like the most you
can far you guys you guys know that one
like we really like we really like to
follow through on the fire I can split
the [ __ ] uprights I feel like I got
extra credit that I didn't do yeah like
I [ __ ] my [ __ ] pants the gray there
on the train standing - I was standing
up and I wish I could say like like just
a shark but like full full blown Dookie
my god I loaded my pants like I was
wearing it depends you know and I
accidentally made eye contact with this
lady so like she knew she like she
brought would have known like she was a
veteran like she was a veteran of life
you know like she was an elderly lady
you know like she'd seen generations of
men [ __ ] is what I'm trying to say she
saw that she's like oh yeah you've just
[ __ ] your pants
it's a good healthy [ __ ] you go on
defense shoot she wasn't Australian but
she was tough enough to be you know so I
couldn't take this australians gays any
longer so so i got off the train and i
ordered an uber which yeah polite
audience pretty rude thing to do in
after this guy like and as soon as paul
like in his beautiful corolla pulled up
I cancelled it you know like which is my
mom raised me better than that but like
but we've all cancelled an uber before
but has anyone ever done it without like
looking at Paul yeah uber pulled up and
I was like I'm sorry Paul the carbon
pool I can't get in there the Corollas
immaculate like so finally I just got on
a Chicago City bus turns out that's
where I belonged the whole time they're
like you sir smell of poo welcome aboard
my new you'll find in the back there are
three more of your companions back there
coated in it you guys can share like two
and three men have poo somewhere on them
in a Chicago City roads
I think the thesis of that story because
is you guys have we've been hanging out
for a little bit I tell pretty smart
jokes they all have thesis 'as you guys
like know you talked about llamas
earlier the thesis of that joke is that
farts are the screams of trapped poo so
just listen to your body
[Music]
any married couples here or any married
humans
one guy without his wife another guy
who's calling for help
i am how's this set
two thumbs up what's up clay it's tough
you got to mix it up we have two kids
i'm like how can we step it up you know
i try role playing wife can't act
cut that out can't do a threesome
i don't need my son coming in the
morning being like who's he don't need
so i bought us a dildo yeah i say us
because that's what i thought it was
going to be us my wife is that town i'm
like i'm going to go to a shop and get a
dildo
it's a little something to spice it up
anyone ever bought a dildo
there's two kinds of shops to buy a
dildo at a nice one where they're
professional where they're like
now how is she stimulated clitorally or
is it vaginal
or you can go to the one i went to where
the guy looks like he should be working
the ring toss
at the state fair i walked into the sex
shop there were other dudes like
looking to porn
like i'm in this group now of [ __ ]
degenerates
i have nothing i just never done it you
know what i mean so i walk in i go to
this
psycho and i'm like hey man uh i'm
trying to be discreet i'm like i'm
looking to buy a little sex toy
just something i don't know maybe like a
dildo something like that
guy goes yeah i like that
i was like dude i don't need you i want
to take a shower i felt so gross i'm
like these them he's like yeah
there's like this shelf and i'm looking
at him this is a purple dildo i'm like
hey what's with this purple one
he goes oh that's the excalibur it
doesn't say excalibur anywhere on the
package
that's just what they call it around the
shop okay
he pulled it out it slammed on the count
it was so big he lifted it up
and it was a giant purple with an arm
off the side that vibrated like a cactus
it looked like a
cartoon cactus and he fires it up too
[Music]
i'm very uncomfortable i look at this
thing on the bottom
there's a thing on the bottom i look at
the guy go hey man what's this thing on
the bottom here
and it goes in that's a suction cup
and i go what the [ __ ] is that
this guy looked into my soul and was
like graphically
licked it seductively licked it and then
went
stuck it to the wall and then like david
copperfield presented it like this
[Laughter]
and i still didn't get it what's that a
coat rack i don't even know what that is
you like throw your hat on it when you
walk in the room
like i didn't get it and he goes oh no
he puts his hands on the counter and
he's like
deep like a deep knee bender she takes
him
and i'm like [ __ ] dude that's enough
i'll take it
pretty sure that's exactly what we
needed
now this was a monday my wife was out of
town till friday
i thought i should get a nice box maybe
some wrapping paper you know what i mean
i've never given a dildo before
i don't know how you do it i always
assumed it was like this
that's a fantastic joke don't even sweat
it
so i have two kids i work the week gets
away from me i forget to get a box
wrapping paper i have nothing because i
threw out the original
packaging and you can't just go you
build you can't just give her a dildo
i did have newspaper i know
i know it was a bad choice i wrapped it
up it looked like i brought a fish home
from seattle you know when they like
brought it you know
you catch it at the market that's what
it looked like just some giant fish
but i had to go with it because she was
on her way home from the airport we
catch up in the living room how was your
weekend
we do our thing and i go uh hey i got
something
got something down in the bedroom i
thought they were a little surprised oh
really i'm like oh that big deal had a
candle lit
she comes walking in she sees the
halibut laid out
she goes oh what's this i go open it up
now i'm trying to be
i think i was laying on the bed like
trying to do something sexy because i'm
like this is the time i don't know why i
thought we'd go from
hey how was your week too that's [ __ ]
dude i don't know what i thought we were
gonna do
she opens it she holds it up i think it
took two hands for her to hold it
she goes what's this and i'm trying to
be sexy you know so i'm like
that's tonight she's like what
she turns on the vibration she sees like
whoa like it's very she realizes i'm
making an effort for us to do some [ __ ]
and she's just like all right and then
she's just like kind of looking over it
and
she looks at the bottom of it you know
she goes uh
what's this on the bottom and i go uh
suction cup she goes for what
now i hadn't fought this far ahead i
just thought i thought we were gonna get
in there and all of a sudden she's like
oh folk yeah we are and just start
pounding away i don't know what now i'm
like oh i have to explain what this is
and i have never i haven't even thought
this out
all i remember was how this guy demoed
the thing
and so i just did the same thing i
didn't want to but i grabbed it
and now i'm doing the same thing
that this guy did that made me almost
throw up and i'm doing it for her
i lick it i go stick it to the wall
we have plaster walls i've never this
guy does that every day the licking
stick is his selling tactic
i've never done it it falls off the wall
vibrator turns on and it shimmies
under the belt
[Applause]
i don't know how often you sweep under
your bed
i picked it was dusty and now she's
there i'm here
i'm like blowing on a dildo the candle
went out the candle was like [ __ ]
dude honestly that's enough
[Music]
i get it cleaned off and i hand it to
her
and she just goes i don't think so baby
and i
she goes it's too big
and i got like i was let down you know i
made like a big effort here i put myself
out and i looked at her and i go
you don't like big dicks
she goes no i like average dicks like
you did
i wasn't even mad i was like you think
it's average all right
that's a c i'll take a c any day of the
week
i was mad she didn't like big dicks like
if i was in the dicks
only big dicks and i could crush you i'd
find it like oh is this your big one
crush a dick in two minutes guys like
dude stay away from lawrence
he'll [ __ ] hammer that thing
so we had sex with my average dick and
we made my beautiful
sweet caring empathetic little boy and
my uh
average little daughter hey i'm jay
larson you guys enjoy the rest of the
[Applause]
[Music]
show
so
please welcome to the stage mr josh wolf
everyone
give it up for him
uh dude i had a really bad experience
recently at the weed store
anybody anybody have their card
not you anybody you have your card right
just one person has their card just you
and you
it's a pot you guys people smoke we
raise their hands a little later than
the rest of us don't they
you smoke weed yeah
here's the deal i went into the weed
store and i hadn't anybody had the
edibles
okay so for those of you who don't know
the edibles kind of
[ __ ] you up
i did not know that so i went in
now listen something you need to know
about me is i i [ __ ] love blueberry
muffins
so i walk into the weed store and i'm
like
are those blueberry muffins i think i
was like yeah
and i said uh does that have weed in it
and he said yeah and i was like i'll
have a blueberry muffin
so my weed store has like a little area
where you can smoke and watch dvds and
[ __ ]
and i just put in chappelle season one
[ __ ] great and i'm literally
licking my fingers when the guy runs in
he goes
you didn't eat that whole muffin did you
tell me you didn't eat that whole muffin
right now all at once did you
and i was like yeah and he goes all
right listen and i'm not [ __ ] around
right now
either give me the keys to your car
or drive home right now
and i said i said what
and he goes i'm telling you leave here
right now
or prepare to be here for eight hours
i was like are you kidding me he goes
you ate that whole muffin man
he goes i own this place i would only
eat
half if i was at home i was like [ __ ]
me
he was right i was high for eight
hours that's one of those highs where
you're like
i have kids man i had to pull one of
these
i walked into the house i was like
daddy's sick don't come in the room
click and then i peek my head i was like
don't no matter what you
hear from this room do not come in here
it was bad except like an hour later i
was like
except i could use some orange juice
and I'll tell you now for those of you
who cannot make a girl laugh you bring
him to me you know I just heard you
saying you wanted me to quit the
business I was just I was walking no no
I heard wrong I wanted to give you back
the money for my appearance today
there's three bucks and I said I was
trying to get you to quit doing so much
television to more stand-up and I have
been I just wanted to say that Rodney
Dangerfield as a person that did a lot
for me personally and he had sex with my
wife
exactly my mother any time I said please
have sex with someone good even what
youth of being with my daughter okay
we'll be back it's great to have all the
people watching us on c-span
check out the new laughs a free VIP
channel with exclusive content and
full-length comedy shows for only 99
cents a month
is that your girlfriend there buddy
that's why all right congratulations man
beautiful that's a ninja in a rat look
that's a hall just [ __ ] each other right
five hundred years no whites no blacks
just khakis on the planet man listen
that's my first girlfriend's black
weeding with that dog BAM and I don't
want to say anything that's your what
but baby
you know they say once you go white your
vagina stays tight anyway that's based
on science you hate science and you hate
that joke so whatever she's [ __ ] up
because my first girlfriend was black
and that she still is um but I grew up
in a very racist area called the United
States and my dad was uh my dad's a
Republican spoiler alert
racist and he um my dad told me I swear
to this true I'm just sharing with you
guys my dad said you know bill in the
Bible God separated the races he didn't
think that white people should come in
with black people my dad told me that
it's [ __ ] up right that's weird I know
it's awkward first of all the Bible is
black and there's proof in it the Abba
Nev we're also black you know Eve was a
black woman I'm not just saying that
cause she's made from a rib no I'm not
that's not
I'm saying who she's a strong
independent woman she was in the garden
she was hungry she saw Apple she took it
give me the Apple snake wasn't a way
yeah I mean it wasn't white you know
wasn't an Asian even Asian he would have
eaten the snake Oh put some uh duck
sauce on that a serpent gonna be
delicious all students our seven to run
special number 39
ever think about like if you went back
in time you're like oh man like how
would you explain inventions of today to
like cavemen no that's like that's what
I do like I'm just sit there and I'm
like man like if you have to explain
like the car or like the plane you know
what I mean or like the TV would be
really hard the internet would be
impossible right because the internet I
don't know if you know this but 80% of
the Internet is porn 80% this guy knows
apparently um eighty percent of the
Internet is porn which means we're
wasting 20% of the internet on actual
knowledge information crazy I know why
waste it like that like people will talk
about like how it's great oh like we're
all connected now everybody's like
connected it's not true man none of that
would suck we're all isolated I think
more because we're like on our phones
like on our iPods like no one talks to
anyone anymore like YouTube like I'm
going to share like this video I made
like some cute video and the first three
comments like oh it's pretty good it's
alright next one's like this one sucks
man this guy's an idiot his mom's a
[ __ ] man I slept with his mom and his
mom's a Jew screw the Jews for the
Muslims through the blocks through the
[ __ ] I'm like any comment past a hundred
is just like this hate filled vitriol
you're like what the hell it's a video
about cats what happened
- prick why is this relevant to the
what her father's Indira Gandhi father's
in the house for the fighter just the
Mexican Cession all right cool yeah but
you know I got two teenage kids man
started young you know I got an 18 year
old just graduated high school and I got
a 16 year old she's a sophomore in high
school
I know I know I look look I'm Mexican I
was 12 when this [ __ ] went down man I'm
sorry I'm just kidding it wasn't my
fault my dad's [ __ ] right
it was my 12th birthday he came home
drunk from the bar with a girl some I
hear you called me home happy birthday I
found her at the cantina we got 30
minutes I already broke I was like what
best birthday gift ever but I got a baby
now is she I mean like what the [ __ ] ha
I'm just kidding act I'm just kidding
it's a joke people get a people weird to
get weirded out by that like like white
ladies like oh my god are you [ __ ]
serious is she like we will get like
that was a joke all right I was I was 17
when my dad did that [ __ ] I was 17 17
years old
1997 my pops was crazy minutes that's
how I raise my kids the opposite of how
my dad raised me my brother my pops was
crazy matter of like remember we're
little kids you shouldn't ten years old
yeah I don't know a lot of Mexican dads
do this I don't know if any other
fathers did this [ __ ] but 10 years oh he
smoked the Winston's in gum in the
[ __ ] living room and he's just
sitting on the couch he doesn't want to
get up so you pull out a Sigrid like me
go go to the stove and like that [ __ ]
for me and yeah me my brother had to
stall fighting for cigarettes you [ __ ]
like I got this
by the time I give it to him is like
this big is [ __ ] like taking your two
weeks later I'm feeding four squares you
should've like I wish I had a square
right now is sugar free like I just look
my father party real hard in Vanilla's
he doesn't like everything but thing was
that all my friends thought he was the
coolest [ __ ] on the block cuz I
grew up in South Side in a Mexican
neighborhood but bordered with a black
neighborhood it was like Inglewood and
back to the yards right so I had a lot
of black friends I had Mexican friends
and they all of my dad liked me your
father knows how to party Joey right so
we were like 13 14 stealing his beers
and [ __ ] he'd have a big party in the
yard he's going to the garage to smoke
weed with his friends and all my friends
thought that [ __ ] was cool
that's the coolest dude I'm a block
isn't it smoking weed and [ __ ] right and
I'm like and I'm like your punk ass dad
always calling the cops on us is [ __ ]
you let me got invited to the party but
in later that night my father would go
into the bathroom with three of his
friends the next [ __ ] would freak us out
cause it'd be in there for like 30 40
minutes right and now my friends are
gonna hey man your dad's been in the
bathroom with three dudes bro what the
[ __ ] is going on right and I'm freaking
out a little bit I'm 12 you know 13 oh
my god that's my bi is she right and I'm
trippin I'm like what are you doing
second each other's bigs in there man
don't try any [ __ ] at anything I come on
like this I'm like damn they were
sniffing each other's asses father
[Applause]
Potter all over their faces man but I
grew those like oh well that's what they
were doing in the bathroom
it's the crazy dude like that man for
room who's crazy men like used to buy us
crazy gifts and [ __ ] like you guys never
remember you guys remember the max or
Street flea market the one outside and
the old Maxwell Street you know by you I
see whatever he was to take us over
there and just buy us inappropriate [ __ ]
seriously man 13 14 years old we go over
there you know and I'm in 7th 8th grade
or something like that you know I'm like
bouncing on dick I be this cool little
bag is so cooler the baby there's no rap
tape or some [ __ ] it's like no I already
bought you something mijo bought you a
pen [ __ ] you I need a pin for write
music it's not just a pin it's also a
knife take it to school you should show
it off take it nicer school the [ __ ] is
wrong with you man you guys haven't
remember this key thing remember the
Pens were had like a chick with a bikini
and then you flip it in the liquid it
would grow up the bikini army [ __ ] P bar
is a lie guys take me I got you guys
pens for school I can't take this [ __ ]
to school Pop's [ __ ] is wrong with you
man and I got the honey when I got the
high school refresh me here like I
bought you a keychain me who I was a
keychain I don't know if you guys
remember this keychain a lot of people
used to have this back in the 90s like
it was a key chit was a brass key chain
with a naked guy at a naked girl and you
go like that and the guy was [ __ ] a
girl like that it's big because it guys
remember this it was Brian's like the
guy had a big old thing and you go like
that's it the key chain was like
he bought me they said I hate you vote
me I got you my key chain
like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you man
like they don't know I was like in
second grade when my mom was in the
hospital she had surgery so my father
was in charge of for like two weeks in
charge of waking us up making our
breakfast making our lunches and send
this to school he [ __ ] that all up man
hanging like he fell asleep at 10
o'clock at night I was I gotta go to
school today I'm like in second or third
grade I remember this [ __ ] clearly
though I had to go to school so I fell
asleep he woke me up like at midnight
Amy oh you want to watch TV like [ __ ] it
[ __ ] school I watch TV is shoot so I'm
up to like 4:00 in the morning with him
watching these old school show like
Barney Miller [ __ ] Fred sent for a
Sanford his son [ __ ] like that right and
I'm watching this and I'm starting to
fall it's 4:30 I'm falling asleep he'll
wake me back up don't go to sleep you
got to go to school in a couple hours I
get the [ __ ] is wrong with you man I'll
make you some coffee I'm like a mess we
drink coffee man and he pulls out a back
book no I can't give me
for real man and he made my lunch - I'm
Hermes like he's your lunchbox go to
school I was like oh at least he's made
me my lunch this [ __ ] right man he
[ __ ] that up because I got the school
right lunchtime I opened up my lunchbox
take out my sandwich my apple and a
Budweiser he put a [ __ ] Budweiser and
I got them crazy friends like when I
pulled it out there were like pasta
dough
hey bro we're taking sips in the
lunchroom II [ __ ] I get caught with it I
guess to spin I go home like bah I just
got suspended
you put a Budweiser in my [ __ ] line
he's like I'm sorry Miko I was hungover
and I drink all the juices the other day
ok I'm sorry your mom's in the hospital
tell me we need Capri Suns when she gets
out here it's crazy though man it's
crazy having teenage kids man like it's
kids or nothing but I'm you know I'm
glad cuz Mike my daughters are not
they're weird they're little hippies and
[ __ ] you know I mean like for it a
little hippie little feminist and [ __ ]
like they fight that you're they've got
Bernie Sanders supporters they [ __ ]
hate Donald Trump is [ __ ] I'm the only
guy in the house they hate me a lot
sometimes it [ __ ] like most of the time
they get mad like if I accidentally
leave my [ __ ] underwear on the floor
in the bathroom floor after taking a
shower there's a protest in front of the
[ __ ] bathrooms
pick up your anyway you nasty [ __ ]
man
the kicker is not the house man free but
you know smart girls real smart and [ __ ]
you know girls my youngest daughter
she's real good at math and I used to
hate trying to help her with her
homework cuz I didn't really like Matt
too much you know and she was real good
at a time when she was little she came
to me when she day yeah I got it I got
to convert these fractions to decimals
can you help me the only thing I could
think it was like [ __ ] let me go get my
scientific calculator cuz I remember I
bought one of them shits and I was like
man I paid $200 first thing I don't to
use there was I'm like I better bury me
with this [ __ ] right so I saved
it right so I went to the drum like let
me go get my scientific calculator so I
went to this little drawer where I keep
all my ship of my school and I couldn't
find it member I did find that little
scale that I used to use when I saw weed
and ice go I found that [ __ ] and I
thought about a first thing about like
nah I can't do that you know I can't be
off 3.5 times 8
and what if she takes it to schooling
look I got my dad's calculator like know
what the [ __ ] is wrong with jr. and
there's teachers gonna take it from her
and then she's gonna notice that it's
broken and I've been shorting your half
a grand for the last two or three months
[ __ ] that teachers got a smoke weed
let's try Stars
[Music]
live from Las Vegas
it's the Laugh Factory Comedy Hour the
Raj Sharma special please welcome to the
stage mr. Raj Sharda
I see your hands got tired at the exact
same time that was pretty impressive
guys stop clapping so quick you guys are
nice and [ __ ] all in the same breath
I think you're like yay now we judge I
was hoping to a Las Vegas how you guys
doing I was watching TV I saw a preview
first show some of you may have heard of
it some of you may not have I saw pretty
before a show called Amish mafia
there's militia forces first of all I
wasn't aware that the quilting business
was so cutthroat that it required the
protection of a mafia so I posted that
joke on Facebook and a buddy mine's like
hey man take that joke down you could
get in trouble so I'd like to clear it
up right here right now in front of all
you guys and say this to them
[ __ ] the Amish mafia
really I could get in trouble they live
in Pennsylvania I live in California do
you understand how long it would take
them to get here by a horse-drawn
carriage and that's assuming they
survive the winter in Nebraska and what
is that conversation like replicate
Jedediah Ezekiel the guy Roth Sharma's
talk a lot of [ __ ] about us yeah let's
go get him seven years that guy's [ __ ]
240 Arlene good for you whatever an
athlete or just big a [ __ ] for no reason
what portion it basketball no that's
right somebody's a big fan of yours over
there I played football in high school
that's what I did I played football in
high school I'm from Texas that's what
you do you play football the only
problem with me was my freshman year of
high school I was 5 3 and 96 pounds yeah
the first time I got hit I saw Jesus
which is okay for most of you but I'm
Hindu
do you realize how hard you have to be
hit to see somebody else's God
I like how about 80% of you got that
joke and then 20% of you're like he's
not Mexican only at the airport only at
the airport
I just walked right through security
this is crazy right like he's one of us
let him through
I'll find something to make you laugh
sir clearly it's nothing can you just
sit over there and let me [ __ ] laugh
for one day in my life every day you're
right [ __ ] in there I'll wake up
tomorrow you're gonna be right 33 years
nice some people are big fans of your
commitment 33 years wow that's amazing
that's where did you guys meet 33 years
ago here in Las Vegas
shut up did you hear every woman ah
that wasn't even their voices that was
their uterus oh that's like the notebook
who approached whom here in Las Vegas
where was it at or was it that 33 years
ago in Las Vegas you met at the post
office the [ __ ] were you doing at the
post office like this is where you meet
all the ladies I got a package for you
approached her you approached her at the
post are you working at the post office
you weren't the oh so this was an office
a post office romance that's so hot why
is the playroom always locked sounds
like somebody's moving furniture
cuz they're free shipping see how that
fell flat I'll take it from here if you
don't what does a [ __ ] worthy attempt
my nose I want it in your hat I
understand how it goes in your head
you're like watch this website wait
until gets white wait little gets what
what there's a free shipping your
buddies are so horribly embarrassed
right now there's like a shuttle left
them at the craps table you have kids
yes gonna tell me how many they're gonna
have to guess you're a very nice man but
you're kind of shitty all the same time
it's really hey you have kids yes
I dare you to figure it out
three kids nice were you honest with
your kids we're honest with them growing
up were you honest with your children
most the time you have to be impolite a
little bit time yeah be honest with the
kids don't do this dumb [ __ ] that
parents are doing now like you can be
anything you wanna be
no you [ __ ] can't
I was fine 396 pounds I signed up for
football not one adult stepped in not
one adult looked at me was like no
you're not built for this you're built
for the clarinet you know anything about
football goes in strings first string
second string third string I was six
straight there were four receivers let's
do some math people I'm Indian come on
I was sixth out of four people some of
you are still not getting this first
string second string third string two
empty spaces and then me because some of
you are still not getting it this is the
best way I can phrase this if there was
a footrace between me and no one I would
[ __ ] lose the saddest thing I've ever
heard human
you want them but we didn't even bring
them don't hurt huh
what's this how many people here don't
have kids so much happier than you I
love when you cheer for that [ __ ] too
well you guys spent on a babysitter
they're gonna spend on drugs and booze I
don't have any kids I don't have any
kids but if you want to know what your
significant other is gonna be like when
you do have kids do what I did guys
write it down seriously we'll help you
out the last girl I dated I bought her a
puppy know the evil in this lady came
out like she would discipline this puppy
all the time if it got on the couch I
did this and that I'm a laid-back guy I
don't give a [ __ ] she just looked at me
one day is this how you're gonna treat
our kids I was like sweetie fart can
choose on the sofa and shits on the rug
people are gonna treat him different
anyway got a pretty big year I don't
want to brown right off the bat but I'm
going to pretty big year we got arrested
him
anybody here ever been arrested before
anybody I don't know why anybody answers
that question anybody been arrested
before funky a felon right here wasn't
even supposed to leave the county but
the ankle monitor and go off so we're
good
that's Wilson [ __ ] let's play how did
you get arrested for you realize you
raised your hand huh you stand on the
fifth you did some [ __ ] horrible [ __ ]
well you're white you probably got off
kept saying it's like yep I did
and then we went on my boat that's not
really my boat I stole it but I had a
speeding ticket so nothing is weird is
yours a speeding ticket that turned into
a warrant so side note if you get one
yeah apparently they're not kidding
that's part of my story
true story I got arrested on April
Fool's Day yeah let me tell you
something about that they should never
arrest anybody on April Fool's and if
they do you should get more than one
phone call
it took you a second but you got some of
you will get that joke later so you look
at somebody in this room is going to be
sitting in a blackjack table at 3
o'clock in the morning like [ __ ] I got
it and it's gonna be you man that's very
sweet but it's gonna be they didn't get
it all that was very sweet why don't you
just call back is your husband here yes
the guy that you just put the guy you
just pointed out yep that one my
boyfriend's at home but this is my
husband how long have you guys been
married you're not married hold on this
side of the room just turned into a mori
audience oh no that's not right she's
all spin up you don't know me you don't
know me you guys are just dating yeah no
y'all just [ __ ] are you real
chief did you get that [ __ ] tell me
you got that on camera that's no you
guys this [ __ ]
I love Las Vegas she gave me a Facebook
like poking all the time what did you
guys how long you guys been just doing
your thing nine years [ __ ] you I mean I
don't mean it like that
that's [ __ ] alarm you in any way look
at him you gotta you gotta [ __ ] scare
don't don't say funky to him yeah oh my
god he just said [ __ ] you that guy ah
that's just one out of here [ __ ] who
cares that's just fun nine years how do
you do that good would you like to share
the secret no should you like can you
like run out like a hotel banquet room
and like have us all pay like $24.99 to
listen to you speak on how to do this
what are you what are you married before
to somebody else that was what my
question was so did I block out for a
minute what happened
I love you guys keep drinking tea Britta
I love being Indian I did I love being
Indian I'm just glad I don't have the
accent that's why we have arranged
marriages no it's true because it's
really sensible parents like listen
nobody's gonna me to your daughter with
that accent and nobody's gonna many my
son with his so I just put them together
because you can't pick up chicks with
that we all know that you can't pick up
chicks with that accent like the British
accent women love right
yep see everybody in here six yeah look
at her son whoo do one see what happens
just do it it's true man the British
accent gets it all the time my buddy
Ricky's got the British accent and women
[ __ ] Oh anywhere and it can happen in
any moment we're gonna bar one time I
thought lady walk something excuse me do
you have the time he goes yeah half past
eight she was like what did you just
call a 38 and they later started [ __ ]
it was the weirdest thing Indian accent
you can't pick up chicks at my buddy
Karthik is one of my best friends in the
world I love him to death but he still
likes to go out to bars and pick up
chicks and he has the accent I wish I
could bring you guys with me the next
time we go out cuz it's the funniest
thing you've seen in your lifetime
no this random we walk up to women at
bars villain me oh you look so hot I
mean mind-blowing hot you look I mean I
purchase you a drink I'm I did you just
say purchase game over Carson that's
game over
would you guys mid hospital that sounds
weird oh are you a doctor okay you're
just like the rome hospital checking out
it was like I'd like to go to hospitals
and wrote songs for ass see what happens
somebody needs to get on this stat for
robbing a pen yeah she was a teacher
you're a student yes this is getting
really good how did you approach her
professor he went with them okay okay
didn't realize you guys knew them I was
like we just went out with them who are
they no idea no clue how did you ask her
out it doesn't happen that's a neutral
[ __ ] no one [ __ ] I hate when
people well it was mutual
really u-boat just started walking up to
each other clothes were coming off and
he started to [ __ ] each other like
wow that's exactly what I wanted to do
haha you can call this mutual Indian
people are everywhere we're taking over
we are taking over doctors lawyers
engineers we just filled one more
category I'm not making this up US News
and World Report decided a growing
epidemic epidemic of Indian gangs yeah
with you two I'm like really
Indian gangs like what's that like like
for out-of-work computer engineers
pouring gap genes driving around in a
used Toyota Camry like West Side New
Delhi [ __ ] see a mess up the easiest
thing in the world like a drug deal you
see that I love that idea like an Indian
gang and a drum you like what do you got
for me man what do you got
oh I'm not paying retail for that but I
have a coupon so this one Aryan growing
up who disciplined you brewing up who
was the disciplinarian when you were
growing up was your mom your dad your
dad who moved for you no no how many
people how many people here brown round
of applause got beat by your mom how
many good without booze what was the
weapon of choice what she is her hand
old-school like it was good and anybody
got black people
oh what a cuckoo stick no nothing he's
like I don't know
I can't see you you can't see me cuckoos
think is like I don't know I want to ask
but I can't what is a cuckoo stick oh
you're from Barbados well say that first
don't throw cuckoo stick out there like
we all [ __ ] know what you're talking
about now you know the cuckoo stick no
from Barbados oh [ __ ] me for being
stupid
I don't even these been married dude is
that what the [ __ ] is a cuckoo stick
this bitch's cuckoo that's what she did
what cut is it what explain what a coup
Kristen oh oh oh crust yeah bye let's
[ __ ] the hottest accents so that's
another accent that's good that's a good
one the [ __ ] Barbados the Islands oh
that's a good accent wanna go on go [ __ ]
no one put my penis in your mouth
all the white girls I guess put your
penis in my mouth that means what you
get big men what you get ya huh
a belt old-school I like it anybody ever
get the extension cord see it's always
black people and brown people it's an
extension cord and their face lit up
like Christmas and then I look at white
people like well that's abuse
like we called it Tuesday
anybody I hear have immigrant parents
anybody have fares from a different
country
yeah were they from Mexico who said
California I was I would expect him to
say California free shipping I would
expect for him to yell out California
not somebody sober from Mexico very cool
so you may know this thing you may know
this when you have immigrant parents and
you grew up here right okay so when you
have immigrants and you grow up here at
some point you end up teaching them
things as opposed to them teaching you
things right you know I'm talking about
I'll give you an example like my mother
didn't know how to flip anybody off
she didn't ice already till the day she
died she had no idea how to give anybody
the middle finger we were driving one
time lady cut her off in traffic hit the
brakes looked at my mom and went in to
which my mother responded with Oh
I don't what the [ __ ] was that
so then she gave me one thing that I
gave her all five can't make that story
up and that's a very typical Indian
household very simple Indian house it
like okay like my dad is one of those
guys that states the obvious but thinks
he said the most intelligent thing ever
right like you might have something like
that your family like I was talking to a
couple weeks I was like dad I got some
bad news my buddy Jason is getting
divorced he's okay I'll tell you right
now
something must have happened
like this slowdown Sherlock Holmes I
don't I don't want you cracking the case
too soon that's why I'm glad he wasn't a
detective could you imagine that Ed
Sharma what do we got homicide siding
Jesus how do you think it happened I
think they Canada what do you think did
it
duck in that they would be right every
time my mom was the exact same way my
mom was the exact same way like she she
meant to say one thing one way said it
another ruined the conversation right
this is a true story happened about four
years ago I am NOT making one word of
this up are you ready here we go there's
an Indian girl she wanted me to meet
right she's trying to tell me how pretty
she is now she meant to say is as pretty
as a china doll but this is what she
says word for word
she was not you should really meet this
girl she is so pretty she looks like one
of those rubber dolls
so I look at her go mom you mean you
mean china doll china doll rubber dolls
same thing no no it's not no it's not
because in my head all I see is this
watch this is some Geeta Ohio I would
have loved to have met her too right
just for the follow-up questions so what
did you think about her she seemed
giving so much had a really open
personality well then she blew me off
that was kind of way
now I figured out what kind of weird
[ __ ] you're into post office I figured
it out
don't think I couldn't see it yeah
[ __ ] freaky bastard to watch the
special
laughs factory presents live from Las
Vegas city of entertainment
it's the Tim Kaden special
please welcome to the stage the
extremely funny from Kansas Tim gay gay
dudes in Hollywood - I got no problem
with I figure the more good-looking guys
were attracted other good-looking guys a
better shot I've got some of my
neighbors are gay and that kind of
concerns me [ __ ]
what if they convert me but gay guys are
smooth where they come knocking on my
door I'm lonely depressed far from home
out of paxil come knocking like a couple
of Mormon hello we just like to speak to
you about our lifestyle like you would
huh all right what the hell come on in
start out slow my apartments cleaner
than I'm dressing neater next thing you
know I'm sucking Peter speed good time
and remind you these are just jokes
being gay is not a choice every people
say that [ __ ] they choose that lifestyle
you don't choose to be gay you're born
that way like my friend's kid is gay he
doesn't know it yet but I do he's only
seven but all the signs are there we
were watching the Super Bowl and for no
reason he goes
yesterday the neighbor was washing his
truck with his shirt off I was like what
he goes just saying my buddy's like yeah
I don't know man he just says that [ __ ]
comes out of nowhere it's not from
nowhere it's from a gay place to watch
the full-length special go to YouTube
video on demand
you
because the men get nervous they really
are men get nervous when you get near
the Family Jewels that and by the way I
don't know what guy came up with that
name for that part of our Anatomy the
family jewels I mean it's not like your
wife has a beautiful evening gown on
honey going out tonight would you like
to wear my balls around your neck
but it's a sensitive area for us in
baseball alone if you know there's not
in 1871 in baseball men start wearing
the cup to protect the family jewels in
1970 when it became mandatory in
baseball to wear a helmet
it took men 100 years to realize the
brain is important also
[Applause]
women are always saying you men couldn't
stand the pain of childbirth you women
have no idea the pain of childbirth you
could understand that pain men could get
pregnant they won't want disability from
the moment of conception I couldn't
stand that pain women have no idea the
pain a man experiences when he gets a
good swift kick in the nuts you know I'm
talking about guy because I have heard
women a year after childbirth say it
might be nice to have another baby
[Applause]
have you ever heard a man say might be
nice to have another good swift kick and
her nuts
[Applause]
this is my voice by the way I sound like
Optimus Prime [ __ ] the strip club DJ
Transformers roll out on a human Teufel
one coming up next y'all this is my
voice man my [ __ ] boys yep
I used to be a strip club DJ too though
but like like I was recruited like
somebody literally heard my voice hoon
was like dude I got you I know what
you're doing for a living
cuz I be like what else could I do with
this voice you know I'm saying like if I
did IT tech support I would creep you
out like look if she called IT it was
like something's wrong with my computer
all none of the files will open and I
reply back girl you need to defragment
your hard drive clean them out girl
don't worry I'll sit here quietly
breathing huh it's my voice man
I was strip club DJ I didn't have to
fake the voice you know you go to a
strip club they're always doing that
strip club DJ voice I got back downtown
tickets out little buddy Nick both about
how helpful cilantro yo
no I got do that I just say all right
bows go in the back and get your dick
mushed
never really beat an ignorant gay guy
now you never be the gig I was like I
only love three things my truck my gun
and dick you never hear that you know
and I had a guy said to me once hey Mark
you like gays so much but what if he had
a gay son I wouldn't mind having a gay
son
having a gay sons like finding a french
fry and your onion rings you know you're
like well it's not what I expected but I
like these two yeah oh boy oh boy
I'll tell ya homophobia that's a weird
one honey homophobes here I I did some
shows in Boston recently I'm starting
this guy after the show I told about a
friend of mine who's gay this guy goes
you have a gay friend I wouldn't even
shake a gay man's hand I was like Jesus
Christ why not he goes nobody dicks are
on that hand I was like well yeah shoot
my hand he okay with my dick is a lot of
interaction between the two
yeah Wow that is terrible logic you know
well such as a lot of dicks women yeah
man they put them all over you're
screwed I just got an email from a hot
gay guy that's hot gay guy email me
gorgeous gay man smoking hot what a
bummer I'm not gay this guy's at ten all
right a hot gay guy having a crush on
you it's kind of like finding a million
pesos you know you're like well I can't
do much about this now but once I cross
that line I'll be set
[Music]
I really I commend you all for paying
such close attention to the show tonight
I haven't seen anyone on their phones or
anything like that that's you know I
mean because nowadays people are just
constantly you know I go to concerts
people don't even watch the show anymore
people take pictures the whole time and
tweet now I get mad I look over my like
we paid 50 bucks to see Kelly Clarkson
let's enjoy the show why what are we
doing you know and everyone's everyone's
like everyone feels they have to express
themselves everyone's so proud of
themselves I'm not then we do your post
but you know guys try to be funny
I can picture when you type in your
little things you're like this is gonna
blow up watch let me get like eight
comments for weird women try to be
inspirational that's the woman right
it's like I'm changing lives right now
this is this is changing lives it's
always something dumb like never make
someone a priority who only thinks
you're an option yeah it's like I got a
buddy he wrote a poem put on his
Facebook page
I love poem yeah
fail not a good idea yeah yeah not a
good move and it wasn't a good poem at
all and it was to a married woman is the
thing en I do what are you doing like
sent her a message say who taught you
how to creep like what's going on it was
so bad when I read this poem my first
thought I was going to take a break
apply to grad school take out student
loans right get him to a grad school
study my ass off get all A's right get a
master's degree in computer science move
up to the Bay Area get a job at Facebook
just so I could delete his account I was
going to do all of that just everything
cuz I understand why you want to tell
people things I get it for I get you
know you want to say oh this is what
happened you know whatever what I don't
get is why do people care that's that's
what we encourage this behavior that's
the crazy like go home tonight type
anything on your Facebook page just type
type I like almonds and eight other
people will like it yeah I like almonds
- actually could call any almonds doing
no he's right about that almonds are
delicious some but someone had the
courage to say it actually why is that
acceptable leave here tonight after the
show on sunset you start walking up on
people saying I like almonds and they'll
arrest you is what will happen you guys
are great I'm doing burgers thank you
very much
it's tough out here man in the industry
pursuing and you know pursuing something
the industry man it's tough you know
like I see a lot of homeless people I
haven't judged homeless people like I
had an audition a couple of weeks ago in
Santa Monica and a hammerhead shot so I
was walking past walk past his home was
doing his friend Whole Foods and he was
like good luck on your audition now look
I was like thank you homeless man yeah
got lost
what pass the homeless dude again he was
like are you looking for the place to go
audition I was like yeah he was like oh
just go across the street go to that
building Goldstein's is gonna be the
first door on your left and I looked at
I'm gonna say well you mean 20 years ago
I'm looking at my future you know and it
makes you think cuz that's why I don't
judge homeless people in Hollywood I
don't like when you see these homeless
people talking to themselves they are
not crazy
they were not it was just one audition
away from being a star or being a
homeless it may be and get that audition
so now he's not walking around talking
to themselves they'll walk around going
over that one monologue that they had in
that audition that they didn't get [ __ ]
I should have said it like that I
probably would have booked it out
probably
[Music]
I do like being out of the house I got I
got a family so it's always nice to
leave and that sounded worse than it is
but I you know I got some old kids and
it's funny when your kids start doing
[ __ ] to you that you did to your father
like that is really an interesting time
like I had this conversation with my son
I remember I had this and I called him
into my room one day I go hey man and he
goes what's up I said gee you know that
vodka doesn't freeze and he said I
didn't know that oh yeah did you know
that water does and he said I did know
that I go really then why is my vodka
frozen you dumbass like what why do I
have a popsicle in my freezer
look we all stole booze from our parents
right we also boozed my parents but at
least I was creative about it I used to
put apple juice on the patio for two
weeks right so would ferment so when I
put it back in my dad's bottle it
smelled like whiskey to this day my
dad's like man I can't drink that
whiskey it gives me the shits
so I told my son I was like doesn't man
I can't have you stealing things from
you want to know what something tastes
like you're old enough we can sit down
with every gonna taste it and he was a
coconut beer before and I said okay so I
went out and I bought us a case of beer
and I was sitting there like a look at
this well like gentlemen we're having a
beer together and and most important
thing is we're safe right buddy lesson
number one is you never drink and drive
and then I got him buh ping shit-faced
right he would finish a beer I'm like
shotgun he's like what's shotgun glue
glue glue right I murdered him all right
and he oh and he passed out on the
ground yeah so so I shaved one of his
eyebrows and then I drew a dick on his
cheek right here cuz you never pass our
first stupid welcome the world daddy
loves you just try to teach him one
lesson at a time my friends you know
what I mean I'm only one man I'm only
one man
I don't believe in science I just like
it's I kind of understand it so it's
easier not to believe in it it's just
it's a quick hey they could be making
stuff up
you know I read that they said like
cockroaches are like 350 million years
old and it's like are they or do you
know I don't know how to go figure that
out because that's what I think you're
doing I think you know that I wouldn't
even have a clue to start to figure that
out or want to so you just throwing
numbers out at me and I just go alright
I guess that's what they told y'all in
school Pluto's not a planet it's not
gonna plant it for a while that's how
long I've been out of science because
once they did that they're like like you
can't jam Pluto down my throat my whole
life
and then I would not get out of school
you like we were just kidding about
Pluto that affected me you know like in
elementary school I gotta see because I
forgot to put Pluto and turns out I
should have got above an a that's what I
should have got I should have probably
been teaching the class because I nailed
it years ago that's I never believed in
Pluto so said it's too far I go you guys
we'll see ya I just went to Honduras
recently I had like have no idea where
Honduras was that what did a USO tour
there's troops there that's where it's
going down next and that's what they
told me so don't bring I wouldn't say
anything about it but it's pretty
low-key
but it's going you know just let it
happen that's I went there I was at the
airport I told the guy was like hey I'm
going to Honduras he was like what city
I was like I'm just learning right now
that's not the name of the city so
I don't know wherever people go I'll and
a guy picks us up he's driving us to the
army base he's giving us like a rundown
of everything and he was like look you
got a there's a couple things you got to
look out for when you go to bed at night
you gotta check her bed for spiders cuz
uh they hide him there so he's basically
just like you're not going to sleep and
then he's like there's a lot of snakes
too so when you walk around just keep an
eye out for snakes and I was like all
right that makes sense but he goes if
you get bit by a snake the best thing to
do then is just go ahead and catch the
snake and bring it with you so then we
know what snake Binion that's what like
and I was like there's no way there's no
way that's what you're supposed to do
I've watched Animal Planet I've never
seen someone get bit and then it's like
they gotta kick I gotta catch it now
like it's like that's not a show on
Animal Planet it would be on Animal
Planet I was like I'm not gonna do that
dude I've never caught a snake in my
life and you want me to get bit and then
I get a good together and catch a snake
for the first time it's like it's not
gonna go good he's gonna keep biting me
that's all that's gonna happen
and he goes it doesn't matter you've
already been bent and I was like you
even know what a snake is it completely
matters there's a huge difference
between one bite and probably 30 bytes
which is what we will be in if I try to
catch this snake who told you this is
snake is that me whose side are you on
and I love my older people I love older
women where the Cougars that make some
noise Cougars wait yet
Thank You Missy doing a name nation
thank you miss go ahead a cougar a lot
of women don't know dead Cougars are not
ladies as an age limit if you like 40 to
like 55 you considered a cougar but if
you're 80 years old you a Snow Leopard
you're not a [ __ ] cool give me that
cigarette even talk to this young man
right here miss pearl got something for
your ass I met a lady named Miss pearl
in the cruise ship I was performing on a
cruise ship and she she was literally
the white lady man little crippled lady
had little a little walk and everything
she loved you know she loved like me she
had a walker trying to show me her ass
every time she seen me hey baby and
somewhere there's original candy in my
stateroom if you want to come back
No thank you miss pearl you can keep
that as baby I'm gonna pick up your
tennis ball it fell off you walk up miss
pearl
don't get your tennis ball when you have
the pressure in Life Alert bracelet you
guys are gonna Khrushchev anybody
anybody everybody this oh don't a
cruise-ship madness everybody's the
minimum to get on the cruise you got to
be in your early thousands you go to the
camp for two you see the little hover
rounds got the VIPs you get this part
right out front I was performing
ownership in my first show was hilarious
I walked out on the stage as a guy
laying in a hospital bed with oxygen
team he heckle in the [ __ ] on me
[Music]
you better be funny so I gotta be
hilarious this is last comedy show right
here I gotta kill this literally it's a
lot of pressure on me sir I was on that
boat for like four days straight to him
look at the otter brochures trying to
figure out what to do when I get off the
boat
I see nude beach never been to a nude
beach you know I was visualized I think
is go beyond the six exotic women
walking Nikki got heels on at the beach
I don't know why they got heels on my my
just sexy grabbing the titties with that
sexy language I couldn't wait to get off
their boob man I didn't know miss pearl
is gonna be out there with her titties
dragging in the sand
hey baby
miss pearl you Nicolino she go get your
nibble miss pearl
[Music]
like rap music but it used to be real
cool man like hardcore now it's all
[ __ ] right like the fog Manny used to
be scary like you put it on and be like
you're probably gonna die by the end of
this song you were just like oh but keep
it on though we'll see what happens yeah
you're not gonna make it it's gonna be
three minutes and then you gonna kill ya
you [ __ ] you I'll do this [ __ ]
dopey [ __ ] huh
yeah yeah I was all [ __ ] like you got
Drake what the [ __ ] is now don't say no
you're all listening to him everybody
says the girls love him he'll just right
right there
you know just he's so emotional man when
the rap become that he'll just make a
song that's just like oh I'm crying in
and that's it that's a song just about
how he's got oh my god I'm trying so
hard
whoa-ho-ho I can't stop crying in my
shower what the [ __ ] that's not cool man
I'm so hard crying in my shower that's
gay that's so gay I'm so gangster and
I'm crying in my shower
you can't fade me yeah yeah I can fade
you I can fade you a crime like you
don't think about it how not gangster
easy just ha ha ha ha
crying so hard yeah drink we'll just do
that to in the middle of a rap is the
only music where you can just go yeah in
the middle of your job and it's cool
it's part of it you know you can't do
that at like Crate & Barrel you know I
mean you imagine just yeah let me ring
up these parts and you got the pants
yeah okay cool
he'll be like yo you kept me we're gonna
talk to you you have to rest syndrome
you can't be here anymore
you're scaring the customers you gotta
leave and then you're fired and you go
home and you're cryin naked in the
shower
oh-ho-ho you can't pay me you can't pay
me at Crate and Barrel also the worst
thing about Drake I listened to his
music so shut up but the worst thing I
like it but the worst thing it's good it
sounds good but [ __ ] you you know I'm
talkin about cuz here's what like you're
like you're going along with it but then
he'll brag
you'll make us feel bad about [ __ ] that
he's bragging about which is a mind farm
because that makes no sense I know you
guys like what the hell you're talking
about
well I'll show you he'll be like oh my
god how am I supposed to keep my dick
hard in this girl's mouth this morning
when I had sex with a different girl
last night and you're like oh man life
must be hard for him and you're like
what no you catch yourself like this
guys getting laid all the time
[ __ ] that dude I can't find my ball eggs
I've been looking looking all day in my
Jaguar I can't find it in my mansion
it's somewhere in my mansion maybe it's
in my shower that's all I was wearing
when I was crying
leave you with this I hope that uh I
hope that the people who are upset right
now are wrong about what might happen I
you know hope that it turns out okay
I don't know if it will but I but I do
hope so I hope we don't root for failure
you should never root for failure I've
dealt with a lot I've dealt with a lot
my whole life I've dealt with a great
deal of racism my whole life because my
sister is black she's adopted which is
the part that you just figured out when
I told you she was black I feel like
it's smart enough crowd I don't think
anyone's like I need more information
like clearly we're not biologically
right I'm getting sunburned from the
stage lights but I tell people have a
black sister they don't know how to
react sometimes they will congratulate
me like I won her at a carnival at some
point like like anyone's that good at
skeeball is I didn't possible like know
anything from the top shelf what a great
day
I'll take the black sister or the
spongebob I have not decided yet you
know what give me the black sister think
of a street cred but I'm not doing that
I love my sister she taught me not to be
racist at an early age and that is a
wonderful lesson to learn because how am
I going to grow up to be racist grow up
talk to some racist guy be like you know
what I can't stand black people either
because they always read my diary it's
told a roomful of strangers I keep a
diary but before you judge me let me
just point out if you were a white
Jewish kid with a black sister you'd
start writing [ __ ] down to okay just
keep some notes
man I don't like making a lot of Asian
jokes man we get made fun of all the
time right like we're the only minority
we get made fun of all we're still in
the room right
no no one hesitates no envelope people
just go right into Asia guys smelly fish
man I was at the store this guy walks it
no offense man anyway the Asian guy it's
like what the hell no one does that with
black people right what makes a black
joke Shh
a man is a black guy right there he's
gonna beat her ass to start a March or
some [ __ ] Asian jokes no one cares man I
go to comedy shows every night I'm
standing the back way no go on a
comedian makes an Asian joke what does
the whole crowd do turn the left right
my face haha he's telling about you but
you do get a small dick you guys hear
that story about a Jeremy Lin and the
[ __ ] in the armor Fiasco on espn.com a
few months ago right you guys remember
them for guys who don't know Jeremy Lin
plays basketball for the New York Knicks
he's asian-american dude did you just
boo the Knicks or him being an
asian-american boom I'm racist I don't
care about basketball
all right that's cool all right so he's
a basketball player anyways so there was
a headline they put a picture of him
after the Knicks lost the game and then
they wrote the headline [ __ ] in the
armor and blah blah blah right a lot of
Asians were pissed off because they're
racist now if you watch basketball a lot
they use that phrase pretty commonly but
I so there's it's a gray area whether
they are intentionally trying to be
racist or not because first of all let's
be honest ESPN is owned by Disney it's a
very PC organization I don't think
anyone there is that racist that they're
like I'm not gonna get fired over this
[ __ ] watch this ha ha ha
like you got to know you're gonna get
fired if you do that right but I
understand it made a lot of people mad
that's cool take it down
ok but a lot of my Asian friends are
like nah man you shouldn't be even
allowed to say that phrase in public
because it might make Asians feel
uncomfortable because it's racist I'm
like yeah but if the phrase isn't
inherently racist and they're like you
can't say it at all I'm like ok is that
what you want to do too ok fine don't
say [ __ ] in the armor in front of Asian
people don't say spill the beans in
front of Mexican people don't say that
was a cheap shot in front of Jewish
people don't say raise the roof in front
of homeless people right
don't say look a gift horse in the mouth
in front of Sarah Jessica Parker don't
say it's not over to the fat lady sings
in front of it down like don't do these
things
okay I'm warning you guys you know
some things are changing right now I
don't know if you noticed but pants for
men are getting tighter and tighter I
did not choose these pants this is what
they're selling these are the extra
baggy some guys were just holding out
they're still wearing the cargo pants so
like I'm not doing it I'm leaning that
direction I want the cargo pants back
ladies you want stylish but guess what
cargo pants are ugly but men's pants
should be ugly they're functional when I
wasn't growing up in the 90s I had more
pockets than I had belongings I had
those Abercrombie & Fitch cargo pants
just big bag if there were pockets on
the outside of the pockets right and I
was a good guy for a woman we were
better boyfriends and husbands back that
your girl bet babe can you hold my
lipgloss feel like yeah I got a pocket
for that we were like a tackle box right
babe my keychain with the stuffed animal
yeah right there no problem goddess
moisturizer I got tampons what do you
need I got it I have a pharmacy in my
pants we're good really we don't gotta
go to CVS we can do my pants we got
right I was a young man I have more
pockets than belongings
I moved from one apartment to the other
everything was in my pants i big-screen
TV futon everything and now these little
things these I can't fit it I can barely
fit what's in here in these pants yes
men when they put on skinny jeans have
to decide early that day what side their
dicks gonna go which side their balls
because it's gonna be like that for the
rest of the day can you gotta alternate
every other day you're gonna get a cramp
okay they're too tight
one two stole my identity he read my
credit-card number through my pants
I hate this crap man give me the cargo
pants back
give them back dude yes bring it back
because you know what at the end of the
night at the end of night if the date
goes well okay guys we know this ladies
you've been wearing tight pants for
three or four decades so the end of the
night date goes well she jumps on the
bed she's like I just want to warn you I
barely got these islands so these might
be a little tough you just have to we're
like whatever and they're on because we
have upper-body strength we do a forward
motion and everything the socks come off
the underwear your shave now cuz we're
like those magicians that pull the
tablecloth but everything stays right
there but with us these just came out
ladies you cannot get us out of these
pants yeah I had that I was I was like
come on get along and she's like I'm you
have to point your toes cuz I can't and
I'm like just pull from the ankle boom
she's like flip over I'm like really are
you just you ready this is weird getting
over my hips first come on what's taking
so long
she's like I just can't I'm like you're
making me feel fast ah she took so long
I got a headache I said go home I don't
want to do this in
go high change my money and all Daisy
into cargo pants you just took off your
belt and just jumped out those my weight
of your belongings bring them to the
floor
[Music]
they don't send me with girls anymore
they sent me with other guys in their
lives who've recently gotten divorced to
like hang out with me like on a play
date like I take a station I call my
friend days ago I can't go but uh you
should call my accountant Bell you just
got divorced so I'm like I'm not I'm not
going on with your stranger account
sooner don't bills a good guy give him a
shot like all right let me see his
picture
thanks to an off bill he's a good guy
actually went to visit with my friends
in the suburbs and he's just like we're
sitting in his car and he's just like I
don't know what you're waiting for
apologetic he had a good run give up
like give up that's how you're selling
marriage and I look in the front seat of
his minivan and uh he's got a 6-pack of
those tube top stocks with the blue and
yellow stripes that go up to here I'm
like give up look what you're wearing he
goes no no no man I don't wear those
that's what we call silencers here in
Elgin have you guys ever heard this so
my friend Nick can't masturbate in his
house with his wife and three kids so he
goes on the highway with three hundred
thousand strangers
and takes care of himself and the sock
acts as a silencer and a gun to catch
the mess yeah let's get married right
but the best part of that story for me
is he could have just said yeah I wear
those like
why admit to something way worse and
criminal that's like me saying Oh Nick I
see up cigarettes what are you smoking
no no hooker left it was last night
she's dead now
I think I see you have golf clubs in the
back what do you think no no no I beat
my wife and kids with that [ __ ] also
hide in the dead hooker and he said we
call them silent service that means
there's a group of men in Elgin
driving on i-94 jacking
[Music]
you know I decided I'm going big meaty
forever
I'm never gonna work a regular job never
working a regular job again so I cuddle
with drunk I could smoke weed I have to
do nobody managing me I loved it I don't
know how y'all get up and go to a job
every day I don't know how you do it
they can never per hour me salary me
again for the rest of my life no you
keep reality nor how is the worst thing
you know where every per hour job they
break your spirits they try to break
your experience they do it and we tell
my all the pearls of it you know that
some people's value you can't you can't
value yourself in our some people making
a drink per hour right now some y'all a
drink some people's per hour right now
he'll tell you to drink for four hours
tonight you can't pronounce me man my
hours are different you know me my hours
of the day are way different like my
morning hours you came back there [ __ ]
them that those are the prices hours I
believe in myself I'm so Brazil
you came bad him but after my break at
two o'clock all the miles for sale like
a mother whoa you can I'm on Instagram
I'm not paying attention I'm not off it
means I'm just saying they break your
spirits with a job they break your
spirit said the first process of a job
did job application that's what he break
your spirit it you haven't fill it all
your information then we got this little
ass slips under their little slip they
got this word desired salary that's
where they break you it right there I
can't fit for me $895,000 zero that is
my desire Saturday I wanna make so many
dollars so I can work four hours a year
two hours
three I'll break that another two out
and be done that's what I desire I want
to make twenty million dollars a year
and one day that's what I [ __ ] desire
don't ask me what I desire like loving
that were a desired salary you asked me
to dream and reach for the stars I can't
put that in a purse oh how dare you
[ __ ] [ __ ] no they know how much
they gonna pay you right they know with
the job you might so say you know we
hiring for this it pays that boom but
not they want you to check against
yourself they want you to challenge
yourself like you know what I know it
I'm worried but I do want to get hired
so let me put the least amount I can
live off of the least acceptable
responsibility am I so I could get hired
when you come in they know petty ass
[ __ ] hey you shouldn't avocation how I
never thought about this what the hell
got my job history got to do the job I
got tomorrow
don't ask me [ __ ] about my former
employers okay
they are former employers all right all
you know I can start work tomorrow and
it's automatic yes so that's so childish
and petty like it's like coming into a
new relationship I work and I call your
ex-girlfriend and see if this is gonna
work out what else I got I'd like her
and so I achieve the light so you can
use yeah how you gonna call me a girl
for you know what the [ __ ] was going on
you went in there they want your
information can we contact them I can't
say these hate [ __ ] don't
understand extended breaks don't call
them
I'm just saying cuz I had to get a job
to something I had to get a job and uh
it was tough trying to figure out what
you had as an adult where you fit into
work market you know some people got
businesses some people got salary career
jobs you know I didn't get I had that I
had to pick a job that I get hired for
so I had to work as a waiter at a
popular breakfast spot pancake house on
whatever it was and uh waiters make a
lot of little money for the quick hustle
from 6:00 to 2:00 o'clock you make 200
$300 on a good day I thought it's pretty
simple you take the play from here and
you hand it over there you know and your
hand on a menu and they look at the menu
and pick out what they want if they ask
me so what's in this meal we look at the
menu together and read his rights he
ain't got bell peppers and omelette it's
not that complicated if you look down
and read right you answer me what you
gotta taste for this is your taste you
hear I just can't you whatever you ask
for don't ask me to pick it for you
[Music]
but you know we make fun of people here
anybody on stage dead people handicapped
[ __ ] it you know handicapped people some
of them can be very rude yeah see I was
shopping you more a few weeks ago I got
a wheelchair for no reason came and run
over my foot
I said why did you do that he said tough
[ __ ] so I'm no fool right I knew he had
no feeling some ways down so I kicked
him in his chest
you [ __ ] [ __ ] well I you know yours
ring a peacemaker did i right it was
nighttime what he thought right I'm
gonna gotta party recently he was deaf
deaf I say you're deaf that's a handicap
he said no I can read lips he said to me
what's your name I said gum
why do deaf people have names
so where's the [ __ ] time isn't it I
think all deaf people should be called
Hey
I used to always get in trouble as a kid
I'd always get in trouble with my mom
she'd always catch me whenever my mom
would catch me and always fake cry to
try to get out of trouble but that would
never work because my mom would always
be like hey you keep it up and I'll give
you something to cry about like that was
her big mom threat I wanted to call her
Bluff you guys I was curious
I was like what kind of punishment can
my mom give me that's literally gonna
make me cry let's see my mom make me cry
so nine o'clock was my bedtime I stayed
up until 9:30 playing Super Mario
Brothers on Nintendo let's see if she
gives me something to cry about and she
did my parents got a divorce so now I'm
a comedian and they do the thing that
all parents do it like you know what we
love you so much our divorce has nothing
to do with you they said that but I knew
hey 9 o'clock is bedtime okay your guys
bless and learn that's on me that's my
fault okay
9 o'clock in bed put the Mario Brothers
away you're not gonna see your dad that
much anymore all right you guys that's
how bad time works so funny guys guys
don't feel sorry for me it's a Wednesday
Late Show here don't come believe you
got sad on that one
it's okay relax my mom got remarried
okay she got me a stepdad named Gary
which of course is the name of every
single step that of all time right every
step that is a white conservative
middle-aged man named Gary it's for sure
when Gary's turn 37 they just give them
families like that's just how that works
yeah Gary's love divorced moms you guys
Gary's love it
Gary's are on youporn typing and divorce
mom's like that's their thing Gary's
love it but think about it everybody
it works out it's kind of cool because
Gary's are safe solid reliable guys like
it Gary's never gonna go to the club and
cheat on you a Gary's never drinking too
much and hurting you like it Gary's a
solid family saver if your family's
falling apart at the seams
you get yourself a Gary he's gonna save
that family you guys okay are there any
Gary's in here now oh they're out there
saving families you guys okay all right
round of applause for all the Gary's in
the world doing the Lord's work thank
you ladies thank you guys I love my Gary
you're laughing you know you have a
friend with a stepdad named Gary right a
hundred percent everybody does everybody
does I love my Gary it's hard to talk to
don't have much in common with them I
like to connect with one person and then
just really drive it home but no I
thought about the reason why every
single said that his name Gary is
because no young hot woman is excited to
marry a Gary at her first wedding right
like that second or third wedding [ __ ]
okay when you're young you're gonna take
risk you're gonna try out a Blake or a
Seth or a Pablo whatever you're into I
don't know but then reality strikes okay
Blake is mean to you Seth cheats on you
and Pablo likes guys okay everybody
that's a divorce that's a divorce
second wedding a little older a little
wiser you know what this time I'm gonna
play it safe I'm gonna get myself a Gary
he's got a great pension plan at the
office he saved up a lot of vacation
days that's just a really good move
that's my mom's favorite joke why do you
keep pointing by the way what's going on
Gary
everybody applauded this man thank you
thank you for saving families my friend
what's up guys I'm Matt rife and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below
well so why people are not doing I feel
safe is full dan y'all look good this is
the closest I ever get to good credit
right here got like my outfit I bought
this [ __ ] from for the show I'm gonna
return I can't take an Instagram picture
cuz I followed a supervisor's y'all know
what Carmack's is this is like social
security to a [ __ ] if I ain't got this
I would not get high thrill catch a
[ __ ] at work with a attitude he
probably forgot his car man yeah man I
just moved it la miel a nice man it's a
lot of tents in LA a lot I think if you
live in a tent la you can sit at middle
class I sleep in my car so I'm a little
bougie you ever been so home as you felt
comfortable my friends be calling me you
they be like Michael you ever oh [ __ ]
[ __ ] I made the crib they be like come
over today I'm like I ain't paid the gas
bill is mine angle better make it
yeah man homes people la crazy man I was
walking down ski road I was like damn
it's a lot of homes fuse but you don't
know the real homes people that Planet
Fitness have you seen them bums in there
it's a whole lot of us a whole lot of us
man I'm broke man you know you broke
when you put a job as soon as you keep
paid because he was afraid they made a
mistake
I was holding up the chair looking for
the word psyching [ __ ] I'm broke as hell
man you know you broke me go to make
donaldson and look at the dollar menu an
accident they got some cheaper I know
the fries and dollar I don't got enough
for 75 cent damn man I grew up broke I
knew he's broke growing up cuz anytime
we go to make knowledge my momma always
say if his over dialing team I'm gonna
be jeaious we're gonna eat noodles
and this hot new wheels bro every time
we go to McDonald's no matter what she
order
she put the dollar at the end of it can
I get a large tea the dollar one a small
fry the dollar one
and could you put like dollar tea in
that ice my mother [ __ ] light dolla
tea
I still work at McDonald's man but I buy
buy buy I had to quit I had to get out
of there
one time we had this white lady coming
in X if we took EBT y'all know that's
the [ __ ] I grew up on and she sent me
with comedy I'd say EBT I've seen the
commercials I see yeah but it's another
meaning for she said what's the meaning
for I said everything but that now get
your ass out of here
I said hold up you got something cuz my
momma Bob you know [ __ ] be buying EBT
yeah I mean I just working me done you
ever go to McDonald's you catch an old
dude in line and here dollar short and
he's still trying to make a deal he come
in like I look I took this out check
this out all right look look look look
look look look
drop them fries girl I look oh I got I
got 50 cent the small fry darling seven
oh let me get the fries out the waist
book you know I look check this out
change that says doctor that says I take
a check Ricka Ricka butter pop a Ricka
Ricka butter
I'm loving look I got 50 cent the Big
Mac 350 let me just get the Box you get
out of here
I hate girls we'll be taking pictures on
Instagram sitting on the sink maybe send
on sick in the bathroom trying to make
that butt look big y'all be seen some
[ __ ] to be doing it turn me do little
hands look fat anytime awesome hashtag
tickets [ __ ] no hashtag you just poop
[ __ ] I know you did you ain't just
sitting on that sink just thinking man
it's not the same I hate fat girls who
don't think they fat and they talk [ __ ]
about other fat girls I got a lot a lot
of big honkers a big-ass head I was at
the mall one of my homegirls and she had
the nerve to call it another girl big
[ __ ] look at that big [ __ ] I said
business no shadow in the butter from
you
show shadow [ __ ] you better be homeland
sit down [ __ ] sit down and be humble I
grew up in the hood man
you know you from the hood when you go
to the suburbs and take pictures oh [ __ ]
they got grass they got healthy pit
bulls that little white boy got a daddy
a that a smell send this to my mama
I mean I'm broke man I'm so broke I
accidentally robbed my mom another day
for I was walking I was like man that
lady got it for me yo
I said [ __ ] I'm putting ski man song
I say you lady give it up
she said Nicky was town familiar I said
give it up she said sorry ain't got none
in my pocketbook search I said all right
yeah you broke his hair I said hold on
was she doing the same house keys as me
she said now come on Whoopi I said mama
what you doing out at 1:00 in the
morning with a pistol she said what
you're doing out at 1:00 in the morning
with a pistol she said this [ __ ] running
the family we broken we robbing I said
mama who you finna getting eggs I'm
sorry I got a cousin here third as soon
as you see him that's the first thing
you say I'm a thug all caps th ug 3 65
every day of the year and he a
gangbanger buddy colorblind like he a
[ __ ] but he wear red you know I'm saying
one day I took it to a game meeting I
took it to a game in jumped him off he
called me back got his ass whupped
I said what happened th ug all caps he's
saying minutes February 29th it's a leap
year they got I'm off I'll say oh you
off you better be off tomorrow because
you owe me files I'm gonna be jazz
tomorrow now your lowercase book th ug
no case this the face that white people
make when they disappointed in [ __ ]
I hate the policeman other day I was
walking down the street a cop told me
freeze I froze
Danny told me put my hands up I said
officer I'm froze you gotta unthaw me I
[Applause]
hate the cops in LA for it other day I
was driving you know I'm saying now this
car was fine she was fine as hell she
was she was like got the car I was
already out the car you know I'm saying
she started frisking me I got hard my
she was like Pinocchio and I ain't even
told a lie she said sir is that a weapon
I said nah but it will shoot I'm not
gonna piece
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
so you guys look good thank you for
coming out they know frontman you look
scary [ __ ] I'm not mess with you what do
you do for a living
please tell me something like security
or kill people what do you know what do
you do for him
nobody was just saying your way to win
it oh no we felt like waiting from let's
start there because there's an accent oh
okay that's why and your sales okay
that's not what you're saying you say
something else and it's little made I
was like baby I'm not speaking English
okay and his wife you guys visiting no
oh excited from give me a manner good
for you how long you guys are down for
Latino Australia
enjoy yourself background and then are
you y'all hospitality to me with no they
just said you're next to them hi
and how y'all know each other you friend
sister's room
okay fine mate we're good thank you for
clearing that up in 2019 I'm not judging
thank you for coming oh wait our
background oh oh I know you said that he
went up eight octaves no made yourself
do you believe that I don't think we've
made it that far over here we got a
couple of couples how long we been
together
hey have you got a meet on Facebook
good for you whoo-hoo message soon he
meant good feet was you open in line man
that was been running okay and you
reconnected on Facebook and you like had
a crush on you it's just like me too
it's a cute stuff like that's a story
you can tell me like it would be a
couple and they tell you their story and
you're like you two should not be
together at all like my parents they
look I made a mistake asking them their
story first of all the straight-up lied
to me she tried to create a romantic
story I was like mom how'd you beat that
how'd you guys do that oh I saw that
side was hitting his face he's long
blonde hair was it the wind I was like
when I was a blonde how about your time
my dad stories was very little motional
very dry I was like that how'd you meet
mom how'd you know ho I saw him
[Applause]
[Music]
I used to sell crack that's a fact inch
list that's how we jumping off for the
next joke okay good you're on boy
I used some crack and my dad used to
smoke crack and I figured if I was gonna
have a dysfunctional family so er
knickers and so I sell crack I'm here my
boy was out selling crack one day I've
known this guy sounds 7 years old this
lady walks up to us and she goes hey I
get paid tomorrow can you hook me up
today and my boy says to her what are
you willing to do and she says to my boy
anything and my boy says in response to
that oh well then holler up my ass he
said that out of his mouth to a [ __ ]
person he said he said holler oh my god
speak English I know what all of those
words mean individually in context I
couldn't figure this [ __ ] out you mean
show ass no here's what pissed me off
the most that lady's looking at him I
said okay now angry and I can't figure
out whether I should leave cuz this [ __ ]
seems too intimate for me well I should
say cuz I need to tell the story later
you know and outstanding and my boy
pulls his pants and his underwear down
right on his butt cheeks like he's an
Instagram model trying to make his ass
look fatter
and minister and his lady gets down on
one knee like she's about to propose to
his below not and she takes her thumbs
that she spreads his ass cheeks apart
she gets right up in there she goes
[Applause]
and my boy goes and that's when I
stopped selling crack I didn't sign up
that [ __ ] think it's worse the shakers
the [ __ ] is he doing here on me you
gotta call somebody and tell them that
story you can't walk around with that on
your spirit by yourself don't nobody
know but me Paul in the ass Halloween Oh
somebody need it up and I can't call my
girlfriend be like hey you know Paul
that come over the house and play the
game sometime yeah the one day like your
honey wings yeah that one yeah he liked
to get his ass holiday well no I don't
know how to explain it better than that
baby he just it's self-explanatory is
hollering I always sounds crazy I
couldn't so I called my dad cuz I know
my dad been through some [ __ ] you smoked
crack you seen some [ __ ] you know I read
so I called my dad I say hey man I need
to talk to you he said I need to talk to
you to come to the house so I get that
my dad house he looks like he's seen a
ghost I said [ __ ] man you go first he
said I don look the other day me and my
boy was out getting high and we ran out
of cash we had to go to the ATM machine
I said dad let me stop you right there
you don't have to say ATM machine
because the m and ATM is for machine
you're effectively said with 80mm and
that's just stupid
shut the [ __ ] up it's my story I said
fair enough continue
he said we have two ATM machine and this
guy pulls up he says hey before you get
to cash out cancer that you could come
party with me for free
look at my boy my boy looks to be sick
sounds good let's roll you're getting a
card he said you should know this dude
is gay I said why should I know that he
said put a pin in it it's gonna make
sense later I said oh [ __ ]
he said we get to his house son and
immediately I'm uncomfortable cuz when I
sat down on the couch it was a 12 inch
dildo on the mantel place looking
directly at me I said dad dildos can't
see he said shut the [ __ ] up it had one
eye who's looking directly at me he said
then the dude said I need to go in the
room and slip into something more
comfortable and I was confused because
he was wearing a Balu attract suit and
we gonna be honest there's nothing more
comfortable than a velour tracksuit but
then he came out he was wearing a kimono
that was so short I can see that one of
his balls was deformed but I want to say
nothing cuz I was too busy having a
staring contest with this one I held up
they do say I got an announcement to
make you can smoke as much as you want
all night long the only thing is you
have to allow me to suck your dick I
said what did you say then he said
honestly I didn't even hear him at first
it sounds too busy having a staring
contest for this one I filled up but
then I saw something white movement in
my periphery and I looked over and my
boy was there some tighty-whiteys
smoking a rock getting a [ __ ] I stood
up and I said ah I need to go to the ATM
machine and my boy said I'm coming too
but I didn't hear him say - I just heard
him say I'm coming
so I ran I slapped the dealer off the
mantle place I locked the door behind me
I've got the car I left that
[ __ ] right there thinking about
those two stories both I'm 100% true 6
months ago I was in Virginia doing a
show my dad came bought a bunch of my
family with him at the middle of that
story right at the point when I said
lock the door he said wait a minute wait
a minute that was the same day he was
gonna tell me my Park in this house
that's craziest Bob
[Music]
I see you looking it's Persian night a
little it's like a mix but the reason
I'm up is because I'm half Persian oh
yeah oh yeah you shocked yeah he's one
of them that's how it works
that's right cuz you're looking at me I
already know how he's like oh my god
that's the most dangerous combination in
America brah
Tommy what are we gonna do about them
that's right I am I'm the mom America's
worst nightmare half Persian half black
half [ __ ] half terrorist Shahs of
Sunset Atlanta housewives put together
carjacked hijack I'm capable of anything
you don't even know when I say I'm the
bomb I might really mean it bro you have
no idea you have no idea and growing up
it's growing up Persian kids we already
know what it's like you already know
what it's like growing up Persia it's
not easy growing up Persian growing up
like growing up American you can do
things you can do so many normal things
like have fun whatever not Persians not
Persians you're not having fun when
you're Persian that's not happening
because Persian kids aren't even allowed
to go anywhere we're not allowed like
honestly Persian kids we we are the real
Iranian hostage crisis soon we are held
husband our parents love us so much
that's why we all still live at home no
matter what it won't let us leave they
will not let us leave as soon as I want
to leave the house I'll go downstairs
I'm leaving the house like at this time
I think I should be allowed to leave
whenever I want my dad will pop up like
a freakin ninja out of nowhere like
Tehran oh my god where are you going
like I'm never coming back like he said
that was such worry like where are you
going I'm like that I'm just going out
oh my god this time of night
this time a night [ __ ] it's 3:00 in the
afternoon what do you mean
which is in San Francisco I need to tell
somebody this I I can't handle minibars
it's not because of liquor I was in a
hotel that had a minibar I can handle
the liquor in a minibar because they you
can get liquor in a bar you know I mean
you go to a bar and order an adult glass
of American liquor you know I mean
that's available to you but you know
what they don't have a bar cookies
[ __ ] who is the monster in the bisque
oh that puts the 2-pack sassette six
Oreos six American Oreo cookies in my
hotel I can handle that one I'm sober
but old drunk beat different guy Oh jump
me when he gets back to the hotel I ate
those [ __ ] real quick
real fast I should be why aren't I Paula
Poundstone I'm opening with a bit about
I'm on the brand I'm just eating cookies
you know real badass [ __ ] that's not a
good story I ate all set I ate all 12
oh my god I just did the math I ate all
12 American Oreo cookies and that's not
a story here's why I'm telling you this
story is human beings are the only
mammals that can forecast second
forecasts shame you know yeah yeah you
know when you're drunk you've done
something like sober peed is gonna [ __ ]
you know what I mean
like it's another person I was like oh
man I'm never going to hear the end of
this we're the only mammals that do that
you will never see a lion eating a
gazelle like he was just getting a
trench you know what I mean like we're
the only ones that are like there's
going to be a bad way to start the day
and it would be if I just left the
wrappers on the floor I knew I couldn't
just leave them on the floor because
that's not a good start to your day when
you wake up and you're barefoot
crinkling on the blue wrappers like
alright I'm an animal you know that's a
bad start to a go getters day I'm gonna
go get so I hid the wrappers a drunk
Pete had the foresight to know he had to
hide the wrappers from silver piece that
narc that square yes [ __ ] cop I had
to hide them from silver Pete and I did
listen to me that's why it's the story I
hid the wrappers both wrappers but it
didn't work obviously because I'm
telling you about it
in the in the morning I immediately
found the wrappers hidden inside a can
of Pringles I also ate
[Music]
[ __ ] I'm a little if you can tell I'm a
little torn up right now because I
recently broke up with this girl I'm 39
years old I got no shame in that
and the girl I broke up with is 23 I
know I know you ladies are thinking
waltz you're 39 what the [ __ ] do you
have to talk about with a 23 year old
what makes you think we're talking she's
23 we're doing other things but when we
did have to talk though I found that if
I've memorized three phrases I could
talk for a while
like when she talks I'll just be uh-huh
what are you serious oh we talk for
hours with that [ __ ] but that's not why
we broke up though we didn't break up
cuz she's young cuz I'd be stupid for
that to be the reason no we broke up
because [ __ ] is six four three I'm five
foot six okay now when you when you're
single you pitch yourself holding your
woman hand it looks like this is normal
right you walk down the street and
there's cool is nothing wrong with that
is masculine and everything in the [ __ ]
is six four three it looks like this
this is silly this is not masculine at
all this is actually really ridiculous
right and I don't know what it is with
you women you always have to wear heels
when you're six foot three you're done
you're taller than everybody right she
would insist on wearing he has size 13
feet which means she was eight inch
heels this [ __ ] would look like this
like she's walking her adopted Korean
kid down the street is [ __ ]
ridiculous okay it's [ __ ]
embarrassing his [ __ ] and I know every
single one of you guys in here when you
see a hot girl that's tall
we all say the same [ __ ] man I'll climb
that [ __ ]
I'm here to tell you guys they don't
like that [ __ ] okay especially when you
use their boob with an anchor point all
in really into the head oh [ __ ] and we
was in bed because I've been to that
[ __ ] and and we was doing he was doing
69 which I'm also into I thought I was
doing a good job Brian was like yeah
blah blah blah those a good job she
tasked my legs she goes that's my belly
button oh why is it for a reason why is
it
yeah i [ __ ] myself in australia
it was like in march i was on this
bridge and this giant bridge called the
sydney harbour bridge and they have
these pylons that go up like that like
the brooklyn bridge and you can walk on
top of those things it's like a
three-hour long hike it's awesome
but i was like 30 minutes into it when i
got my first diarrhea pang
and i was like this is gonna be a
problem
because diarrhea gives you no warning
whatsoever
it just comes on something it's not like
parkinson's or alzheimer's
diarrhea is for real
it's just like la dee da not a care in
the world everything's great
diarrhea is here it's here diarrhea's
here
and immediately you gotta like do the
math of like where am i on the one to
ten diarrhea scale
with like with one being like like when
this comes out
tomorrow it's gonna be a bit moist
that's like a one a 10 is like
and i was like an 8.7 like i was pretty
far up there
and i would start to talk i'm like how
much longer do we get to the top it's
like
like another hour and a half and i'm
like me
all right let's see what i'm made of as
a man you know
this is my time to test myself it's just
like let's heroes aren't asked to be
called upon they're just called
so i just sucked it in as hard as i
could and i just started like
like duck walking up this giant bridge
just like holding it in with everything
i had it hurt so
bad it hurts so bad like whatever it
feels like to give birth
this was the opposite of that just
sucking in with everything i had and i'm
trying to
hold it in i'm sweating but not sweating
here
this is a sweat of heat or exertion i'm
sweating here
the sweat of mistakes and regret
but i'm doing it though and there's a
scottish guy like right behind me in
line he goes like pick up the pace
please i'm gonna shut your
mouth scotland i'm working on something
just like
hold it it hurts every once in a while i
have to like lose control i have to do
one of these
you know the last effort before you're
gonna [ __ ] yourself where you just
i saw somebody once standing in the
supermarket like this and looking at
peanut butter for like 45 minutes
until i realized he wasn't looking at
peanut butter at all he was just trying
not to [ __ ] himself
at ralph's until he got control again he
was like okay i'm back
to this and i was doing it though for
like an
hour and 10 minutes i was ahead of the
game it was awesome okay
until the end of this hike and i don't
know why but they put a ladder
that just goes straight up for like 10
or 12 like steps
and i don't know if you guys can imagine
like squeezing as hard as you can
in here and bending your knee
but like you can't you can't do but like
this that's a release valve
i have no idea why these two things are
connected
if you ask me it's a design flaw
but somehow they are and this opens up
the floodgates
so i'm staring this ladder and i'm like
i don't know how i'm supposed to get on
this ladder right now without bending my
knees
and the scottish guy's like uh the
ladder is clear and i'm like shut up
braveheart
i know god i know why the english hates
you
i'm like all right here's what i'll do i
figure it out but here's what i'll do
i'll just reach
up and i'll just do pull-ups
i'll just step by step i'll pull my dead
body
one step at a time up his left and it
was dead because i'm squeezing so hard
so from here down
it's just dangling away like joe
theismann's leg just
hanging there don't oh it healed
anyway so i do three pull-ups and then i
realize oh yeah i'm
very weak i don't know why i thought i
could do ten straight pull-ups that's
ridiculous when my all-time record was
like eight and that's when i was 20.
so by the fourth one i'm doing of these
really
i can't do it i can't do four pull-ups
that's why i learned especially now i'm
squeezing so i got to like here and then
i was like
going the wrong way and then i lost it
but as i failed this leg like caught
on one of the rungs though yeah i was
like it was like like that
and as i bent you just heard the sound
it was just as terrible it was like like
asthma it was like
it was just such a horrible feeling it
was like what is wrong with you you
idiot
you're an american representing your
country in a foreign land
and your underwear is full of wet
kangaroo meat
because you got adventurous at dinner
last night and i'm just sitting there
feeling horrible for myself until i
remembered oh yeah that scottish guy
is still right behind me and i'm up
three steps so he's pretty much
asked to face right now and he just
heard this sound
which is an unmistakable sound nobody
ever hears that and goes
ice cream truck like ever
okay and that's where you could hear
that only if you could see the the morse
code situation
that was happening in my pants so i
turned around and see if he had seen
right this was his face he was just
going
like whatever thought he had in his mind
like maybe when i go back i'll go talk
to stacey it was all just gone in an
instant
he's like oh what a beautiful
so he's just staring at me for like a
minute straight pretty much non-verbally
going like
how do you want to play this and i'm
just staring back at him also
non-verbally going like oh no no
it's your move now i laid my cards in
the table
and this is what he said i'll never
forget it because it was the nicest
thing anyone human has ever done for me
in my life
he he looked at me for like a minute and
he goes did you just [ __ ] your pants
which is an honest thing you can say
okay it's very honest and i was gonna
lie i was gonna be like no a pelican
died or something
but like he wasn't gonna believe
anything so eventually i was just like
yes that's what i do
and this is never forget he reached
through his pocket and he pulled out a
handkerchief
it was an embroidered handkerchief i
don't know his name i don't remember his
name but his initials were elm that's
all i remember
and he just goes i've been there man
and he gave me this handkerchief it was
so nice of him i was almost like tearing
up i was like after i made fun of you
dude that's so
kind of you to do and i just reached in
there and started scooping
just twix travel size pieces of dump
and then i released it into the wind and
it's sailed away like a covenant between
our peoples
i'm done thank you very much everybody
that is it for me there's no happy
ending there i just hit my pants
I bring up relationships because how
long you gotta mess with somebody before
you can pass gas in front oh I do it on
the first day back you're human just
like you let's get this clear my lady
and I me and my lady we've been together
for so long
never pass gas in front of me until last
week right now wasn't it fun let me tell
you what happened I'm watching TV
she's sleep she's sleep I'm watching TV
next to you I hear a bird and the
blankets rippled right I look down on
her she lives up in me time I turn the
tv down I'm like you don't one that far
didn't walk yourself up once out she put
rose somebody's in the house no your
house bruders they're shooting outside
no the gangbanger is here she had when I
tell that joke but I don't kid because
for one she's not here and for two she
try to put me on this thing called [ __ ]
punishment have you ever heard of such
thing for those that don't know
basically she's not giving me nothing
since she's not mad at me no more right
so I told her you know what if you're
gonna protest I'm a protest too so I
went downstairs I got some sticks I got
some signs I went right in front the
house I'll start making Eleanor's what
do we want sex when do we want it now
she picked out the windows said stop
making all that noise I looked at dead
and I said no [ __ ] no peace no [ __ ] no
peace no [ __ ] no peace all the
husband's and neighborhood came outside
with me
no [ __ ] no peace no [ __ ] no peace the
police showed up in riot gear no [ __ ]
no peace
about 68 people went to jail that day it
was crazy
now we are settled out of court for the
69 it was already but I told her I was
like I'm still upset I've you don't
change I'm gonna leave you she said go
ahead and leave me don't nobody want you
but me I went straight to the club and
she was right man here no I I was
getting turned down left and right I was
getting rejected so much I felt like I
was panhandling for the [ __ ] my excuse
me ma'am he's not supposed to borrow a
real penny excuse me I've gotta put it
on your heart do you think you might be
able to have some [ __ ]
oh excuse me oh you didn't bring it with
you didn't bring with you I did have a
woman don't bring it with it to the club
[Applause]
[Music]
not a huge fan of Chicago in the summer
there is one thing I like about Chicago
in the summer and that's that seeing
tourists getting yelled at about our
dumb [ __ ] rules that we have about
[ __ ] that no one else cares about like
for instance out-of-towners the RET d
the chicago people will answer this real
quick out-of-towners if you don't know
we were rule in this city about hot dogs
Chicago people what's the rule about hot
dogs
[Applause]
weird [ __ ] Trump rally
Jesus great people people treat that
[ __ ] like just like no job they're so
[ __ ] it's a thing
some places won't even have ketchup some
place you can't even wear a red shirt
it's so weird but look however you guys
want to do your hotdog
I personally don't give a [ __ ] but
Chicago as a city we need to drop this
[ __ ] strident no ketchup thing we do
cuz we're trying too hard we're trying
right we're too hunting like we're
different we're the weird
at this point Chicago is like a college
freshman who forgot to develop a
personality in high school and is now
trying to throw one together with a
bunch of weird opinions and habits you
know that guy you meet him in the dorm
he's like hi I'm Brian but I go by
nightshade I don't shake hands
such ankles and wearing my shirts inside
out like stop trying to [ __ ] heart
Brian I put ketchup on your hot dog you
weirdo I just don't get where the city
has 900 rules about what can and can't
go on your meat and zero rules about
what goes in the meats that frankfurter
is made out of cow lips and monkeytoes
Hines isn't the problem that polish is
tied off with a human colon the problem
[Music]
I like staying in hotels when I travel
though I like that though [ __ ] on the
ground just be like come clean servants
nobody else do that but I like staying
at hotels there's two things about
hotels are the drop me bananas
the first one is why is there a
full-length mirror facing my toilet why
is that I don't I don't get that I don't
you never notice it till you sit down so
you get good why would you put that are
you trying to grab towels to cover
yourself cuz you that you look over
there's a coffee pot on the counter a
coffee pot I'm [ __ ] in here
shitty who's making hot beverages in the
bathroom [ __ ] annoying you know and
the other one is you know when you're
checking into a hotel you ever wonder
what in the [ __ ] are they typing on the
computer does take us how long you have
my reservation but you know I'm coming
what's going on here you give him your
name in there back there
Shelagh when you check people in is it
m6 you look good let's talk at lunch
[ __ ] what's your last name sir it's like
are you realigning a satellite back
there
I was thinking about dying and it made
me think about ghosts have y'all ever
seen when you watch the ghost programs
it's all the same oh man McGillicuddy
roams the hallways with his ghost
Lantern this pirate ghost has a whole
pirate crew what is rich [ __ ] where
are the working-class ghosts
where's Mexican fry cook ghost how's
that your order is ready one of the
mysterious mysterious calls for
housekeeping at 4:00 a.m.
where's that where's obese black bus
driver ghosts yes it next up LaBrea
[Music]
[Applause]
where's puke dose pimps die
where's pip ghosts
you don't mean pimp those be like [ __ ]
you coming up show you do a ghost maggot
just pass right through her face but
like who my face is cold I think I got
don't smash my face is so cold
oh okay I was uh I was getting on the
train recently and I was getting on the
train and there's this homeless man and
he was asleep on the train which is a
regular Chicago thing that you'll see
when you're on the trains homeless
people sleeping the big difference this
time was it was like real packed in
because I was like 9 a.m. so it was the
morning rush the other huge difference
was this homeless man's whole ass was
out you guys it was like a hundred
percent the entire service area of his
ass was exposed to oxygen it was so much
of his ass and it was weird cause he was
just like catching that REM sleep you
know like he was so unconcerned beauty
this man was having dreams about like
flying or like nightmares accidentally
going to class with his pants on you
know but like we were stuck in reality
with his ass I'm like what do you do
what do you do with unscheduled ask in
the morning community what do you do
here's what I did this is what I did I
think is a very good move is I'm I
realized I'm not actually looking and
asked what I'm looking at is billions
and billions of cells made up of
billions and billions of patterns you
know what I'm not even looking at that
either what I'm looking at is the light
traveling 90 billion miles bounced off
that ass and in my eye the my visual
reports
and out loud to everybody on the train I
was just like that ass is amazing it's
crazy right
how do you think that the life that we
live our everyday life is so normal like
have you ever gone into work and you
were late and your boss is like yo
you're late you're like yo I used to be
a sperm so this is so crazy
you guys wanna think about that I used
to be a sperm now I think with Chase
what the [ __ ] what a weird ad for Chase
- it's just like Hello I used to be a
sperm introduced in Chase or all its
points
[Music]
I'm a dad how many proud parents do we
have clap it up we got prop now right
about disappointing parents do we have
any disappointed parent
is it the same people clapping as it was
just everything Oh anybody here ever
disappoint their own parents I get this
to my first job I got I were I got I
worked at Baskin Robbins I got fired for
licking my fingers I didn't even argue I
didn't know she was like that sounds
like something I would do
and my wife she had she's like no
sympathy you know I tell my wife ago you
know my first job I got fired from
baskin-robbins and she's like did they
give you 31 reasons I remember licking
my fingers because I remember if it was
more than two scoops it would melt and
I'd be like hashtag Real Talk how my son
doesn't know I just what you want you
when you're a dad you want your kid to
be like I know my son is six but we were
so nervous right he's six years old like
when when they first get right like once
our baby gonna look like that first kid
you see you're gorgeous you know you
just take a picture take another picture
of a guy you shake your phone there's an
app for that
right not that long ago guys you had
that you had to have sex and wait nine
months and you never know knew what was
going to come out alright cuz and we all
say the same thing we just want our baby
to be healthy and we do but we also
don't want to be in the hospital push
push Oh red robbed Brad row
your side of the family
oh my god help me
Spanish dios mio chupacabra
been going to choose the gym a lot my
girlfriend so I've been I've been doing
a lot of that lately and taking these
horrible classes I'm taking all the
classes that the gym has I've been
taking yoga class is anyone do yoga
I don't mind it it's fine the
instructors pissed me off though the
instructors really put because they're
so pretentious like they feel like they
can breathe into parts of their body
that lungs don't exist and everyone just
lets them get away with this [ __ ]
they're just like everyone take a deep
breath in through the nose passing the
spine bounce through the back of the
knees and settling in the soles of your
feet are you [ __ ] Hollow what take
spin class all I took spin class with
one so they never taken spin class holla
we [ __ ] what the [ __ ] are you do you
like it
you do are you insane it's some sadistic
[ __ ] man if the Nazis had like an
aerobic exercise of choice hands down it
would be spin class they'd be like okay
y'all going to get on the bike well then
you are going to lock your feet into the
bike then your vol.2 rides away until
you die
who's that with me house music oh that's
awful
and that one too the instructor is anger
me the instructors physical this one is
all the same exact instructor teaching
all these classes it's always some super
skinny messed out gay guy who like just
took a hit of meth and like car wheels
into the class and you gotta [ __ ]
keep up with this guy and they're always
like the worst counters
I was like 30 seconds between five and
four sticks of the Mississippi system
you back me up on this when you have
young kids at home your whole goal from
the moment they wake up your whole goal
is to make them tired from the moment
they wake I'd be like run run run climb
climb climb fly you can fly for
Appliance I'm doing five and no matter
what you do when it comes time to sleep
kids don't want to sleep right craziest
think they hate sleeping and there's
something that's called sleep training
which is when they turn six months old
you split them cry it out on the crib
and they cry and they cry and they cry
and they learn to sleep and life goes on
it's a technique it's very Western very
modern very cold-blooded and true
there's a book there's a German lady
wrote the book it's the most cool I was
reading the book the Buddha but if the
baby is crying that's a baby cry calm
down German lady you start to walk in
the pen in Chapter two I use a baby
calm down German lady take it easy
Chapter three don't be a [ __ ] alright
Jubilee Chapter four are you a to what
the hell German lady it's a Western very
moderate Ivana Marissa from Iran my wife
or Asia from India so we come from
immigrant backgrounds immigrants don't
sleep train I don't give you Iranian
Indian Mexican Guatemalan immigrants
we're on the bed together I'm in the bed
my wife's in the bed the baby's in the
bed my mother-in-law's in the bed
there's a rooster in the bed my cousins
are under the bed and more than
immigration left yet let me check her
son they look it's exhausting dude it's
exhausting and when you have young kids
at home your time is not your own okay
when you have young kids at home you
have to take every to-do list while the
kids are sleeping all right when you
have young kids at home be like a Navy
SEAL you got to be ready to go anytime
anyplace yeah when you have young kids
at home like you just got to be ready
like the other day the kids were
sleeping I went to my wife I go hey
let's have some sex she goes I'm not in
the mood I go out the phone either put
the enemy sleeping let's go move it move
it move it disrobe dismount I got a kill
bin Laden let's do this that's me call
sex in my house killing bin Laden that's
right folks sometimes we go weeks
without killing bin Laden if you know
what I'm saying little em'ly sometimes
are gonna make bin Laden commit suicide
if you know what I'm saying thank you
for getting that my brother thank you
very much thanks for watching the last
factory channel make sure to subscribe
and tell your friends and if you want to
watch more of my clips you can go to my
channel at Moz Gibran
I don't like that I never see gay
assassins in movies they don't make no
[ __ ]
against a so we've got away with
anything no one's gonna be expecting
that you know it's better that I just
show not tell this how about we go down
floral delivery for Michael H on floor
three I'm not on the roster well it is
the same day delivery and we come quick
honey
oh you'll deliver it for me what will
you be taking the singing telegram as
well cuz we'd have rehearsal to do I
didn't think so
okay so I just got this little metal
detector thing I hope my Prince Albert
doesn't set it off beep beep beep oh no
don't worry I don't mind a cavity search
you get on in there oh don't be sad it's
the most acts and I'm again all week
honey don't miss any nook hand or cranny
but I get and this they don't let that
[ __ ] through trust he ain't
gonna hurt nobody he don't hurt nobody
little do they know Michael H floral
delivery room for all these and thought
that was the sound of a gay gun you're
being homophobic that was the sound of a
silencer [ __ ] is wrong
and that would either be the best part
of movie the best party movement be
seeing this gay guy break out of some
high-security place you think these
straight guy fight scenes are good
please
then gay man for watching Xena Warrior
Princess a bucket of vampire Slayer's
whole life that might suit me crazy if
you like kool-aid though I have been
touted codename without it they are like
20 guys here and not one of them was
thinking what I was thinking
don't you worry about me Roberto don't
you worry about me our time together has
taught me that I can take a few fists
and I love a sticky situation
[Applause]
[Applause]
the name is bondage save for news
[Music]
we're [ __ ] ever happened to me on my uh
this is duck the six-week anniversary of
this alright I was flying to Washington
and to do next to me [ __ ] his pants yeah
[ __ ] his pants and it wasn't like yeah
but you would be like oh my god you can
have some apathy in this dude this is my
gun like a like a nougat maybe like a
you know because he didn't know you know
so this smell was walking up to me I
mean 15 [ __ ] minutes and when you
smell that you're like and it wasn't a
fart because we all know what a fart
farts have a tinge an age in SA quoi if
I may we know what a fart in a matter
where you are in the world so my part
you can be like somebody farted who
farted this was like between fart and
open baby diaper it looks like you know
and now I'm getting mad cuz this dude
shitty pants over here you know I'm like
the [ __ ] got turn this thing on
I got the credit card application I come
in a black church this is a lot of man
I'm gonna have my you know shitty pants
sees me doing this and he goes are you
okay dude I'm like man I don't know
there's some kind of like flatulent
situation I didn't want to be crass on
the plane so I said flatulence and he
goes on to bet he turns his thing on it
pointed at me okay two hours later
shitty pants gets up to go to the
bathroom
it turns the can in towards me that's
when I knew that this [ __ ] I
wanna [ __ ] his pants
now he's walking back to the [ __ ]
crop-dusting the whole plane now when he
came back to his seat at that moment he
knew he should his man and he knew that
I knew he should his man so I was giving
him that you [ __ ] your pants face how
are we doing over here man
make matters worse I tell my mom about
it right get off the plane to go mine to
do next me [ __ ] his pants my mom's you
know what your mother says [ __ ] to you
that you just want to like set her on
fire and I'm talking about no sympathy
she says well what did the airline deal
Mach there's no [ __ ] your pants run
along it's not during the safety talk
where they like you know emergency exits
are here in the event you [ __ ] your man
I swear to you she thought the cabin was
gonna be like she captain uh you an
emergency situation eight B has [ __ ] his
hair I'm gonna take her down to Toledo
[ __ ] man
I'm in a weird mood right now I'm talked
to my mom before I got here I love my
mom I love talking to it but my mom is
real religious I don't know if y'all
ever tell a real religious people but
sometimes they tend to be you know crazy
a little bit you know not all of them
but the majority of them you know like
they think every opportunity you talk to
him is a chance to preach to you know
you can ask them something simple like
hey how you doing how am i doing I'm
blessed and highly favored brother how
about yourself okay fish I hope that's
working out for you is it working out
for me
do you not see me swimming in the
abundance of riches the Lord has rained
out a party right now do you not see me
as I walk in the path of success that
the Lord Himself has made for me okay
let me get a number three with a
milkshake
[Laughter]
[Applause]
make sure you super-sized and fun that's
how my mom is my mom you know my mom
hurts everything to do is greatly with
Jesus he has been threatened with Jesus
before it's not the most comfortable
thing in the world it starts off real
nice I called my mom up I'm like hey
Michael
oh hey baby hey I just kept doing a
little chopped into little jokes for
your little comedy thing yeah mom I'm
still doing one comic other some people
laugh at your little jokes when you tell
your little joke today laugh at your
jokes Mike yeah I'll get a laugh here
there my song is good it's good baby
because when Jesus gets back all that
laughing oh stop
[Applause]
[Music]
I tried to be like I'm a smart person
I've always been smart I come from a
real bad neighborhood and I've always
been a smart kid like the day I tried to
join the gang it was uh it was rough
because they know people love me
you know me everybody think gangs are
easy it's not easy getting again you got
to prove to them that nobody cares about
you and you [ __ ] stupid you gotta
prove that I mean you got to do
something stupid even like okay he did
that I would do something really stupid
I was still in front of this camera
watch so uh why would you join the gang
and they had
discrepancies with me joined the gang
because in my neighborhood was somebody
gets shot me and my grandma would go out
there and we would do the prayer circle
so they saw me and my church clothes
praying that man we saw dude in his
church called he is not ready to be a
killer on each streets me be a church
kid look excuse me sir yes I am I'm real
out here sir so they're doing thug [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] they had to collect money from a
crackhead right and nobody could knock
this crackhead out everybody had tried
from a little kid gang group that I was
in this is my first day evening right
for me I used common sense I don't want
to try to punch a crackhead to get no
crackhead juice on my hands so I hit
with a garbage can from a distance I
ain't tell nobody that's your turn they
thought that [ __ ] was Jesus girl he fell
all out you crazy but I was mad I heard
because I went over there like oh man
but I was
look like I was gonna do more and do the
Crockett the cops can't overlook the job
some of that yeah yeah that's what I did
it's are those of the first gang beaten
and you know they lined everybody up and
they want you to show your lord see to
the block you know and they say you know
that's nice that's neat you like that
you get hard
I saw a crackhead in here where the
garbage can is that right hook east on
the hill yeah you really be a gangster
hell yeah you gonna top this Bop oh not
this block in particular the resale
values atrocious are these embedded Lots
they said never vest on the block with
two abandoned buildings and it's three I
suggest remove the gang downtown that's
what I came before I want y'all to think
about what you're dying for it really
makes sense schedule the layers up they
gave me a gun and a ball first day oh
[ __ ] y'all know I just started all right
now for the new people we all gonna give
me a gun into a bar now right y'all
trying to set me up [ __ ]
so I'm setting with drugs selling drugs
man I'm a good drug dealer
not because I was excited about it they
got drugs in the song I don't know if I
ever saw drugs here and I people a
breakout himself [ __ ] drugs you know
no time back when you start selling
drugs you feel so empowered I can [ __ ]
you got five pills I don't give up you
just set it a little 8-ball whatever it
is you like you know what I'm gonna get
this a ball imma flip that by two kilos
machine gonna shoot all my friends
Rocko our mood effects gonads get the
[ __ ] correct from the connect books I
don't speak Spanish right now but if I
did I was too excited they had a song
called pocket full of stones out way
back in I was being a mirror with my
drugs like playing I got a pocketful of
style I'll be doing my deals and [ __ ]
was happy as hell I was so excited I
woke up the next morning early as [ __ ]
six o'clock before everybody was up cuz
it would be first day on the job I was
happiest here I'm out there on the
corner marketing advertising like a
[ __ ] to sell my trucks ready
rocks ready rocks get your ready rocks
here boulders for your shoulders
business runs on the block how you do is
you get your rock today all right huh
I'll see you about to start a new code
you know I take a car if you alright I
got this ready right side so the [ __ ]
out of my rocks though load me Brandon
pulled over court coming house with the
new coat oh my grandma got our lights on
the church busy playing I'm on the
battlefield she walked back I walked by
her she said hey hey wasn't get that
come from and I was already in a gang
for two days and so Rox I said hey man
yo bidness she snatched two coke from
the bottom my mom's an order I had to
actually little stash the little money
in the coat pocket I'm thinking [ __ ]
never find it cousins epic apartment she
did check the pockets
she's just felt full of found the lump
took some big scissors cut the coat in
half cut the drugs and the money up and
flush it down the toilet caught the Holy
Ghost race we were safe but uh you just
gotta kill the t-money and they told me
if something happen any drugs any money
they're gonna murder somebody they're
gonna beat the [ __ ] out of somebody and
you always told me to tell the truth so
I'm gonna tell you what you didn't tell
me
the drugs in the money up is oh you this
my first day on the job I just started
there I tried not to get here but I got
a gun in a ball so I went to bed that
night like I'm had the bus go grab my
[ __ ] where the garbage can
I'm I had the bus she better she better
not snitch on me neither she better take
that the next morning we go to the bank
to get the money out and I was like oh
[ __ ] my girl scared you go to the bank
you never go to the block the block is
full of just like this is full of
different type of people dirty pitbulls
and babies and crackheads and full-grown
teenage thugs it's crazy so I'm thinking
she gonna be scared because I was scared
a little bit cuz I don't know who's
gonna put my head I don't know what
slugs were happy you know I mean so she
put up on the block and she you know
aggressor to get out the Casa hey which
one on your work phone I really start
tearing up and crying gonna you know
what right there I got a walk now to the
to the thugs to kill it see who let me
in the game and handle my note my
grandma had a rolling pin in my pocket
uh my grandma had said I can't be in a
gang I'm okay you know my grandson is
covered in the blood of Jesus
[Applause]
[Music]
we have any couples here do you guys
have love no you just sit in that closed
anyone have love a good amount of love
yeah you guys that's nice nice and close
how long you guys been together married
eight years congratulations so do you
guys [ __ ] in front of each other and
stuff yeah tight that's how you know you
guys be together
I just meant proximity wise I don't know
about as a weird punishment you take off
the garbage
whoa no I should know I should the
kitchen now the kitchen people are
always trying to tell me where doctor I
have long hair and a beard people trying
to tell me what I look like every day
you look like Jesus
I look like the version of Jesus that
white people hope there is oh thank
goodness you don't need to tell me what
I look like first of all I'm 34 years
old
you're not gonna fool anyone at that
point people already know what they look
like
by that point you know how else you know
what else the big clue is homeless
people asking me for weed all the time
you gotta look like a real specific type
of person for almost people talk to me
everyday it's like they all know that
I'm next and they don't want to tell me
I tried to give this dude a pair of
sneakers the other day and he goes no
it's okay did you know that they could
do that they you just wipe left on your
[ __ ] like that so I'm like what happened
I'm like how shitty do my sneakers have
to be for the homeless guy to be like oh
no I'm all set right and then as I was
walking away he goes but if you ever
ever have any extra weed you let me know
and then my brain broke a little bit
because I had never heard those two
words used in such close proximity
before extra week have you ever heard of
that do you know what that is
sounds like I've never been at home and
I dump out all the weed that I have and
then my next thought has never been Oh
Oh to much what am I supposed to do with
all this all right guys you got a great
show my name is Mike Falzone
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I just wanna say this I've been married
I've been married I don't want wife now
for four years we married two and two
two-and-a-half married sort of half
years and I appreciate her be a super
dope I like well that was one clap that
was probably persistence for sure now
cuz I don't I thought I wasn't good I
wasn't good at dating it was because I
was [ __ ] up was just like we had a new
place I'm oh so y'all do [ __ ] then I
wasn't expecting like tell me the truth
don't [ __ ] tell me the truth laughs a
lot of me save my feelings I can't deal
with all this honesty like this woman
told you one time she was like hey you
can't [ __ ] me as good as my vibrator to
my face down to my face
tell your homegirl that [ __ ] I don't
need to know that that [ __ ] is
unnecessary information cuz I can't [ __ ]
any better than I'm [ __ ] it's all I
got
I don't give me some oh another solid
dick I have it's not gonna get girthy I
can get longer and I'm not getting more
energy as I get older [ __ ] this
is the best dick you won't get tonight
tomorrow it's gonna be a little less
good until I die but she was right and I
understood she was right because she had
a Hitachi that's the vibrator that plugs
into the wall
do you understand the power level
vibrator the plugs into where the
batteries not going dead
okay I put my mouth on him a little bit
eventually I'll run out of breath in
this [ __ ] you know not that
[ __ ] I came out for our robot
I'm not trying that's [ __ ] so I told
her come to the bedroom with me and
bring that toy and she did nice at down
in the corner I said get started without
me cuz I don't know how to work that
equipment and I saw some amazing [ __ ]
fellas pants it's a dish is amazing
I watched her turn it on and she put it
right here a couple of ladies way yeah
that's where it goes
we weren't confused about the area it
was that y'all didn't move in see all
the dudes in here like I thought this
worked this doesn't work this little
move right here yeah you like that don't
you know you don't like this [ __ ] at all
I don't know who told us to do this they
lied to you like yeah that's great daddy
no it's not this [ __ ] is horrible we
don't even get manicures we just
scarring up her in the back slapping her
labia side to side we don't put a callus
on her clip cousin dumb [ __ ] we saw a
porno stop doing this [ __ ] another thing
I learned was if you ever hear your lady
saying oh my god I'm about to come now
she just want you to get off her be you
gotta learn the signs your lady hand
signs some things she just can't fake
like I learned this lady would catch
epilepsy and her shoulder to her hand
just this side just go crazy she's aa
number [ __ ] is she doing this [ __ ] again
cuz I ain't seen no sugar her hair's
like that but it should reach the flag
on the lamp over that [ __ ] she
can't move the blahs while she put her
arm and then they hit me oh [ __ ] she's
trying to catch her soul and put it back
in her body with miss you guys her legs
started shaking her eyes Macross and I
heard this noise it sounded like she was
on the AOL account logging in on a 56k
modem now I know what that [ __ ] was but
my body got up on his own almost time to
go so I started running over to as I
thought she was in trouble and my dick
just automatically win it was like boom
and she went and it hit me and I looked
at her hard I said the tacos to the
runner I made you come you're welcome
[Applause]
[Music]
so I went to Ralph's huh what a [ __ ]
store that is you know what [ __ ] you
never see Ralph there shopping at Vons
like a regular person that store makes
no sense man hot dog buns a bag at 12 a
buck 39 hot dog buns with sesame seeds a
bag of 12 a buck 39 same price you don't
that means sesame seeds cost absolutely
nothing and somewhere some [ __ ] idiot
is farming though I'd love to be there
when he shows up with his sack of seeds
what do you mean they're worthless Ralph
Grouse is a [ __ ] store you got to have a
Ralph's card or else a loaf of bread is
five million dollars that's how Ralph's
[ __ ] with you makes you join his Nazi
regime once they have the card they know
your name and the checkout lady tries to
pronounce it like your old friends or
something she's been in the country for
17 seconds she's like thanks for
shopping here mister whoa nice it's
Jones
I have to [ __ ] up again I don't trust
you anymore
I was trying to get healthy I went to
Trader Joe's what a [ __ ] place that is I
got cereal it was twigs [ __ ] rake in
his backyard up and making cereal out of
it I got the hot dogs made out of yogurt
says right on the pack do not barbeque
thanks for the hot tip trader Joe I was
running to the barbecue with my leaky
yogurt hot dogs imagine bringing those
to a cookout put mine on the grill
what's that white [ __ ] coming out of
your hot dogs I don't know what do you
mean I gotta leave the part
you
good a Latino cowboy did my kind of show
anything goes to Vegas again anything so
you won't get deported okay I get it I
get it
I'm face.look cowboy teeth I mean leave
the other one go like I know this is
ridiculous we got a little Latin Oh
cowboy speaking uh Trump um it's weird
because my dad voted for Donald Trump
yeah my family's at odds right now my
dad how could you vote for Donald Trump
he's all you want to know why I'm like
yeah I want to know why you know because
some of our relatives I've got to go I
was like I was like my mom nothing like
a nice cold beer at 10:00 in the morning
hi I'm Emily and if you're jealous of my
beer mugs don't worry you have a chance
to win one as well you just got to
subscribe comment below that you're
subscribed and let us have a funny
original joke and you have a chance to
win this original Laugh Factory beer mug
you better be funny or else you won't
win
[Laughter]
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
see the drain you guys got no drinks at
all sissonne egg convention what's going
around I wanna make it some a me drink
so don't worry were we done earlier
today you were drinking
I'll see you drunk out you got enough
drunk here we're a drink is a drinkers
that's the drunk mating call right now
you're so drunk be comfortable you
already can't even say your name did you
step out of the car go outside any bar
go outside any bar to Liam just stand
outside embargo you here miles away at
another bar
that's drunk Marco Polo today
be careful Yamaha I read an article in
USA Today they said alcohol is the
number one reason people go home with
ugly people some of you laugh some of
you got real quiet some you're like oh
[ __ ] how the hall makes you throw up
there's no warning when you're about to
throw it from alcohol except that burp
you get out of the door you know that
Burke where you think nobody knows
you're drunk you do like you you know
[Music]
the moment to eat that corner bet your
ass going shut it down you start
sweating when you start humming you're a
dead man Congrats man
and I've never freaking us out this is
universal Hockley inhibits in the toilet
here in the toilet
people actually walk up to him though
you okay
like your head out of the toilet go not
always really thirst there what am i
doing I'm a grizzly bear waiting for
salmon to come on
[Music]
I like the black guys to get mad in
public I don't know what it is with
brothers but they have to close their
eyes we're in an argument for some
reason ever notice huh never see that
guy what got a [ __ ] you talkin saw like
the guy left three minutes ago what are
you doing
but they'll always be cool right he's
ready Pookie Sam the great rather
they're gonna be cool forever man like
the rest of us we don't age quite that
way we don't have that hip thing when we
get older old black men are cool as hell
right nobody else is like that why guys
after 65 the only thing out of your
mouth is get out of my driveway you just
all pissed off crotchety and shed
Latinos are worse we don't even age well
I mean look at Latino man as they get
older the stomach gets bigger but the
arms get shorter have you noticed this
about us turn the little dinosaurs for
some reason we're like a like a team X
or something like a right a little
Tyrannosaurus
every time I go to a family reunion I
feel like I'm at Jurassic Park or
something my uncles they're walking on
me hi get read me huh I can't reach my
back is me why they all get that deep
belly button it's like extra deep sigh
Grande deep everything's in there lint
grass twigs see a hummingbird pop his
head up meet up by Auto Gary hitch but
the brothers you don't yeah you don't
see that it's always a cool you ever
known as ol black in a cool as hell man
those doors real fidgety and moving
around even though they're standing in
line or like skit skat scoot at death
Skeeter
and do that it's key that Dec look at
this one look at this dude right here
you ever trying to guess their age
you're not even close originally check
you out brother what do you like 52
I appreciate the compliment son but I'm
not a - holy SH what does rot skin scan
scoot and dance skin it and do that it's
key that day beautiful it's beautiful
they always have to drop wisdom to
before they leave it's called dropping
wisdom they give you some old saying it
doesn't make any sense at all
someone's like they're making the [ __ ]
up as they go along they say it with so
much passion it makes you think twice
about it you're like well you know I was
like well you obviously know the secret
of youth won't you tell me what it is
you think I'm gonna tell you what it is
I will tell you what an Iran now you got
to leave your lap like two feet with ten
toes and annex a toenail what what now
that makes sense man that makes sense
skip this game it's fantastic
the English language is it's hard
actually for Finnish people to learn
it's so different kind of language like
English has lots of these you know these
silent letters like silent letters that
you write down but never say like like
write it down but you see that letter is
only for the paper not for the mouth in
the Finnish language we don't have those
at all
I have a secret for you they are
unnecessary it's like wasting paper
basically system not writing but but I
have an idea since you have valid
letters why not also then have silent
number I think that would be far more
useful like I owe you
$75 ah but the 7 is silent
oh yeah here's five Thanks
that guy thank you for coming out and
saw the other fat guy thank you for
coming out now listen that's that's what
I see some of you guys oh my god you
start with fat jokes I'm tell you right
now that's what fat people do okay that
people look at other fat people we judge
each other all right like I'm serious
like I saw the way you looked at me when
I got on stage how you looked at me was
like oh my god hey baby I'm not that
[ __ ] fat right Jesus Christ but I
wanna help you outside people do certain
things you can't do when you're fat if
you're skinny getting fat you might want
to write this [ __ ] down okay number one
don't eat chicken wings and rub your
nose cuz you gonna wake up in the middle
night like who the [ __ ] cooking
chicken wings and I know you're half
Israel whatever the [ __ ] for you're
black - okay so that applies to you -
okay
and laugh at these black jokes - cuz I
just found that I was black I didn't
know I was like my whole life I thought
I was Latino I had no idea I was black
now but I'm okay we'll be black
cuz Donald Trump's in office yeah and I
used to fill out paperwork that said
Hispanic but then I found out whose do
porn Hispanics and I was like [ __ ] that
I'll be a [ __ ] for the rest of my life
I'm gonna spit ain't going nowhere I'm
staying right here
[Music]
nothin you shouldn't do if you're a
bigger person can you please stop taking
pictures from up here I'm putting it on
Facebook and Instagram and Twitter
thinking that this angle is gonna make
you look skinny listen at this angle is
not gonna make you look skinny okay it
looks like Google Earth took that
picture for you I call that a satellite
selfie yeah I realize certain things you
can't do okay like okay true story I was
550 pounds right I lost 200 pounds now
the reason what no don't clap cuz I'm
really [ __ ] hungry you have no idea
what the reason I lost the way because I
went through too many embarrasses like
this laughing at me when I was 550
pounds I went to a water park fat people
not for you okay
well then his girl at the time she had a
five-year-old kid she didn't want to get
on any slides you want to get on slides
into my head I was like I'm gonna take
him or whatever sliding he wants cuz I'm
doing a good deed and that equals
pushing at the end of the day right so I
was like she was a slide let's go and he
chose his slide and we got up to the
slide this is where I [ __ ] up there
was no elevators there was no escalators
it was just steps like you gotta go up a
thousand five hundred steps to get to
the top of this goddamn slide but I was
focused cuz in my head I was like [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] let's do this [ __ ]
and I started going up those stairs but
I was taking my time and everybody
behind me was pissed because they were
trying to pass or like excuse me sir and
I was like [ __ ] you [ __ ] I'm next
so I get to the top of this slide and
the safety operate looks at me go hey
sir how much do you weigh and I was like
mind your goddamn business and he goes
no sir you understand I need to know how
much you wait for safety reasons and I
was like oh okay well I'm not really
good with numbers but I weigh about 195
pounds and he goes well I'm not doing
numbers either but we have a scale so
let's figure this [ __ ] out together and
I was like Touche [ __ ] to think
I'm go back down 500 steps after I told
everybody know putting my pig on those
poor people's back [ __ ] that [ __ ] right
you go sir you to understand you both
can't get out together but you get on by
yourself and I was like oh okay well
[ __ ] this kid I don't know him that well
anyway so good and I see some of you
guys not laughing you got kids I'm tell
you right now I don't give a [ __ ] okay
cuz I'm 31 years old I'm a Latino with
no kids I'm a [ __ ] unicorn okay yeah
my polo game is amazing and I check off
a lot that's probably my prompter
I do like I'm really good like Asian guy
you do look like a jug off a lot right
let you [ __ ] it you go to town like you
have to do this sir you have a jack off
we know you're home alone and then you
hear no he's forgotten stop but it was
just ice makers that ever happen you
don't say no [ __ ] happen to every
dude in here okay everything every dudes
been home and they're like oh yeah oh
yeah oh my hello
and ladies no life too hard okay because
you got those vibrators or loud as [ __ ]
sounds like you couldn't crash in the
room for no reason just Bam Bam I'm a
man I ain't no Mexicans outside
[Music]
monlik bumble and stuff we're just lazy
with dating man my buddy's like get off
bumble man get off bumble well I'd like
the friends who already have girlfriends
the one through it so he don't need it
he's like you don't need it man like no
you don't need it I need it I [ __ ]
need it
we're so lazy with like dating though
like we don't really do anything this is
like a story literally the other day I
was in my kitchen
and I was on bumble and I just sitting
there just like waiting for like a hot
pocket or something like just swiping
just swiping I came across this
beautiful woman gorgeous click I clicked
her picture looked at all five photos
okay I went to her bio read the whole
thing
it had her Instagram handle went to her
Instagram and I was looking through
there like this girl is perfect with the
same interest
she likes outdoors and rocks she lives
in a house she has a friend and I go
back to bumble and I swipe a right and
we don't match and out loud I literally
said well I tried not really man there's
double click to thumb that's all I did I
switched an app we don't try anymore man
like our grandparents they used to try
man my grandpa went to war when he was
19 date my grandma and once a month you
could write a letter back to my grandma
he wrote it back once a month dearest
Agnes the great name isn't me dearest
Agnes war is hell but the thought of you
keeps me going on
love Tommen salmon of October November
dearest Agnes war is still hell I got
separated from my platoon had to hide
the body of a dead horse that day warm
overnight the thought of you keeps me
going on love Thomas right like that's
trying dude
that's trying to not bein like yo you
guys got Wi-Fi here
no not dating today then I guess have a
good one
[Applause]
[Music]
what's that I wasn't get him to the
Greek thank you very much is this the
part where you think - this is just a
conversation between the two of us it's
a strange thing that you're like now
start talking to you here are the things
that I know you from I enjoyed your
performance and get him to the Greek I
wasn't a fan of How to Train Your Dragon
you were okay
I was just hypothetically being you
I'm not purporting to really know what
you feel about the different film
projects have been in you've never seen
it but you're a fan of it you see my
County Central you guys trust me we need
to get all this out of the way what is
happening there's no other job like this
you know where you go on stage or not on
stage even but like what if I worked at
a law office and I just came in and
you're like hey sang in the break room
I'll like take up that coffee guy sign
your cubicle - that's pretty good and I
don't really like cubicles I feel like
you're a poor man's office and one woman
screamed for that and another woman died
for that
yeah
I gotta change my mind around Trump so
that I don't get depressed all right
like what if we just don't understand
his motivation like it's on us to fix
our paradigm so that this man makes
sense
what if Trump is just doing a
make-a-wish right a dying race is cute
right let's call them little races Tim
right little races Timmy got brain
cancer he's not gonna live very long all
you want to do is meet his hero so he
pulled out his prey guy gets that hunt
stop scribbling like deer president
Trump you know and he puts like a look
at better a flag so it gets sent to the
White House and shrimp reads he's like
yeah I got it I got it I got a grant
this I gotta let you I got a grant a
little racist Emmys wish so he gets an
Air Force One he flies down to
Mississippi
all right that's relived I am
little races Timmy have gotten sicker he
has now on his death bed because all he
wishes to meet the president so
president trouble over the hospital
you see if little races Timmy you know
on the bed
that little rinses Timmy what can I do
for you before you pass and he's almost
little on his last breath
he's like President Trump
[Music]
[Music]
imagine if we had lantern light still
can you imagine lanterns that's how we
got around with light lanterns not long
it takes to get a lantern going you got
to get that going
you don't see what like back in the day
what somebody heard a strange noise in
the house they had to get the lantern
going to check it out you know how long
they're safe and they're back in the day
families did everything together so they
went to check on it as a unit as a
family to it the mother will wake up at
home oh oh what's that noise what's that
no you know they always live in the same
room Oh Oh Jarrod I wake up jumper done
Bartholomew while some of you further
sir good Penelope Gertrude crows
Bartholomew Julius week apart I heard it
again d'italia that can't be heard it
mother what's going on I heard a noise
kids hand me those matches the seals out
here we don't see yous out here kids let
me just get this landing going kids
you just get this land and going its
pitch black is this pitch black I stay
close to my kids stay close to me we
don't see what's going on out here who's
out here who who's out here then then
when you drop a lantern it's gonna burst
into flames the whole house is going up
when you drop a landing that's another
hands we don't have to deal with
McKinley with burning mother I know kids
I'm sorry the crook is burning with a my
oz lanterns
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos the lyrics
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vanya's
don't block your blessing uh yeah
my girlfriend I was to a sex party and
yeah it's going to get more unchristian
as the night goes along
i I would die if I was in Louisiana
telling these satanic stories so we were
at a sex party and we had never gone
before it's a couple like I've done
separately in my personal life and also
I understand I need to take a second
because I don't look like the type of
guy who does this I look like the type
of guy who has a high score in whatever
game I would play they like set us up so
we we went to a sex party and she was
like oh I want to have sex with a guy
and you at the same time like okay look
I can go shopping so we picked the guy
and he cheated me quickly we were like
oh that one no let's go to the next one
so she just goes that one and I was like
okay so we met him he had a German
accent which is weird because I'm Jewish
so is she so there's clearly some kind
of fetish there with the [ __ ] soldier
in the prisoner I don't know what's
going on and we had it was it was great
we had a good time I was like but I was
like frankly and so I oh that's just fun
with words come on
and but she had told me afterward she's
like you know I'd rather would do that
again with someone that I know and I was
like okay if it's someone that I don't
know that's fine so she brings a guy
over they came and watched me at a show
I did great that's not important the
story but she still know that and we go
back to the apartment and what she
didn't reveal to me until we're all like
naked is that he's bi and I'm not and he
I that's fine it doesn't bother me
he couldn't wrap his mind around this
he's like straight he's like are you
sure I was like sure yes and I mean I
get it I don't look like a gay lesbian I
don't know if that makes any sense to
you guys
so he was like okay I'm definitely gonna
[ __ ] you before the nights over
girlfriend I was like sir that is
assault
that is a soul but you can give it your
best shot
girlfriend and so they're having sex
that I'm watching and jerking off now
for those of you haven't had a threesome
with two guys in a girl before I don't
mean like I was in a corner like that's
what you do to keep your boner while
they're doing it and he turned to me
while he's inside my girlfriend and says
oh by the way you had a great set
tonight and I was like go on my
girlfriend on all fours turns around
looking over you [ __ ] kidding me
and I am so [ __ ] hard I just really
huge load over her back of ego and it
was so fun hey guys I work here at the
Laugh Factory and you know I hand-picked
that at a clip you just saw it's one of
my favorites I chose it with care and
love so if you loved it - go ahead and
hit the like button and the subscribe
button because if you do so it would
make me a happy boy
my mana was believing the fresh black
people were just finally coming around
as a whole people coming around an idea
depression I think we didn't believe in
mental illness because white people took
it so serious they were like that [ __ ]
look corned beefs a chemical that's how
we felt originally but now we're like oh
this is like my mom she didn't believe
that [ __ ] my first out of comm all
comics are losers so like my first
started comedy comes used to come to you
like hey Jack I'm depressed I feel I
don't feel worth it as a person what
should I do my life I'm like [ __ ] go do
a cartwheel on some grass sorry [ __ ]
chewing away at me and I thought the
same [ __ ] bro like I remember I had to
call my mom dad you came woman but your
master's degrees principal was like hey
mom I'm depressed yeah they got this
yada yada that and she went hot ironic
that I got a c-section just Oh twenty
four years later my son could come out
of [ __ ] and then she just hung up the
phone and I just sat there for a second
I was like damn man my mom is funny Dale
boy she got the Jews good timing
everything was there I liked you you
seemed to give me be like there's
something to fly when something that
don't but I'm enjoying the time being
had
how do you mm-hmm 23 yeah
not in a weird way everybody's like
she's right there like no one's up your
early twenties are fun [ __ ] you feel
invincible you feel like you could never
die you feel like I'm a legend I'm an
icon nothing can touch me do you hit
about 23 24 you're just like I don't
even know if I know how to read anymore
I don't know what happened bro I just I
was so confident now I just see no one
tells you you be in the middle of a
[ __ ] target looking for pillows
you just like oh oh this is [ __ ]
none of this is worth anything I'm just
an avoid that's wild
like your parents don't prepare you for
a world that's being that's why there's
so much anxiety with people that's why
everyone's be nervous to [ __ ] cuz no one
teaches no one that's okay to not know
you don't know that's fine no we always
teach our kids dumb shape brush your
teeth wear a condom that's it whatever
we should be tucking in our kids ain't
good night baby you're my queen you're
my princess and you're my star but I
just won't let both of you guys know
that one day randomly you're gonna both
know neither of you matter and nothing
around you matter you kind of just
floating through a space that we've kind
of cultivated to a point that we think
it makes sense but really we should just
be [ __ ] and raping and pillaging but
we just decided to make it we decided to
make it a stable universe because [ __ ]
didn't like that
[Music]
guys I'm half asian and half Latino and
yeah thank you and it's like really
weird being mixed or biracial or cute
you know whatever a PC term you guys
want to use cuz like strangers will come
up to me and try to guess the races
I'd be like hey man are you half white
and half whatever that little kid from
up was but be any half asian and half
Latino I kind of want to knock up a girl
who is half white and half black just to
see what I kid will look like which
isn't the best reason to have a kid but
it's not the worst yeah
way worse reasons to have kids and I
really want to be able to make like this
hypothetical quad racial baby so that
one day when it grows up it's like hey
Dad was I a mistake and I can be like no
you weren't a mistake but you were a
joke a really good one of that people
love this you're a great dad joke I
happy to be here cuz a lot of white
people here that's cool I love white
people I love you guys you guys invented
Buffalo Wild Wings and I love Buffalo
Wild Wings my favorite place on earth I
was that Buffalo wallowing is the other
night and there's a MMA fight on the top
vision I was a aging guy fighting a
white guy with dreads so it's real easy
for me to pick a side well it's not hard
at all like for real like Who am I gonna
root for like someone I could kind of
relate to or one of the bad guys from
the Matrix Reloaded was that hard and
there was this group of drunk white
people at the bar and they were rooting
for the white guy with dreads and they
were rooting for him by chanting USA USA
USA listen I don't want to assume that
these drunk white people voted for Tom
but they for sure voted for Mitt Romney
in 2012
yeah like sometimes you could just tell
right
and the the asian guy lost the fight the
white guy with dreads won but then the
post fight interview started and that's
what we all found out that the white guy
with dreads was from Europe
and the Asian guy was from New Hampshire
maybe the way to say no it was such an
amazing moment I was like god bless
Buffalo Wild Wings
[Music]
nobody scared of like people no more
piss me off he's gonna mean like back in
the 80s and 90s when I was growing up we
were on top of the food chain in terms
of tough and it was the Mexicans and
then everybody just kind of fell in you
know nobody's afraid of us I was playing
ball the other day and this little
indian dude fouled me I said man I will
whoop your ass he said who you're
talking to
[Applause]
I'm talking these who are your dog in
central New Delhi is a sound such a New
Delhi
[Music]
look I don't like to get political okay
it's a feeling like separates people who
seem to be having fun together but
buckle up all right cuz I don't like how
my people are being treated all right I
hate how people are talking to them I
think it's disrespectful it's wrong I
think we deserve better
okay all I'm saying okay stop
you don't have to do it anymore all
right [ __ ] all these other five to five
foot nine people I can't stand them let
me be booked front uh Frank okay let me
be blunt I love little people okay
I love little people people in a
wheelchair that you know why does they
don't ask me for [ __ ] okay
they for your life out on their own they
don't ask me for anything
all right I don't like the way people
five to five foot nine don't realize how
amazing life is for them and I mean like
we have unreal expectations put on us
it's just unbelievable like I can't get
hurt everybody immediately says oh
you're so big come on I'm like I'm not
Wolverine okay this is not gonna like
regenerate quickly I don't get it I
can't be afraid like I'm not Superman er
so it's like I'm scared I have feelings
you know it's the one that makes me mad
we can't get mad yeah we can't get angry
and that pisses me off you know cuz if
I'm like five foot seven and I'm mad
people are like what's wrong with Mike
you know I'm the only
they let it slide and they want to know
you know if it's like a little person
they're just like oh that's so cute the
way he gets mad what if it's me they
like whoa why's the tree shaking you
know they just pissed on I don't like
and I don't like that man it's unreal
expectations you know and it's like you
know what pisses me off even more it's
like they always ask us you know to get
them [ __ ] like off the top shelf with
like no hesitation it's like really
quick they're just like um can't get it
hey can you get that [ __ ] for me off the
top shelf like they're not like are you
busy like I'm not over here trying to
progress in life do my work by trying to
get a raise
trying to raise you know money for
myself just trying to get better in life
and they just requested like there's a
vertical tax and they're cashing it in
right now you know it's like hey Trumper
[ __ ] get that [ __ ] right why cuz your
DNA is lacking that's why I have to get
that [ __ ] I don't like it it's just I
don't know I just find it unbearable you
know and they always see the same [ __ ]
you know they're just like oh you're
just so much closer to it than I am like
it'd be cool if I drop my keys and go
hey can you get that for me just so much
[Applause]
I feel better okay
[Music]
