who do you think's okay who do you
think's that use you to raise I mean
just yell it out boys or girls boys boys
every once in a while a little frail
woman will yell girl she's probably
being threatened but anyway we love our
girls I love my girls I truly do and I
know that when I'm in the nursing home
they'll be the ones to come and pluck my
chin hairs because my boy will be off
with his wife and her people because he
sent to me he brought her home and he
said you got a terrible look on your
forehead and I said oh it's nothing
against her it's just I'm jealous
because I thought she would only love me
I know that's twisted I know it is but
he was the best thing that ever happened
to me all right my kids all yell at me
and my husband everybody's in a bad mood
all the time and he's the only one
that's never fussed at me and he was
just the sweetest child growing up and
so when he said he was gonna marry some
money and move off oh it was awful but
let me say that I love her and they live
near us and she's like another child to
me and it has been a blessing she is
very sweet and he's forgiven me for my
forehead looks but anyway but he said to
me right before they got married he goes
mom she's gonna be my immediate family
you're now my extended family he said
mom that's biblical I thought why did I
show him the Bible
let me tell you about him he's an old
soul have you ever met anybody that was
an old soul he was born an 80 year old
man he has had a garden since he was in
sixth grade he plays the mountain
dulcimer in the banjo he would works
he makes spoons
he makes spoons I mean he is so yummy
all right his favorite music is gospel
bluegrass his favorite well-known okay
good thing I think of doing all right
his favorite artist was dr. Ralph
Stanley dr. Ralph look at you no one who
dr. Ralph Stanley is okay for those of
you you don't he was on the oh brother
where art thou that is probably the most
famous thing he did but he was the
Godfather Mountains so he ended up dying
it like 92 it had a little cowboy hat
propped on his head yummy okay he would
come through Knoxville and I would take
my son to see dr. Ralph when my son
couldn't drive they prompt little dr.
Ralph up on stage because he was so old
I almost threw my panties at him because
that's what you do to Tom Jones
and I love him but anyway I was standing
there listening to dr. Ralph Stanley
singing gospel bluegrass and I think to
myself how many teenage boys are
listening to this water teenage boys
listening to Rihanna waka flocka flame
some of that nasty goin zone I thought
wouldn't it be funny if I'd to yell at
my boy turn that gospel bluegrass down
you're out of control if I hear I saw
the light one more time thank y'all so
much for watching my special now I need
you to watch my entire special for $0.99
and then click it and then I need you to
watch more clips and then click it and I
don't know what you're supposed to be
clicking but they tell the young people
are telling me I don't understand but
just click it
and don't get me wrong because I had
that Beyonce envy that Hair Weave envy
oh yeah I was one of those black girls I
wanted that kind of hair hey I'll tell
you why because I want to know what it's
like to be white to get your hair wet to
be able to be on time for work no idea
what it's like but Beyonce has has but
Beyonce has white people fool they're
like oh my god she's so gorgeous on that
hair color I'm like in a black woman
alive that got hair looking like Lucille
Ball okay there ain't a woman alive I'm
gonna do an impression of the Super Ball
I do it I do it will they feel like
impressions alright anybody see the
halftime show okay all right so I gotta
have you guys clap to the single lady
song okay
she looked like Satan what was she doing
I was like Beyonce did you step on your
corn what happened
yes I have learned about my husband
after 28 years of marriage and that is
that he and I cannot role play we cannot
role play because it never ends well
give an example the sitting on my
computer got my hair up in a bun I'm
wearing my reading glasses my husband
comes in and sees this and says hey
there sexy secretary
alright wants to roleplay we could do
this I say good morning boss how do you
like your coffee yes now this is where
my husband supposed to say I like my
coffee hot like you instead my husband
says I like my coffee hot and black but
I'm not black he said yeah but that's
how I like my coffee I think you do know
there's no actual coffee in this
scenario don't you he says if there's no
coffee then why did I hire you we didn't
get laid and I'm unemployed what the
hell joke guys what the hell hey guys I
work here at the Laugh Factory and you
know I hand-picked that a clip you just
saw it's one of my favorites I chose it
with Karen love so if you loved it too
go ahead and hit the like button and the
subscribe button because if you do so it
would make me a happy boy
um I feel like you could tell a lot
about someone by just simply reading
their quotes on Facebook right this is
the [ __ ] that we all live by I'll give
you an example my friend Tara her quote
is um just live your life like no one's
watching and she is such a [ __ ] you
could
she's such a ho-bag you guys she's
living your life just like no one is
watching her like isn't that when were
the shittiest people what no one is
watching us I am like I'm a disgusting
person when no one's watching me I will
just pick my booger and I like to roll
it like the hard one okay the soft ones
of it
those I just stick on my nightstand but
the hard ones you guys the hard ones I
like to flick in a spot but only I know
it lands and then I just watched my
roommate walk on it
I a lot of people know this about me and
I'm not sure if you guys know I I'm not
financially stable mentally stable
either but I'm adorable so I can get
away with it but I did something pretty
crazy a couple months ago I traded in a
perfectly good moving vehicle that got
me from here to there for a Vespa okay
so hang tight story gets worse it's AJ
see how long it take you in one side of
town to another in a car I'd say about
30 minutes what about on a Vespa four
and a half days nobody told me that
there wasn't in the manual somebody owes
me an apology
forever why would you keep it well let
me tell you something invest but I was
saving so much money on gas zip it
around town 37 miles to the gallon
well 37 miles to a gallon just a heads
up in case you're buying a Vespa has one
[ __ ] gallons
so if you need me I'll be at a gas
station for the remainder of my life
have you ever thought to yourself on a
vest but am i an attractive person am i
good-looking will I settle down with an
attractive human being allow the
homeless people at red lights to
reaffirm that for you because when
you're in a car the safety of your car
you may go screw you guide lock lock
air-conditioning dance because that's
how we all drive when you're on a vest
button you pull right up to a red light
and a homeless man goes oh sweet tits
can I get on and he [ __ ] could at any
moment he can overpower my body and just
go take me to the farmers market
I need kale arugula heirloom tomatoes
the purple cod I'm making a salad it's
crazy out there
I made him much healthier than he
normally is
I'm happily married to such a babe and
we have a pretty good sex life but he
tried something a little different
the other night he was you know down
there and all of a sudden I felt this
you guys he literally blew i'ma hoo-hah
here's the thing we've been together for
10 years so when he tries new things in
the bedroom it lets me know he's been
watching porn right where else did he
learn that from I know men you guys
aren't standing around like hey so you
know what you should do you know what
she'll like blow on it just a little
blow on it and clearly this is a room
full of porn lovers I'm not so much a
fan ten years ago I asked my husband not
to watch porn and I like to just pretend
that he kept that agreement you know but
when he blows them a hoo-hah he gets
himself away you guys I ran that joke by
my mom to make sure that it wasn't too
crass and she didn't get it
I had thank you thank you very much um I
had to explain it to my mom so we
weren't close before we are now
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't have any pets but if I did have
a pet I want a cat I want a cat real bad
I just think they're so cute but I can't
have one cuz my wife's allergic which is
a Latin word that means selfish
[Music]
so but I still want wine I'm a woman
I've learned from other women that if
you want something you want change
sometimes you got to March for it so
I've just been marching around my house
lately
protesting why do I want kitty cat when
do I want it meow
a one little kitty cat any kind of kitty
cat an ugly little kitty pet a one-eyed
kid he can't win do I want it now
short-hair long-hair i will cherish mean
it kitty cat well unless it's hairless
was a deal breaker those are gross they
are there have you ever tried to pet a
hairless cat it's like trying to pet a
warm baked potato
it's purring and I want to butter it
it's hey hey ho ho find a cat with hair
let's take it home two four six eight
yeah I'm gonna get a cat take a Clara
ten so creamy
[Music]
I want a cat because I travel that's
that's why I can't have another animal
cuz you can leave a cat alone for like
six months you know you shouldn't but
you totally can yeah you leave a cab for
like six months with enough food and
water and litter and you come home six
months later cat is still alive and and
kind of mad passive-aggressive about it
but they'll still come up to you like Oh
meow where have you been
you're like oh oh I'm gonna have to
clean some poop out of some shoes couple
days cat's fine
try that with a dog's come home couple
months later you're like oh we're gonna
have to bury that yeah
so I do I travel a lot and I love to
travel I think you know I travel for
work because I'm a comedian but I also
travel for fun and bless you
and it's polite you say that it's like a
birthday wish so there wasn't one come
true I do I travel I travel for work but
I also travel for fun and one of my
favorite ways to travel is I love a
couples vacation I think it's the best
way to travel just you and your boo away
from home you know cuz the hardest thing
you ever have to do on a couple's
vacation is figure out should we eat
again we just ate I don't care I'm
snacky well we don't have anything else
do is just eels just be naughty let's
grab a sandwich mwah I love it you turn
into different people on a couples
vacation you say stuff to each other
you'd never stay at home like if you
wake up before me wake me up cuz I don't
want to miss the sunrise without you you
don't say stuff like that at home no and
home you're like if you wake up before
me and you wake me up I'll kill you
[Applause]
you wake up before me you just lay there
don't even get out of bed because you
cannot do that quietly because I don't
know what our sheets are made out of
Dorito bags
come on lay there try not to breathe so
loud why do you breathe so loud I love
you too hey did you know that Drybar
comedy has their own app download it
right now to watch save and share clips
and watch my whole special
I don't give a lot of [ __ ] you can
tell I'm pretty selfish my hair looks
great that's if a woman has great hair
she doesn't suck dick that often so very
thinning bad hair a lot of dick sucking
so so I was like okay I can do this for
me the only place I'll give a [ __ ] is
in the shower I thought maybe one man
would be like cool no it's weird it's
like not a nice thing to do I don't know
what it is about the shower I feel very
comfortable there it's something about
like you're already wet you can clean it
up a little bit
tears are welcome whatever so I get down
on my knees to perform the act of love
you say fellatio I say the love and he
looks down at me and he yells don't
drown and my response was I don't know
what other girls you've dated but I'll
stop before that happens like I don't
need this that much you know like this
isn't a mission I have to see through to
the end like this isn't my own personal
Apollo 11 like I don't even eat bananas
it's like I'll check out at any moment
I'm not that dedicated of a person I
haven't even finished Breaking Bad I'm
not gonna suck a dick till I die
I love that your son looked at you like
wow cool mom
no there's no such address tonight to
get here I came from all the way out
down south like the south so our stop
you know and I have a 2016 Hyundai
Sonata but I still treat it like my 2004
tempos like I look at the gas here they
always like zero miles to empty but I'm
like oh this electric I know my gas I
know I got a little more I know I can
make it you know it's like my old car
you know that Hank it's a ticking
ticking ticking ticking ticking like my
car got a shake now you got to do some
[ __ ] let me really know I might be
really out of gas on my way here my
shoes like all like this might be the
big one this might be P I don't know why
the hell they make all these bp's on a
little hump like they don't know we run
in the black out of gas back in the
traffic i'm like oh [ __ ] all right
so here I am praying for a miracle I'm
like father god I'm just trying to get
to the Laugh Factory to make a few
laughs and you got me out here in the
street of mirrors like this I know I
know I know zero my safety it means it
I'm sorry
oh the knock on my window it's like this
very cracking like
he wasn't that funny like Louie like you
need a little help
[Applause]
listen I look oh my god if I don't like
a knight like yes he he pushes me to the
pump it's my other carry like an
assistant fairy godfather cranky
community you know I am on the wrong
side
this is me looking stupid
[Applause]
Hey post-breakup y'all he like that you
need a little help oh my god I need to
get something say he's gonna cut you
loose from my fan
all I got is a doc he was like yes II
who is me to the other side
I got here bang yo Mike come on
[Applause]
[Music]
then you had to walk away your Jedi robe
that sucked
I'm glad I'm married I love being
married equally hated being single I was
not good at being single hard to meet
women when your pickup line includes an
apology and the Star Wars quote an
insecure and broke is one thing insecure
broke and single that's the frosting of
a loser cake I did this one time this is
true when I was single I'm in the bank
of the transaction I asked the teller
out then I realize I just asked someone
out who's looking at a computer view of
my financial situation
[Laughter]
[Applause]
there is nothing you can say at that
very moment
I've got other accounts is one I keep
negative my wife is great my wife's in
Texas are married to Texan and I
remember when I proposed to her I told
her I'm from Hawaii and I sure would
love to stay in this country my wife is
great we've been married 16 years that
is very nice of you but we've been
together 23 I have to say that because
she wants credit for time served mérida
not been together a long time 23 years
we bent a bar cuz 23 years ago pretty
much what you had to do we didn't have
your texting in your match.com you had
to be rejected face to face then you had
to walk away in your Jedi robe that
sucked
no you do want to dance these aren't the
dorks you're looking for you're a dork
23 years have been together I realized
last year how long my wife and I been
together we had a power outage in our
neighborhood one night and we're looking
out the window everything street lights
out every house the whole neighborhood
is pitch black and I hear my wife's boys
say this so did you pay the bill no I
made them so bad they went you don't
want shut the whole town down I hate
that guy
[Laughter]
hey I realize she's half joking but that
still means half her brain win you know
it could have been him
23 years have been together my wife and
I have been together so long that she
could be mad at me and I could not know
why and I'm cool with that because I've
learned that knowing doesn't help at all
I don't know what causes a hurricane but
I do know what it's time to hide in the
bathroom I know that part she was mad at
me in the morning one time I just woke
up what could I have done I'm not
kidding I wake up I walk out I sit down
I can't believe you know cuz you're just
talking about something I was gonna say
and then you done are you mad at me well
yes I am here comes a rookie mistake
why right I asked here's why she was mad
at me and I'm not making this up my wife
was mad at me because I cheated on her
in her dream yeah you ever took a test
where there were no correct answers I
did there's nothing you can do you just
sit there and hope for a UFO abduction
that's all you got I can't believe you
did that well I didn't do that oh yes
you did you had a penguin head on a
reggae hat but I knew with you the whole
time
[Laughter]
so I did the only thing I could think to
do I went back to sleep and apologized
to her in my dream so
[Applause]
that is so sweet I am so excited to be a
part of this and and I can't thank a bit
angel for including me here a big grin
applause urban angel put together the
comedy I'm honored to be a part of it
you know you spend years on the road
hoping some day you get the record of
special and then you'll record that
special and then people in your life get
to watch it and say wow he's gained
weight that's what they'll say so I'm
excited to be here I live in Seattle
Washington
not originally from the Northwest born
and raised in Hawaii I am Hawaiian or as
they pronounce it in Arizona suspicious
I had a woman come up to me after a show
at time 2000 Hawaii when time I was in
this place called kilala lali lali and
she asked me what does that mean again
well the way you pronounce it it means
please take my purse
funniest one this guy goes how long have
you lived in the States
you mean other than the one I was born
and raised in he got snippy you got mad
at me well you know what I mean yeah I
know what you mean
but it's wrong you can't say wrong stuff
and blame me what if I said to him how
long you been a woman long time
oh man woman it's just words you know
I'm not familiar with your mainland
semantics I don't know I love your
Hawaiian pizzas because we Hawaiians are
so famous for our Canadian bacon you
know I grew up near the Canadian bacon
trees Oahu we'd climb up knock the bacon
off the branches
you want a Hawaiian pizza but spam on
that bad boy there's your hole and eat
so many of you have been there it's true
Hawaiians love spam I didn't realize how
I moved away that nobody else does
we love spam and regular not light they
have spam light because if you're
health-conscious
you're probably shopping for spam is
this gluten free is it spam light it
says in the can it's low salt you know
what spam without salt is clay as you
heard my name is Kermit appeal appeals a
Hawaiian named Kermit is not I had
someone asked me Kermit is at your stage
name yes I chose that one yeah
it's real name my parents gave it to me
my mom was trying to be nice Kermit is a
Celtic word meaning great warrior it's
also an American word meaning Frog mom I
hated the first day of school so much
they're taking attendance uh Kermit up
he'll you see every kid with a weird
name going yes not gonna be me
frog boy's gonna get it all year long
hey Seamus sunflower you hearing this I
come home my mom would ask me how is
your first day my name is Kermit mom
take a guess
oh and thanks for the green bell-bottoms
they're helping
oh by the way for those of you under 40
the bell-bottoms are pants the one
element I don't blame my parents I
wasn't named after the Frog because that
would have been mean wouldn't it
bossun snuffleupagus was too hard to
spell I was named after a football
player that is true my mom went into
labor on a Sunday morning my dad is
watching football there's a lion back
over the Miami Dolphins named Kermit
Johnson who had a really good game that
day
well what TV man I'll tell you what I'm
so glad he wasn't watching the Chicago
Bears and Dick Butkus
cuz I'm Butkus appeal now go ahead and
beat me up now no I don't need lunch
money I'm buckets and that's where my
comedy career started I love my job it's
a great job but I've been doing it a
long time so it kind of scares me
because you know what I realized this is
my job skill if I ever have to do a job
interview it will not go well I won't
know what to say just um how about a big
round of applause for the other
applicants with qualifications lazy and
sarcastic what do you got eight hours in
a row that's like a week and a half for
me I work an hour a day when I have a
bad day at work it's bad for an hour
I got 23 to get over it you know how's
the bad show I think I'll hit the snooze
alarm 247 times my buddy said well
you're self-employed that's cool
I don't know self-employed and in debt
doesn't mean all that much
well that means is the company picnic
sucks
but I was Employee of the Year again
though I was awesome I know that's two
out of three years that's awesome you
guys are nice what else guys I have 49
turn 49 recently and then thank you to
people that's exactly right
that's the exact two people district
book that's all that differs it deserves
truly you don't you don't really cheer
on 49 it's not alone not even your own
like you don't wake up on your 49th
birthday just yeah whoo this bump is new
don't get me wrong you're happy to get
to a birthday in your 40s you're just
not going nuts over it because really
all it means is that you have been
around kind of a long time you know I
got to think about this I was in school
so long ago I remember making ashtrays
in art class remember that anybody
yeah youngsters that's what we did we
made ashtrays in school did you imagine
suggesting that little idea to the head
that teacher be on the ground with a PTA
mom's foot on his head we're on lockdown
or not lockdown Sara get my iPad we need
to make a Facebook group now we made
ashtrays in school you have to use your
nine year old finger to make a cigarette
wedge that was weird I'm gonna put
glitter on it
we made addiction cute that's what we
were doing all right kids get your
welders mass we're making shot glasses
for mommy let's do this oh and if you
haven't finished your macaroni bombs get
them done let's go it's almost Christmas
time in the 70s and that's how we roll
anytime someone tells me 40 years old
you know what I do I would tell you what
I do I take my Walkman out of my Members
Only jacket and I don't listen to them
that's what I do
alright once again for those of you
under 40 the Walkman was a musical
listening device kind of like the iPod
only steam-powered really it's amazing
how far we've come in technology just in
our lifetime amazing I'm watching a
movie with my kids okay a little bit of
an older movie all of a sudden my son
goes why is the phone on the wall just
put me on a scooter and point me to a
home I'm done
it's v-neck sweater time for me I'm old
that makes you feel sold and you got to
explain to a kid you have you wanted to
talk to somebody you have to stand near
the wall sure the rich kids are the long
cord they could get to the fridge you
know when you look at a kid's face when
you tell them that you might as well
scratch it in hieroglyphics
here's phone ears wall then we hit
Buffalo on how to make feast it's a
whole different world men technology has
changed the way we look at our lives
everything is instant everything is now
and it has to be hey anybody remember
when I don't know was a perfectly good
answer to a question
remember that hey who was that guy he
was in that movie with Stallone who's
that guy I don't know huh me neither
let's move on with our lives
right life was simpler than you tried do
that now who's that guy that movie I
don't know why is your phone dead idiot
are you on 3G hashtag loser you
everything is instant you want to listen
to a song it's on your phone your phone
is wherever you are seconds later
there's a song amazing
anybody who remember trying to find a
song on a cassette remember those days
bring a book and a lunch it's an
afternoon finding that thing stop rewind
stop play that's not a stop rewind it's
on the other side
[Laughter]
stop eject turn over clothes
I should shave again remember trying to
reel up the beginning part there's my
over 40's there they are they're getting
this this is the over-40 gang sign ready
[Applause]
don't make me bust out my pencil yo by
the way if you're under 30 I don't have
time to explain which is I love watching
people under 30 watch me do that I don't
understand what's happening it's that a
flash drive this guy is stupid you know
they say that 40 is the new 30 but
apparently that's if you work out I
guess 220 is not the new 180 you know
although 930 is the new midnight I know
that much
[Applause]
my older 40s love that joke just yeah
three exhausted but that's what I love
about the 40s that you can laugh at a
joke like that in public and have no
problem with it the 40s you make an
amazing transition where you accept your
life you buy into your own reality and
it's okay you don't run from it
you don't pretend you don't hide you
know what public I'm tired
deal with this yeah
dress socks and cargo shorts booze so
what yes I'm wearing a visor hats are
too much for me now who needs all that
drama
I love the 40s you accept the reality
and life gets easier in your 20s I'm
gonna change the world in your 30s I'm
gonna change my community in your 40s oh
wow oh I might leave the house oh wait I
still have root beer and string cheese
not today but tomorrow good sweatpants
we're doing this
that's what I learned in your 40s you
make an amazing transition and here's
something I learned about it if you're
not ready to make that transition your
body will make it for you
I hurt my back a couple years ago
nothing major I just tweaked my back but
you know how I tweaked my back here it
is get ready sleeping that's what I did
wrong
at this point lying down is an extreme
sport for this
I am not kidding going from here about
there that's it
that's what my body goes whoa slow it
down LeBron take it easy I am one good
sneeze from my spleen exploding that is
my life here's one I hurt my knee
washing dishes I didn't hit my knee I
didn't fall oh my knee
I was washing dishes and went from
perfectly fine to oh that's it that's
the whole story folks take that story to
the bars oh really you crushed your knee
in a motorcycle accident well let me
tell you something I got a ceramic dish
that's a little too heavy me and you
brother up top oh not so hard I got a
wok you shold over here slow it happened
but here's the one here's the one this
is the most recent and it is I'm getting
in the car all of a sudden I noticed
this hand grabbed this leg and bring it
in the car
that is a real thing in my world right
now this leg that used to propel me to
dunk a basketball is now a carry-on and
let me say it again
I noticed it I didn't start doing it
it's been happening for a while without
my knowledge it's like the body went you
know what the lake needs help but let's
get it done
don't tell the brain keep it on the
down-low if we tell the brain it's Dave
Matthews playlist and sobbing all day
nobody wants that you do what you can I
joined I joined a health club it's 30
bucks a month which breaks down to about
30 bucks a workout
[Laughter]
[Music]
it's four blocks on my house I'd Drive
don't judge dub judge me it's not
technically a health club it's more it's
one of those what do they call those
those a Mexican restaurant here's the
thing after a large burrito and hot
sauce I'm tired and sweaty when I walk
out of there but like I said in your 40s
you don't worry you don't take it as
seriously you find the humor you don't
get mad here's one thing I learned and I
find humor sir when you turned 40 you
become invisible to women under 30 and
that's fine I'm a happily married guy I
just don't want to be crossing the
street and get hit by a red Pontiac
Solstice we all go to blue bubble Santa
didn't see anything what happened I
sense something that had no long-term
goals but I didn't see it at all must
have been a sad rabbit or something
right
well I'm a dad we have two children
Grover and Kermit jr. I love them
I love being a dad best thing ever to
happen to me by far and she'll be honest
it was not my idea it's the greatest
thing in my life my wife had to talk me
into it I had to be convinced I was like
yeah I can't build anything from the
IKEA but let's make a person that's a
good idea I just spent ten hours on a
farmer the huqin or something that telev
it's a coffee table or a bunk bed but
yeah people sure oh I have this extra
bag of bolts unscary yeah let's do this
I'm your guy
she was right you learned what you need
to learn and you learn quickly you and I
learned very early on did you know this
did you know there are two six 30s no
I'm serious there's an early one and it
happens every day
and it sucks
you're leaning against the window what
is the Sun doing over there honey the
neighbors have chickens did you know
that it doesn't end at baby time it
keeps going
apparently there's a thing called
breakfast apparently kids I supposed to
Haddie I am NOT a breakfast person I
used to eat breakfast in my 20s but I
cannot stay up that late anymore
we didn't call that breakfast
don't worry that jokes that for
everybody just the alcoholics there with
me dinner I am I'll see them at Denny's
that's gonna happen everything's
exciting with your dad you celebrate
every moment my daughter turned one that
was a big day not you kid that's because
my first child is having her first
birthday because Wow
I've kept a human being alive for a year
there's a dog a hamster and a few plants
that would be very surprised to hear
that
I've had screensaver fish die how does
that happen
sea monkeys call me a Diablo you're
always a dad it becomes who you are even
when you're not around the family that
is how powerful it is I was hanging out
couple buddies of mine - both younger
the most single we're in a bar I stood
up I promise you I said this yeah I
gotta go potty
what did you just say I said I got a
punch somebody why I was gonna go over
there and punch somebody and then go
potty god I need to go night-night
it's 9:30 you already love being a dad
and you enter into a whole new universe
one that you do not know is there TV
shows
bunch of TV shows I didn't know existed
now I know everything about them and I
understand I was one of these people but
he cracks me up with people who don't
have kids say things like wow and I have
kids I'm not I'm not just gonna plop up
in front of the TV
oh that's precious so you're not
planning on I don't know pooping for ten
years I am
will there be unicorns and this magical
land of yours where the body cleans
itself somehow I can't say what you're
gonna do in Parenthood Parenthood will
teach you as you go things that you have
no idea here's something I I did not
know and I know now you create language
as a parent I learned this when I heard
my wife say this to my children no no no
no no that's an and I knew what she
meant loosely translated that means I
need you to stop and put that down or
the cat is gonna die
that's a parent it does to a perfectly
good human being this articulate
intelligent woman I met 23 years ago now
says this know if you don't because I
did try try God
that was a poem I just read to you
people that is eight sentences shoved
into one mad haiku that's what that is
you lose control over your mouth when
you become a parent and when it starts
happening you cannot you cannot believe
it's you
here's my story on that same topic I
have a preteen daughter now and yes you
should pity me a lot I had no idea when
your sweet little girl becomes a preteen
you cannot be prepared for that moment
it's like being in a transformer movie
Oh a cool car big scary robot what's
happening
my daughter sprained her forehead from
rolling her eyes too hard that happened
she actually saw the back of her neck it
was impressive whatever dad
how has preteen daughter not been a
James Bond villain how is that not
happening you'll never get away with
this your face won't get away with that
[Laughter]
when you have a preteen daughter you
cannot fight every fight you cannot
argue every argument because they're
circular and psychotic they don't make
sense and they'll make you insane so you
can't you can't start the argument you
can't light the fuse you can't say
things like hey it's kind of chilly you
might want to put on a jacket that's a
real argument I had because I asked her
to put on a jacket you know what she
told me dad it makes me look poofy it's
a jacket that's not a thing
nobody's gonna see you are bi is that an
angry bag of tapioca I'm offended by
their the arguments with the preteen
daughter are crazy to the point where I
the one I'm gonna tell you about I don't
remember the topic of the argument I
don't remember what we were arguing
about that sounds stupid it was it could
have been something like I said hey
breathing is good and then she stopped
breathing why did you stop breathing
well you don't understand me and put it
in that I don't remember the topic of
the argument partly because what I do
remember is what I said to my daughter
who I loved dearly I love this girl so
much but in this moment I was getting
uptight I was getting angry and in the
middle of this argument folks not proud
here's what I said to my own daughter
you know what I'm gonna fart on your
neck I said
[Laughter]
what is wrong with me
why would you say that to any human
being on the planet ever what I heard it
I went all please don't have been me was
that me really what a bizarre thing to
say plus it doesn't exist I said
something that isn't real I am not
calling my own bluff here it's not like
okay put on some goggles on a turtleneck
let's get started it's not
I by the way once you've said that walk
away you are done you have lost the
argument you don't just lose that moment
you lose for a while because try
parenting after you said that to your
preteen daughter there's nothing you can
do it hey I'm gonna need you to clean
your room are you gonna fart on my neck
dad
maybe start with a toe burp see if I
learned anything that's when you tap out
mom you're in moving I am not good at
this
parenthood makes you crazy you make up
rules you're just trying to survive some
rules just get made up one time my son
called me right before I was about to go
on stage he said dad I have to finish
that math project by tomorrow
I need a protractor can you grab a
protractor any way home I said son I got
two shows tonight what time I get home
you're gonna be asleep why don't you ask
your mom to take you to store and get a
protractor and my son says oh no dad the
bra came off
[Applause]
I'm sorry what was that you said son I
didn't hear what you said what was that
again
no dad once the bra comes off we can't
leave the house well I was not consulted
on this new rule that's the real thing
in my house that I did not know wasn't
happening if it's summertime and you see
a woman in a store wearing a parka she
is mad I couldn't believe and then I
became very envious because I have
nothing like that in my life at all I
can't take off a sock and go oh that's
it
oh yeah put your jackets away we're not
going anywhere
you better hope there's not a fire we're
dying in here let the ankles breathe my
kids have Hawaiian features well they
definitely have my wife's Irish Texas
skin so when we're in Hawaii and they're
playing with her cousins doesn't matter
how far away I know which to or mine
yeah like a couple of Twinkies and a
bowl of Ding Dongs it is very obvious my
culture is very important to me you know
I grew up in Hawaii it's a lot of Who I
am
so though my kids are being raised in
Seattle I want them to be close to that
culture so very proud to say that since
she was five my daughter has danced the
hula and she plays ukulele and my son
eats a lot and he's always late so there
you go
[Applause]
so weird thing to think someone on the
planet is have you you know or an
article that a DD might be genetic so I
wrote a lot of apology to my kids okay I
started a lot of apology to my kids
they've come a long way they gave it a
name when I was a kid they didn't call
it a DD they call it the possessed by
the devil was a tournament we didn't
have riddlin we had boiled chicken feet
and pelted with mangoes or something why
are there leeches on my head
gonna suck out the evil you little freak
I am in an a DD book club we get
together once a month and just just talk
about the first page of books then we go
outside and try and find our cars and we
laugh at lab hour later oh wait I didn't
drive high-five you win dude once again
the EDD jokes aren't for everybody where
you select group of the audience and
sadly they are not paying attention at
this point in the show
I'll never make excuses as my promise to
you I don't like the excuse people I
murdered because I have ADHD it's why I
murdered me you're a liar
it's impossible here's what happened I'm
gonna kill that guy ooh pi PI is ADB
kryptonite that is that jump right there
folks PI has kept me from my greatest
accomplishments man there's a Denny's on
the way to everything so it's good to be
I've been traveling a lot do a lot of
flying and here's what I learned flying
through airports across America
apparently the smaller the town the more
I look Arab so I just go to some
airports on my underwear because they
let's save time ready to go whenever
given the choice between the x-ray or
the pat-down I will always choose the
pat-down number one I don't feel like
being radiated every time I fly and
number two I can close my eyes and you
are whoever I want you to be okay Anne
Hathaway you make this country safer
cages
I'm helping America find it they still
take your nail clippers but here's the
funny part not only do they take your
nail clippers they're required to ask
you why you brought them
it's in the name don't get me wrong I am
all for safety but here's the thing if
you try and take over the plane with
nail clippers I will beat the crap out
of you I haven't been in a fight since I
was 12 but it's go time I got this
you've been nail clippers I've got an
in-flight magazine with your name on it
and yes that's how I fight I didn't mean
to scare you folks I don't fight for
example here's why well two reasons this
ain't a winner treadmill putts here's
why I don't fight it's very simple I
have allergies you cannot fight when you
have allergies do you know why because
you can't begin you can't start now you
want to step outside outside No
well maybe if the pollen counts are low
I need to get boogie on your fist you're
angry already I'm gonna take a claritin
to beat that guy up before I get drowsy
remember it can be macho when you have
allergies you don't even try anymore
really gonna take me down so does air
congratulations you're gonna hit my eye
and make it well up just like particles
of a flower look at you you're like a
damn allied Hulk smash let's do this
I was in Charlotte North Carolina get
this 20 Hawaiians came to see the show
in Charlotte North Carolina
20 on staying well this must be witness
protection program 20 people made that
decision I am sick of paradise honey
North Carolina pack it up I'm tired of
80% humidity let's go 497 let's do this
I see another rainbow I'm gonna freak 20
no more Hawaiians in Charlotte North
Carolina than there were on nine years
of magnum p.i once again for those of
you under 40 it was a show in Hawaii
with no Hawaiians
my buddy goes have you seen that new
Hawaii five-o there's a couple Hawaiians
on there
okay but here's a secret they're Korea
only missed it by an ocean you never see
Hawaiians they're supposed to be ever
watched at Pearl Harbor movie apparently
there were no Hawaiians in Hawaii during
World War two looks like the Japanese
attacked Idaho for some reason what
happened I couldn't find one Hawaiian
actor who can do this
[Laughter]
you know where you do see Hawaiians on
TV Dog the Bounty Hunter there's my
peeps right there how high do you have
to be to get caught by Dog the Bounty
Hunter
really Wow there's three SUVs camera
crew and a mullet the size of a
Clydesdale dude I'm gonna wait here and
see how this plays out that's an
impressive mullet if you're gonna go
mullet go all the way that is a
blackbelt mullet that is business in the
front and Christina Aguilera in the back
it's like a jellyfish wearing a Trojan
helmet it's gorgeous
what better way to accessorize a mullet
yes
leather absolutely leather pants leather
tank top I believe that is when you get
a leather tank top masochist gap is that
a store I didn't know Thunderdome has a
ball seriously all I'm asking is this is
there not a mirror by the door on the
way out of the dog and if there is of
merit as you walk by it and go yeah I
got it right again I want to look like
the Cowardly Lion on a Harley boom there
it is I want to look like Joe Dirt at a
techno rave nailed it
let's go catch Hawaiians
I was on Interstate 90 in Eastern
Washington I saw State Patrol minivan
I'm gonna say that again I saw State
Patrol minivan folks you know what would
suck being pulled over a minivan I'd be
a horrible day you driving a lot uh no
way getting busted by a family of five
it'd be worse than that being taken down
to the station and the mini packages
don't make me come back there I'll be
handcuffed in the back over there yet oh
hey there yet are we there yet
oh wait he's touching me oh yeah there
yet okay Taco Bell Taco Bell Taco Bell
Taco Bell talk how about
so where's my getting pulled over story
which I hope you can use cuz I learned
it the hard way it is my gift to you if
you're driving in the winter and it's
freezing cold outside and you get pulled
over
just remember this there is no law that
says how long it has to take to find her
license
I'm gonna turn in the heat now it's cold
out there man those of you over 40 you
can explain this with the people under
14 please I'm really glad you came out
thank you very much have a good night
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
ah yes Mazel Tov I'm so sorry the Jew
and me sometimes just awakens out of
nowhere did someone just get circumcised
that was exciting are you guys are you
guys Persian Jews are you guys yes Oh
see no don't wow that that's snow no
I'll tell you why it's not fair because
you look like turn the plane around and
then you're like it's confusing the
Persian Jew is like such an anomaly
because you like they look angry but
they're walking on Saturday you know I
don't know how to approach you I'm just
a regular Soviet run-of-the-mill you
know just mustache matches the chin
hairs just regular I'm Soviet Communist
KGB Jew right you have no idea I'm
talking about do you sweet nuts you're
looking at me crease
you know something right you remember
the KGB communists must get moose and
squirrel that's my I'm that can I just
do one thing I don't mean to be forward
yes unbutton your top button are you
what's why is it all the way did you
that's you're from England
oh [ __ ] all right yeah button it up
yikes you would not want to let loose in
America is that how you guys wear it in
England Chisholm is that why your voices
always go alright alright alright just
unbutton it alright like that would be
bad makes sense it what do you want to
spot to take just [ __ ] unbutton it
relax let loose
are you are you also from the UK heosu
yeah what are you guys doing out here
did you want to see Persian Jews is that
why you guys
[Applause]
[Music]
oh you're very pretty girls you're like
those girls like go to Vegas you get all
the free [ __ ]
[Laughter]
it doesn't anyone on a date tonight well
[ __ ] that was depressing just one person
when she's actually just urinating she's
just
I used to do a lot of online dating I
was on a dating app called uber first of
all the man has a car that is half the
battle and he's picking you up so
chivalry is not dead
guys the Internet is a cruel cruel place
YouTube especially I posted my stand-up
video on YouTube recently and the first
comment that I got was she looks like
Jeremy Renner and then I looked up a
photo of Jeremy Renner and I was like oh
[ __ ] I do that's pretty good
another person commented and said she
looks like the middle photo of the three
stages of mess
sojust jeremy renner smoking the meth I
don't even know how you smoke Matt this
is just a Harry Potter movie I'm just
like my personal favorite comment was
her camel toe is throwing me off that
got 68 likes which is weird cuz the
video only got 25 likes then my dad
called me up and he's like Kayla what's
camel toe and I haven't spoken to him
since
[Music]
gotta have fun with it you gotta you
gotta make a living somehow i'm trying
still trying to pay off my eyes i had
lasik done you guys done that
lacy basic people yeah yeah
right up front
i know it's kind of scary right they
don't cause they don't tell you
everything up front or they didn't tell
me or i wasn't listening one or the
other
but i all i knew was uh they made it
sound easy and somebody has to drop me
off pick me up a couple hours later
can't drive home that's all i know
so i go in there thinking we'll get this
done in and out first thing they do they
take out my contacts now i can't see
right then they dilate my eyes now i
really can't see
then they give me enough vicodin to
knock out a rhino now i don't care that
i can't see
just me and one other guy in the office
i'm talking to him for like a half hour
it turns out he was a lamp
i didn't even care i'm like you're a
really good listener yeah
cause i'm feeling good right and then
the doctor comes in
and uh slides this little disclaimer
across the desk of everything that might
go wrong
like whoa that's a lot of things you
didn't mention
until just now may cause cordial ulcer
that doesn't sound good blindness wait
blindness
like blindness blindness hold on hold on
you guys know what you're doing right
because that's the exact opposite of
what i'm going for here
i'm trying to see better and that would
be not at all
like i'm a comedian but no one would
come to my show if they had to sign
something says hey normally he's really
funny but if things go wrong you may
never laugh again
that's a little over the top here
it's like oh no it never happens what
had to happen once or you wouldn't have
put it in there
no no it's a standard agreement all
standard
why does that work on us dan oh so we're
not just screwing me we're screwing
everybody okay
i just don't want to be the only one
going then i went blind but you guys
know right you know
so i got real indignant you know you
ever you ever get all worked up like i'm
not just gonna sign this i'm a reader
i'm gonna read all that
i get about two paragraphs down like i
don't understand a word of this
how long do i have to pretend to read
before i started
and then i just came in i just can't
wait to sign at this point
when once you cave in you can't sign it
fast enough right it's like when you
install software you just give up agree
agree agree agree your career
it could say anything transfer of all
worldly assets agree agree it's standard
sometimes they even bust you you didn't
even scroll down whatever scroll
agree agree
so i sign my life away right then they
take you in the little procedure room
and he leans me back in the chair he
patches one eye closed he
props the other eye open with these four
fish hooks
now he's talking to me through a speaker
from the next room now
look at the light what the heck else can
i do
and why are you hiding in the other room
what's that about what's about to happen
here
it's very important that you follow the
light dude you had me at blindness
i understand the gravity of the
situation
you made it clear if something goes
wrong it's my bad
i go blind you still get to drive your
beamer and i'm in the back going
standard agreement
so i'm watching that light like a hawk
man and it disappeared hello no light
hello my eye is open but no light is
coming in
is this blindness
this feels like blindness
marco
[Laughter]
can i have my contacts back
and then you smell something wait is
somebody cooking a cat in here
here's what he said oh it's your cornea
burning it's standard
i think that's why they strap you in
right so you don't run out of the
waiting room to warn the others don't go
in there
they burn your eyes and tell you it's
standard
it's only standard because they do it to
everybody
that's the only reason it's standard
it's people lasik is people
[Applause]
[Music]
and that was the expensive guy yeah good
thing i didn't cheap out you can get
down for like 300 bucks a night at crazy
eddie's eye hut
they'll back the van right up your house
and everything what new ice that's used
by prices two for one an eye for a knife
cheapest creepers let us fix your
peepers
the fda is shutting us down but that
means big
savings to you
order by three o'clock he'll come make
ice cream for you
you
that's why love is hard man love is very
hard you know i'll tell you i was i was
in a long-term
relationship uh but he didn't um he
didn't pop the question
yeah instead he asked me how i felt
about having an open marriage
and i was like well that depends on how
you feel about having an open casket
just i
didn't i didn't realize how difficult
dating was
until i saw this documentary about women
who are dating men in prison
yeah look i i don't know what these
ladies are thinking like well he may not
become a home to me but at least i know
where he is
they had they had one woman on there who
married a serial killer
now maybe my standards are a little too
high
but murder's a deal-breaker for me
cause here's the thing at some point
during our relationship
you're gonna feel like killing me
[Laughter]
i need to know that you can resist that
urge
[Applause]
now when you're when you're dating when
you're dating i think it's very
important to be careful of your language
like i hear women say all the time oh
there are no good men out there
that's not true i was walking across the
street one time
i didn't see this car speeding towards
me this man he reached out and he pulled
me back
and he was like i can't let somebody
pretty as you get hurt
i was like oh man if i was ugly i'd be
dead
you know a bad hair day and no makeup he
didn't shove me in front of the car
i mean that's why i try to dress nice
you guys
this isn't vanity this is safety
but this is uh this is just so wonderful
you know i
there's just so much so much stress in
the world i don't know if you saw
um or heard the statistic the number one
killer
in the united states right now is stress
the number two killer is a dude on my
block ninjuan
actually i'm sorry i'm sorry it's killer
quan
because you know instagram
follow him before he follows you
i think i think the most important thing
i've learned at least about
romantic relationships is that they all
need
the three c's they need three things
chemistry
compatibility and commitment right and
you need all three
because if you just have chemistry you
just have attraction
if you just have compatibility you just
have a friend
if you have commitment you got a stalker
i mean if that's what you're into
but none of that matters if you don't
have communication
right you have to talk to your partner
they did a study
and they found that married women who
force themselves to stay
quiet during arguments are four times
more likely to die
early that's how i know i'mma live
forever i even argue in my sleep and
another thing
[Laughter]
that's why it's just it's so it's so
important
we really need a good sense of humor to
get through life
right as a matter of fact and i think
it's a theme you heard it earlier
if you really want to live a stress-free
happy life
you have to do three things you have to
work like you don't need the money
love like you've never been hurt and
dance
like nobody's watching right
that's that's easier said than done
isn't it
because i think most of us work like
we're deep in debt love like we're
lonely and desperate and dan said we're
having a seizure
but i really do i really do believe that
humor
makes people happy and happiness gives
us hope
and my hope is that if we can laugh
together
we can live together right now maybe
maybe not in in this neighborhood
specifically
don't tighten up on me now don't tighten
that
because i i've actually been treated
very well here i've had a really really
good time and if you guys have enjoyed
me
my name is leanne leanne lord if you
have not enjoyed me tonight
my name is jada pinkett smith
[Music]
[Applause]
local man robs wendy's with alligator
for the alligator boys now they sent
them to the bank should be going mom
[Music]
mom
I just have my yearly physical boy I
hate going to the doctor but
specifically the early physical I think
is the worst right because every step of
the way is just a fresh batch of hell
right because you walk in and the first
thing they have you do is pee in a cup
the size of a monopoly top hat and if
you're like me you can't aim right when
women Pete's like putting your thumb
over the nozzle of a hose right that's
not going to one place so just like cut
to me hover it over the toilet trying to
redirect the Colorado Rapids with a
couple of stage curtiss-wright
always end up with a hand covered in my
own urine that's always the wrong color
cuz somebody got nervous drunk last
night
next they away you my doctor's office
has that old-fashioned scale that can I
do step on and it's like what a [ __ ]
gift from the devil that is just where
are we gonna end today and I always keep
tapping it - you get on there and you're
like hey Marjorie I think you probably
stopped tapping it it's still moving and
figuring out where it wants to land I'm
not sure why you're still touching that
thing your cell you seem to be moving
that quite across a bit while I think
you could you don't you [ __ ] touch
that 50 pound weight talk about the
loudest sound in the world the clunk of
that 50 pounds as it moves over like
Porlock gotta make some changes alright
they gave your temperature I love these
digital thermometers that we have and
think those are amazing but can't you
just stick right near here right those
are great
remember mercury thermometers what the
hell were those mercury is a neurotoxin
and we were like tight let's wrap this
in the thing most known for shattering
whether we like you to put it in your
mouth and bite down gently
or stick it in your butthole if you're
nasty
next up any ladies no right the dreaded
pappi which is what my doctor calls it
very fun very fun love Allah here's the
thing guys I don't think anyone enjoys
getting pelvic exams but I don't think
they'd be nearly as bad if the doctor
didn't say this without fail every time
they go all right I'm just gonna need
you to scoot down and relax scoot
they'd love to
but you see my butt has actually fused
to the paper baloney that's gonna be
tough and I notice you said relax I'd
like to remind you that you're about to
crank me open like a medieval drawbridge
shut a q-tip in me the size of a golf
club and then make me wait five to seven
business days to tell me that I still
have HPV so while we're here we're my
one and three years at who's got HPV out
here where we got where we have where we
yes we're here we're here we're here
we're here we're here we're doing it
[Applause]
statistically we are out here in numbers
we are we are HPV is so common I like to
think of it like the first day of law
school or it's like look to your left
you now look to your right you have HPV
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not married I did it I'm regretting
that after Eric set but it's true I did
it we're in couples therapy real thing I
tell everybody we're a couples therapy
because people get really weird like you
just did it's because you guys don't
know what couples therapy is it's my
favorite thing couples therapy
it's just adult tattle-tell just like
all month long I'm like I'm gonna tell
Laurie and he said no seriously don't
like that's a whole that's all it is
I recommend it to all everyone asks me
if it's different being married like it
that nothing's different when you get
married I think it gets different when
you move in together right like that's
when [ __ ] goes down she hates us
I just didn't know that baby with a man
I didn't know living with a man was
gonna be me 90% of the time just like
telling him where his things were my job
forever
man don't look right they just ask I'm
just like a big wake up lose my wallet
I'm like good morning what do you how
how are you okay without me you can give
a man exact coordinates to where his
[ __ ] is and 100% of the time you will
come back and back it's not there I
don't know I don't know I checked doing
a back you want to bet you know I don't
know bad you guys always want to bet
just being adults find the [ __ ] that
moves we go find your [ __ ] together as a
team because weird recon mission for
your like baseball glove I'm like the
worst the worst is when I'm wrong - and
I'm not I'm never wrong by a lot ok it's
it's just enough for him to be a douche
bag about it it gets just enough for me
today
you thought it was on the second shelf
it is on the Irish just use your
eyeballs just a quick up and down these
were [ __ ]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
jk rowling did not write a masterpiece
she wrote
star wars with sucky lightsabers have
you ever looked at them side by side
oh what do we have here it's a young
male
orphaned protagonist who for his own
safety has been sent to live with his
aunt and uncle until a mysterious
bearded stranger who was actually the
one to deliver him to his aunt and uncle
when he was a baby
comes into his life and starts to teach
him about this ancient kind of magic
granted he's going to learn a lot more
about this magic from an older wiser
wizard who's high most of the time
regardless his uncle is totally against
this magic stuff
he won't even tell him what really
happened to his parents but against his
uncle's wishes
he leaves home for the very first time
makes some new friends
meets a pretty impetuous young girl and
though there will be an odd sexual
tension between the two of them
throughout
he will only ever love her like a sister
while she struggles with the feelings
that she has
for his best friend the scruffy comic
relief
I've been doing stand-up for six years
and my six-year anniversary and my
friend the first night I did stand-up
was at a bar down the street and I met
this girl named Kelly right and so me
and Kelly have been super cool ever
since like the first night of me doing
stand-up and so she was just like okay
you know July 3rd is just six year
anniversary let's go out and celebrate I
was like all right cool but she was like
I want to celebrate something too I was
like all right what's up and she's like
what I want to celebrate is gonna shock
you I'm like what what is it like it's
gonna blow your mind I hope you're
sitting down I'm like what the [ __ ] is
it Kelly
she was like I'm gay I was like [ __ ]
I've been knowing that you have
basketball shorts on who's hooping later
nobody [ __ ] you a [ __ ] you ain't
whooping no that's a goddamn sure right
but I went to my first gay nightclub
lady's like have you ever gone to a gay
nightclub before yes please if you
haven't gone [ __ ] your tab leave now
just go [ __ ] right now Boys Town is
right there cuz the [ __ ] was so much
[ __ ] fun but I realized two things
while I was at this gay nightclub one is
I did not know that there was a dance
remix to Amazing Grace it was like me I
was like my grandmother was buried to
this song like I'll dance powerful good
about the shoot you know what I mean the
second thing I noticed I was at this gay
club this is for single men in here you
[ __ ] need to step your game up
because these lesbians almost got me
their game is [ __ ] flawless okay that
pie charts and graphs and [ __ ] like eat
more [ __ ] I was like okay because I was
dancing to Amazing Grace right and this
young woman came up to me and she was
like excuse me I just want to let you
know you're the most beautiful woman
I've seen all night and I was like oh
thank you so much and she was like I'm
not joking either I was like [ __ ] look
around of course you're not joking
all right so she walked away and then
she stopped and she turned around and I
got scared as [ __ ] cuz I'm light-skinned
and we can't fight right so she came
back and this is what she said
men listen she was like I didn't mean to
offend you I was trying to complement
you I was like all right but she was
like I just bought a house I was like
all right cool she was like if you came
back home with me you wouldn't have to
cook in that house and wouldn't have to
clean in that house you would never pay
a bill and then house actually every
night you stayed in that house I would
eat your [ __ ] and gratitude what have
you been reading my diary where the [ __ ]
did you come from are you an angel Jesus
the rest of girls were with my life
decay this place is boring I was like
[ __ ] I'm and negotiations gets [ __ ]
away from me right my one friend kept
being like seriously like there's no
straight man here I'm so bored let's go
to Wrigleyville I was like [ __ ]
Wrigleyville
let's stay here these lesbians are
passing our futures okay hold up [ __ ]
Wrigleyville is gonna say some [ __ ] like
that's you not at Mullins not at John
Barleycorn the Cubby Bear you know what
some [ __ ] douchebag will say to you
in Wrigleyville with his hat on
backwards and his U of I and say Yi or
Kappa sig shirt and his frayed jeans and
his foot box you know what some dumb ass
it's gonna say to you a [ __ ] Wrigley
Field good gut this dick
let's Netflix and chill sir
[ __ ] you and your dick okay that woman's
tongue can change my credit score what
the [ __ ] in your victory
[Music]
that's why your relationships I don't
get along you know I don't know who I'm
supposed to because it's completely
different between households something
like eating a piece of chicken my mother
used to be so proud and how I'd eat my
chicken look at how Maya cleans those
bones is she in the marrow that's my
girl that's my girl
Jeffery's chicken with white people oh
my god is a vein in it throw it out it's
disgusting
it was back at the black household did
you just throw away a perfectly good
piece of chicken
she's never invited back but go to the
Italian household my grandmother shame
on you for eating a chicken and man
might have wanted this piece of chicken
your own agreed is gonna keep me your
single for the rest of your life that's
why your relationships I don't know if
I'm supposed to be passive aggressive
passive passive aggressive aggressive or
slave slave though the Italian women
want to be slaves my grandmother used to
sleep in a chair next to the stove she
was a look at cooking scars is if there
were battle scars do you see that right
there
lasagna 1970
even holidays we're totally different I
don't understand I'm like I would just
go like Thanksgiving in an Italian
household it's like nine hours of eating
now I know for white folks you're like
who can eat for nine hours I almost had
a full sandwich once in my life look at
her she's skinny in the front she's
starving I've walked around I've seen
you guys everyone's like hi I'm two
pounds in a blonde I'm like where of
they've been hiding these white people
America this is like this is Africa for
white people in Provo I'm sorry like
tiffy oh no you're not tiffy Miffy no
you're not being creepy Pepe must be
fluffy oh my gosh this is stressful
everyone's so happy as a New Yorker this
is unnerving you people look us in the
eye
I've never seen anyone look me in the
eye my entire life
you guys like hey no I was like wow do
you guys make butter I'm sorry I think
that's the Amish but do you love white
people I don't know sorry no serious I
was so excited to come to you ty I've
been waiting to taste your jello you
have no I
people are tuning in we are in Provo
Utah
you have no idea they tell this is too
dry it's a dry County this called dry
bar and I don't even drink and I got
nervous I was like should I buy alcohol
and then I went to the bar you would
love it it's like Willy Wonka
if anyone's trying to get away from
alcohol this is the motherland
it's pretty straight gummy bears and
chocolate I'm wired from the sugar so
okay so anyway these are Titans which
I'm trying to explain nine hours of
eating it's crazy
the table is like this long every person
who's in the country from Italy is
sitting at the table and nobody else
gets up from the table but 90 year old
women are walking around serving all
these you know that's like to see a 90
year old woman slaving by the stove my
grandparents my grandmother was like
then which is very strange because in
the black household
it's Thanksgiving times like you should
be cooking for us y'all the grown ain't
nobody slave I ain't nobody asleep I
ain't nobody's slave
fine I'll cook coz when you're retiring
you cook till you're dead
I've got an aunt who's like 96 years old
in a wheelchair pulls herself up to hold
she's gotta cook for the babies these
are gonna stop you mean me and my sister
know your father who's 70 years old
did you know that Drybar has its own app
you have to download this immediately so
you can watch my whole special
our wedding cost about $70 including
cleanup scenes because we saved all our
money for what we thought would be a
good idea so let me let me pass this on
to you it's not a good idea we went on a
three-week honeymoon yeah three weeks
together like that's 21 man together
like I love you but not all in a row
thanks guys I just you just you just
gotta you know you gotta be good at
giving compliments that's one thing like
some people say when you get married you
give up not me I if we're going out
somewhere I like to curl my bangs up
real tight I make a tight curl and I'm
in the bathroom about half an hour and
smoke is coming out of the iron I'm
trying and then I go out to the living
room and present myself like a gift
yeah yeah and he looks at me like aw
looks like you got an awning on your
forehead oh thank you I think
I'm married any married couples in house
give it up if you're married Provo we
get married Oh 23 years 23 years I've
been married 23 years like where I
absolutely love my husband and I also
like him anybody not even married God
knew what he was doing when he separated
loving like love is everlasting like
truly comes and goes a man not means
shoot I don't like zucchini but I love
to eat huh
23 years though um you know and I gotta
give it to my kids for the amount of
time that we have been together and and
how long we've been together because you
know 20 30 years is a long time you go
through some ups and downs and and you
know we got two appointments that we
were gonna kind of ended we were gonna
just kind of go and get divorced 10 we
started going to court and things like
that and you know then we got into a
battle about the kids has either one of
us wanted custody
it's like you get the kids now you get
the kids well forget it we just don't
stay together then but 23 years you
learn some things you figure some things
out you understand you think because you
don't get married on your wedding day
you literally you were in there you're
in the moment you are euphoric and a
little light-headed cuz your girdle was
tight and it was like you know I yes I
do it's 20 years after that if you can
still stand there and say yes I do
but after 23 years I've just learned
that men and women are different they're
just different people um for example um
I've learned men don't close drawers
drawers cabinets I don't know what it is
I don't I think you maybe it's like an
allergic reaction that takes place when
they have to close it it's not for men
define things
hey babe babe babe babe do you know
where to catch a fish babe you know
where to catch a fish yeah you know a
trap bottle that you just move to the
side that was it after 23 years I don't
know where my husband's keys are babe
you know where my keys are no honey I
don't know where your keys are next day
babe you know where my keys are no honey
I don't know where your keys are no I
need you guys help me out wives out here
help me out if you can follow with me
this is what I tell my husband and if
you can't so I'm just just write this
out with me if you put your keys come on
y'all in the same place every night the
next morning you'll know where they are
can we give God a hand brace yeah
husbands I don't know you
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app go ahead and download that right
now I need you to get your whole life
together
download the app so you can watch my
whole special see you on Drybar
but if you've been married more than a
week you know what i'm talking about
they're great to be back i got to tell
you i've been married to my wife tammy
for 33
consecutive years
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you and when you've been with a
person that long you learn to trust
their instincts so when she said to me a
while back
you need to get diagnosed now
so for what i feel fine she said that
attention deficit stuff
i know you got it and it's driving me
insane
so i said why now she goes what do you
mean why now i said well if i got
attention deficit i've had it for 60
years
i've had it my whole life it's not a
virus you can't catch it on a toilet
seat
it's not like you go to the bathroom in
a mall and you come out two days later
and you go boy i'm so distracted where
did that come from i don't know
so why are you bothered about it now she
said because you keep telling me you'll
do things around this house and you
don't do them
and it's driving me nuts that's not
attention deficit that's passive
aggressive
and i've had that for 63 years
but i honored my wife because that's
what a man does sir that's right you do
right you honor your wife i went and got
diagnosed i spent an hour with a
psychologist
after an hour it turns out i'm not only
do i have attention deficit i'm also a
functioning hypochondriac
functioning i'm not clinical those
people are sick
but this is how god protects his
children it's my adhd that keeps my
hypochondria
functional in those days i've convinced
myself i need an ambulance by the time i
get to the phone to call one i'm a
distracted four or five times
i usually wind up in the kitchen i got a
telephone i can't remember why i got a
telephone
and that's when i ordered the pizza
my kids loved me dad's dying again
really pepperoni pops
and tammy tammy mocks me she does she
makes we'll be laying in bed watching
discovery channel with some strange new
disease
not four minutes into it she leans over
you got it yet
thinking about it well it's a nodule i
can have nodules i don't even know the
nodule oh boy i'm feeling nauseally all
of a sudden
that's when the kids are yelling
breadsticks shut up you punks i could
die on you
she's taking an over an over interest in
my health she really did a few years
back i had a physical i was 60 i had a
physical
normal thing full-blown physical take
seven a day
seven to ten days to get the results so
i'm on the road she calls me up she goes
the doctor's office just called about
your physical so i said what'd they say
she said i'll paraphrase doctor said if
you were part of a wildebeest herd the
lions would be circling you right now
i don't even know what that means she
says you're old your heart's gonna blow
up and you're to make me a widow
because you don't do anything you don't
move you don't do anything
so she went out and she bought two
fitbits two one for me one for her
to monitor my my entire movement that
was a hope she signed online to be my
friend
i didn't even know what that entailed
until like turns out they can monitor
your life
she caught me in a lie that's my point
she i lie to my wife
i'm not not often but if you've been
married more than a week you know what
i'm talking about
there are just conversations i don't
want to have with
and one of them is about my health i'm
telling you she called i'm
i'm on the road i'm in a hotel room one
o'clock in the afternoon i have not left
the hotel room
one in the afternoon phone rings i see
it's her and i know she's gonna ask me
what'd you do today
and if i say nothing she's gonna give me
the whole widow argument your heart's
gonna blow up you're gonna die you're
gonna leave me alone
so phone rings sure enough first
question she asked what you do today and
i
i told her well i got up i walked the
mall
came back had some breakfast she goes
short walk you've only taken 91 steps
all day
how do you know that she goes i'm your
friend i go well not anymore you're not
[Music]
i did learn something that day four
trips to a commode at a holiday inn
express
91 steps
that's right every day's a learning day
folks
these fitbits i don't know if anybody
has one they monitor your entire life
they actually tell me how many times i
get up in the middle of the night
and use the restroom apparently i wasn't
giving up enough of my
privacy to ample google in the
government
and then my wife sends me text messages
based on that information
you're up five times last night jeff why
are you so restless
well brandon angelina split up who can
sleep
and if that isn't i'm watching golf
channel 10 in the morning two in the
afternoon i get a text message from my
wife are you dead
you've taken 78 steps in four hours
most of us because my foot fell asleep
and i was banging him on the floor
that shakes woman leave me alone
so i looked for shortcuts just to get
her off my back and i found out you
don't even have to move
to rack up steps on fitbit you just sit
in your chair move your arm up and down
look at me folks i'm running a 5k right
in front of you
so two weeks after the doctor tells me
my heart's going to blow up and i'm
going to make my wife a widow
she comes downstairs all excited and she
says to me i was thinking jeff i was
thinking
that's what are you married sir you know
when your wife says she was thinking
all the air in your body goes right out
doesn't it
cause what she was thinking about is
something she's going to want you to do
you're not going to want to do it but
you're not a man anymore now are you in
a minute
neither am i so i've come up with a line
of men's cologne for people like me
i'm calling it acquiescence
it's for real men who know when to
comply
so i asked my wife what was you thinking
about that's what i said to her what was
you thinking about she said i was
thinking about what the doctor said
we have to do something aerobically i
said i don't think he said we i think he
said me
and she said no i think we should do
something that's fun together that's not
exercise something fun i said well
what'd you have in mind since you were
thinking about it
she says to me i always that's the word
she used sir
always wanted to learn how to ski
always we've been married 33 years the
first i've heard of the skiing fetish
to my knowledge we've watched seven
winter olympics together as man and wife
never once while lindsey vonn was
sipping down the slopes
did my wife lean over and go whoa i
really want to learn how to do that
i figured it out i'm not taking up the
sport that killed sonny bono at my age
you want the insurance money you can
poison me like otherwise i'll get a meal
out of it
kidding me i tried skiing when i was in
my 20s and i was coordinated i got
knocked unconscious by the chairlift
what more sign from god do you need and
if that wasn't humiliating enough the
insurance company wouldn't cover my head
injury
guy called me up at home and said you
got hit in the head with a chairlift
i said yes sir he goes well that makes
you a [ __ ]
and we consider that a pre-existing
condition
they had me
so my 60th birthday rolls around that's
a big one sir 6-0 waiting for my gift
6-0 birthday gift she buys me 12 hours
with a personal trainer named
todd hi jeff i'm two percent body fat
todd well hey two percent i'm 80
flabby jeff how you doing
first question asked me how long has it
been since i had an exercise
program well let me ponder that one taro
it's going to take a while to do the
math here
i'm 60. well 60 years nine months didn't
take that long at all
to be honest with you todd i haven't
moved with any purpose since i won the
race at conception
i don't want to brag but i ran 3 billion
that morning
still exhausted
undaunted by my response todd says well
we'll start you out slow
that's what he said we'll start you out
slow so i slept with ankle weights on
the first couple of months that was
you know when you get up and use the
bathroom as many times as i do in the
middle of the night
you burn some calories
you know what we would all exercise
everybody on planet earth would exercise
if the weight we gained was in a
different place on our bodies
think about where we gain weight our
stomachs and our behinds
it's never in our way a couple pounds on
your forehead would get you to a gym
i can't see nothing
they're gonna take my license away from
me
tammy's dieting now that means i'm
dieting that's the rules
because i mean i said you honor your
wife that she wants to die and i'm
dieting she's on keto now
we've tried paleo we've tried atkins now
we're on keto she wants to get into
ketosis
that's fine with me i got cookies in my
office in the basement
i was handing out cookies to my
grandchildren one day one of you
will betray me
yeah my grandson is it me papa is it me
it is you you little punk
those crumbs off your lips
so i'm unpacking the groceries after the
big keto buy tammy went out and bought a
bunch of groceries for keto and i'm
unpacking i'm gonna come across
rice cakes never had a rice cake in our
home don't know what a rice cake is
never eaten one all i see is the word
cake
and i call her out on it i go baby i
thought cake was a no-no with the keto
and she says no that's for our cheat day
apparently on tino
you get to cheat one day awake
cool is that so a few days went by and
i'm ready for my cheat day and i
remember
sir we have cake
i ran to the pantry i pulled one out i
pulled a cake
rice cake out of the package i'm feeling
it it kind of feels like a brake pad you
know
[Music]
but it's cake how bad can it be oh
i took a bite and never made it to my
throat
i said baby these are stale she says no
that's the way they are i go
this isn't cake it's caulk
it's not food it's insulation who are
these people kidding
i threw the rest of them to our three
dogs i go you eat these things and our
dogs scarfed them right up
hour later went my front yard and passed
the thermos
[Music]
got a yard full of yetis out there
i'm telling you i can't keep up with the
food anymore anyway gmo non-gmo you know
we had food didn't we sir we had food
that's when we were growing up
food and you ate it because kids were
starving in china that's all you know
eat that there's a kid in china starving
oh it's not getting my food
now it's gmo non-gmo organic non-organic
gluten gluten free
kale i never saw kale in my life until
tammy went on keto now it's ubiquitous
it's all over my house
you can't put enough ranch dressing on
kale to make it taste good
oh and then one night she makes kale
chips you know what kale chips are sir
it's kale leaves on a cookie sheet
burned in the oven at 400 degrees
they say she pulls out this smoldering
heap of weeds
she throws them on my plate i go what
are these she said kale chips i go it's
a brush fire what are you doing
this isn't food
i tried to give him to my dog my dog
goes no way man
a dog my dog eats the cat litter what
does that tell you
it's awful
yeah boy and then my son married a uh
hippie girl he married a hippie a
minnesota granola cruncher and uh
we love her to death we really do but we
have butted heads more than once about
diet first of all she makes a list of
things we're not allowed
we're not allowed to feed our
grandchildren are you kidding me they're
my grandchildren
i'm going to give them whatever they
want if they want a silo full of sugar
i'm going to pull them in and just throw
them in it go
[Music]
there's a ahead on the bottom eat your
way all the way out there
are you kidding me my son my youngest
boy when he was born we didn't give him
sugar we didn't he was two three years
old
never had anything but plain cheerios
every day for bread plain we didn't even
put bananas in it
we just eat plain cheerios and he ate
them up loved them the first time i
visited my mother i went out to the golf
course with my dad i come back
my three-year-old son who never had
sugar in his life is
up to his neck in a jethro bodine bowl
full of cocoa puffs
[Music]
he looked at me like i betrayed him you
lied to me
and that was it he never ate a cheerio
again
[Music]
so i got grandkids and i'm doing the
same thing to mine just eat this this
my daughter lost is no way then she
gives us a list of things we can
feed our granddaughters you know what's
on the list non-gmo organic
fruit roll-ups have you seen a fruit you
could patch a flat bicycle tire with a
freeway
i can't imagine what this thing is doing
or a four-year colon as it's dipping
through there
my daughter-in-law says well they're
made with real fruit i said well so is
real fruit made with real fruit
that's not on the list she says because
you and your wife buy the wrong kind of
fruit
i said well do we buy the fruit that
hangs on trees what what other kind of
fruit is she goes non-gmo organic i said
i'm not spending 12 bucks for a banana
she can eat what we eat she said no she
can't because it has pesticides
my daughter-in-law is afraid of
pesticides are you kidding america i
grew up and i'm telling my mother used
to give me a puddle of mercury to play
with on the kitchen table
here jeff play with this puddle of toxic
waste with this lead paint chip i got
for you
play around in that for a while then
she'd come by scraping into my tuna and
i'd eat it for lunch
and now i can't get peanuts on an
airplane anymore because little joey's
six rows back
might get some peanut dust on his elbow
and drop dead
will someone tell me where all these
peanut allergies came from
you're about my age you even remember
one kid with a peanut not one
now the ubiquitous i'm telling you
terrorists do not need to blow up any
buildings
they need to take over a planter's
factory in crop dust atlanta that's
it
they'd wipe out a third of the
millennial population
and if you have a peanut allergy don't
send me an email you don't know what
it's like i need disgusting
drop dead all you need
my father used to give my brother and i
food my sisters didn't have to eat
he called it man food it was sardines in
a can
and he said i said i'm not eating this
he said it'll put hair on your chest
i'm eight years old that a good thing
he said every man wants hair in his
chest boy really
yeah who knew in the 21st century all
the men would be waxing all the hair off
their chest
i want to meet the first man that ripped
the hair out of his chest i really do
because i'm gonna punch him right in the
face
in a christian loving way of course
tammy says to me about a year ago she
goes i want you to look into the waxing
thing that's what she said sir i want
you to look into the waxing thing
i honored my wife i looked into the
waxing thing
came back and told her get used to the
pelt it's not going anywhere
are you kidding me if we lost our minds
as a culture we spent billions of
dollars
to have somebody rip the hair out of our
body by the root
that hurts but we won't let our federal
government drip
water on the faces of terrorists
i think the cia needs to open up some
spas around the world
[Music]
you know ahmed before we send you back
to the battlefield as part of the new
western civilization
catch and release program
you're in luck the u.s government's
going to clean you up today my man
those 72 maidens you're dying to lay
with in the next life
they don't want to lay next to a throw
rug
so get in the van my rehearsal little
friend we're going to the mall
it's just a thought
so full disclosure i got waxed
[Music]
tammy kept pushing it pushing and
pushing she finally said the magic words
she said i think it would be sexy on you
look at my wife and i've been married 33
years sexy is not a word often used in
our home
our idea of sexting is we send pictures
of desserts to each other on our cell
phones
i'll get it back from her is that a six
layered carrot cake
so i don't care what it is but my wife
said to me you know a face tattoo would
be sexy i'm getting it done
that's all i'm saying
[Music]
there are three billion women that
inhabit planet earth
i only care if one of those women thinks
i'm sex that's it
her so i made the decision when she
leaves town i was going to surprise her
i said i'm going to get waxed
i got on the google i looked up the waxy
people
found me chell it's mitchell don't make
the mistake of calling her michelle
apparently i hit a sore spot
so mitchell gets me all ready to go
lathered up got a piece of tape there
she says you're ready i said yeah you
know
she goes
i've never had that happen i tried to
scream and nothing came out gotta figure
there were dogs two blocks away going
sounds like another man's getting a wax
job
[Music]
with michelle
[Music]
that hurts so bad i'm telling you i and
then she starts to put another piece of
tape on me and i can't
i ended up tapping out like a wrestler
and then i found my voice i said no
get away from me you sick woman
don't touch me
ouch
[Music]
that's what i wanted to say when i
couldn't
[Laughter]
i was going to quit i really was i was
going to leave and i looked in the
mirror and i had this white strip
it looked like a name tag with no name
on it it was just
and all these weeds around it
[Music]
so if you're locked in i couldn't stop
anyway she just says i could take my
time i go don't take it just get it over
with
she cleans me up i look in the mirror i
was pink sir i was pink i was raw
pink i look like a flabby piece of
bazooka bubblegum
and all i can think of is she thinks
it's sexy
okay no counting for taste but i'm all
in
so the next day she came home from the
road i went on to surprise her so i went
in the bathroom put on some shorts i
took off my shirt i'm standing there in
shorts no shirt trying to get her to
notice
while we're conversing
[Music]
she looks to me she says are you having
a stroke
i said no she goes what'd you do
i said i got waxed
ew
not the reaction i was looking for
what's ooh
she goes oh god put a shirt on it's
creeping me out she goes
you look like patrick from spongebob
jeff
patrick's not sexy
the things you do to honor your wife sir
[Music]
never again
is it's give and take it's it's it's you
you make you make concessions you make
things you know i
i'm a recovering drug addict alcoholic
i've been i've had 32 years without a
drink
i've been married 33 years so after a
year of marriage i realized it was one
or the other and i made a decision to
quit now tammy
has had closet vision for 33 years and
it's one of those things that drives me
crazy as a husband but she won't do
anything to correct it and
are you telling me this is closet vision
for 33 years this is how
we have a date to go out tammy will get
in the shower get out of the shower
she'll wrap herself in a towel she'll
stand in front of her mirror she'll do
her hair do her makeup
and then she'll walk into her closet and
go blind for an hour
all i hear coming out of the closet
there's nothing to wear
nothing nothing every now and then
she'll emerge holding something what do
you think of that and i'll say you look
beautiful in that she'll go you're just
saying that you're right i am i don't
care put on burlap let's just get to the
restaurant before they change management
one more time
and i was thinking about it this has got
to go back to the garden of eden it
really does it says in the bible adam
and eve sinned
for the first time it was the first time
they felt shame
shame of their nakedness and they felt
if they could clothe themselves they
could hide their shame from god it was
the first time mankind clothed
themselves
so you know adam got dressed right away
first leaf on the ground i'm ready let's
go
eve probably shot that garden three four
days never found anything just walk
around i don't know what he expects us
to wear there's nothing to wear around
here
adam's going try the fake nobody wears a
fig after september you idiot
[Music]
try the fern the fern makes me look fat
don't you have an animal a name get out
of here
it's amazing how quick tammy's vision
would come back
once she was dressed because she'd leave
the closet look at me and go
you're not wearing those clothes out are
you no these are my practice clothes
they went out of style while i was
waiting for you to get dressed
i mentioned my grandbabies i am a
grandfather and anybody here as a
grandparent knows those are the most
special
special people on the planet they really
are and the most heartwarming
and i can tell you where i was and what
time of day it was
when my granddaughter the first
grandchild we had said my name papa
she was in the bathtub we were watching
her she was at the house and she was
splashing around in a tub in the early
evening
and my wife calls me into the bathroom
she says you got to hear this
and my little granddaughter's sitting
there and tammy says evelyn who is that
and evelyn goes papa
i'm telling you man i started crying
and that's what tammy said you need to
get a blood test for that low t
[Music]
stuff
i'm not kidding you she says you need to
go get tested for low tea and i said uh
sir i honored my wife that's what you do
you honor your wife i got tested
blood tests anyway they call me up and
they go you don't have low t i go i
don't he goes no you have no t
none zero we had to retest it was so low
they told me i was elevated in estrogen
i had high estrogen levels
and no testosterone which explained all
the hdtv i had been watching
yeah my friends would call me on sunday
hey man the bears are on i'd go no way
man chip and joanna got a special
so i said to the doctor if i do this t
thing if i do this t thing what will it
do for me and he said
you'll be like a 25 year old man again i
wouldn't really
will i be that stupid
because i got to tell you i don't think
my body could survive my 20s again i
really don't
he says no you'd be like a 25 year old
and i go really
i got a 58 year old menopausal wife at
home
i think i should consult her to see if
she wants a 25 year old man chasing her
around
she finally put a knife in my chest and
ended i know she would
next thing you know she's on dateline
trying to defend herself
you ever watch dateline i'm telling you
the whole franchise the spouse is
killing each other that's it
men men watch five datelines with your
wife you'll look her right in the eye we
doing all right you and me
yeah i'm telling you that menopause i
didn't see it coming i really didn't
there are nights that i lie in bed and
dream about the
good old days of pms trust me
there are weeks that go by i cannot get
her home cold enough for her body i'm
telling you there's not enough freon in
the world
if there's a hole in the ozone it's over
the roof of my home in tennessee
it's 48 degrees in my bedroom i got meat
hanging off my curtain rods
she walks in and turns on some 64-bladed
fan she installed
i had to bolt the furniture to the floor
to keep from getting sucked up through
the roof
she stands in the middle of the room why
is it so hot in here jeffrey why is it
so hot
i can't see her because of the fog
that's coming out of her mouth
and then she wakes me up to feel her
night sweats is that even necessary
i'm sound asleep when she zips my parka
open while i'm laying there
wake up and feel this jeffrey it's
disgusting
look at me there's like a furnace in me
or something
you're lucky you don't have to go
through this you know i wouldn't if you
quit waking me up and telling me about
it
i could sleep right through the
perspirating i could it doesn't make a
lot of noise
oh and one night i wake up there's a
human being at the foot of my bed three
o'clock in the morning i don't know if
you've ever had this
there's a full grown human the three in
a dark room
i was at a heart attack it was her
she's at the foot of my bed cutting off
the bottom of her flannel pajamas with
scissors because they were sticking to
her sweaty legs
and this demonic thing was coming out of
her mouth
i'm not kidding i grabbed my sons the
next day i said mom's going through some
serious
stuff here like what remember those
nights you didn't do your homework she'd
get maddie i'll let you reel out he goes
i remember that this is different
she might be crying and then stab you
you guys have been great god bless you
thank you so much
you
I am originally from Tennessee but now
even though I was born and raised in the
South I am NOT a southern belle unless
the coast I need to be
like when I'm on an airplane and I have
to horse my bag up in that overhead
compartment I can always find my strong
man to give me a hand people think we're
stupid but people are always asking me
how I got into comedy and the truth is I
had no choice but to become a comedian
because funny follows me I'm not kidding
it is everywhere I turn just the other
day I was standing in line at the
grocery store and the lady in front of
me turned and said how big would you say
a timber 13 storage unit is I said well
I'm just guessing but I'm gonna have to
go with timber 30
and I was passing through Mississippi I
stopped to eat ordered a salad
the waitress said what kind of dressing
I said I want Caesar and she said oh no
she said honey said they come and he's
real easy to open packet you won't need
no Caesars
and then I ordered a large coke and she
said we don't have large we only have
small and medium
now where I'm from you need three sizes
to have a medium
just give me that bigger one
and as weird as st. Augustine Florida
and a friend of mine going with me also
a short blonde hair we've gone out to
eat and the waitress walked over and
said are y'all related and I said no and
she said are you sisters
I said where did illusia
and I heard a man sitting at the very
next table that's the same waitress
if the Alaskan snow crabs were local she
said I think so
but these things happened to me all the
time just the other day I was at the
doctor's office waiting room and a lady
strikes up a conversation with me and
starts telling me about a trip she's
getting ready to make to Washington so I
said Washington State or Washington DC
she said I don't know and then she
continued to talk about her trip so I'm
thinking she didn't understand the
question so again I said I'm sorry did
you say you're going to Washington State
or to Washington DC she said I don't
know she said wherever the president
lives
and her vote counts just as much
[Applause]
scary and even in my own great state of
Tennessee I stopped at McDonald's an
hour today egg and cheese biscuit girl
taking my order asked me that I want my
head ground or folded well I've never
been asked that before but I consider my
options and I said I'll go with round
she said we only have folding but my
favorite one was when I was working in
Indiana it was just across Kentucky line
off Interstate 65 and right there for
the time zone changes and I forgot to
ask where my show was if they're on
Central Time or Eastern Time
glad to run into Walmart anyway so I
just grabbed a woman in the store and I
said hurry on Central Time or Eastern
Time
she said I don't work here
and that's why I'm a comedian hey
everybody I'm Karen Mills thanks so much
for watching my clip and now you can
watch my entire special for only 99
cents if you'll just click here you'll
get this show in its entirety or you can
just watch more comedy clips from me and
my fellow comedians just click here and
there's more comedy to come
I wanna be somebody when I grow up I
wanna be I'm gonna be gonna be a huge
star not physically but I want to be big
I known you for years you your story man
is bananas like you literally started
from the bottom now we here so I lived
in a lot of different foster homes I got
to move around and live with a lot of
different kind of families and I'm so
happy cuz it molded me into the person
that I am today and like my very first
foster family they were Hispanic right
so I learned how to speak Spanish a
mucho gusto Vladimir's I'm against a
single tacos papi chulo command me for
nacho I'm just like always super
grateful and thankful that I even got to
have that experience and I even look at
it the way that I do cuz I know a lot of
people don't look at the system that way
but it was probably the best thing that
ever happened to me
and so I thanks my mom and dad for not
being [ __ ] thank you guys I'm seeing
hotties actresses out here and they've
been going all around the world behind
these I mean adopting these black babies
I'm sick of this so I'm gonna go ahead
and I'm gonna buy adopt me some white
babies from Canada they gonna be
beautiful they're gonna have blue eyes
and blonde hair they're gonna be
beautiful little babies telling me so
can we get five of them I'm gonna start
me a hair meal so I had the body boy I
was supposed to go to college I was
supposed to I got accepted in the NYU
and everything I got accepted in the NYU
and I was gonna be a big student there
and everything I can't give straight A's
and stuff and then they had told me how
much I had to pay a semester and I was
like well no that's I don't know how I
get that kind of money every semester
that's a lot of kicks to suck I don't
know if I want to learn that I don't
want to learn that hard I really don't I
don't want to be on my back like that or
nothing like that's not worth it I don't
think education is that important for me
to know definitely not gonna be on the
stripper pole my knees is bad I like so
many times I was homeless
so many times I could have compromised
who I was I could have just easily just
I mean I remember Corey Hawkins I want
you just [ __ ] somebody get a roof like
you can get pregnant by somebody rich
why you bein stupid get that couch you
got there who's the biggest celebrity
that you would like to mean that I would
like to meet yeah that's a laugh you
don't want to meet somebody dead cuz
that's so yeah somebody live right now
somebody alive that I can be right now
and meet like what do you mean by meet
like just my sleepless sleepless Oh like
Oh
yes Ouma Thurmond I will [ __ ] you
I know you very well and I just met you
I know that you are very shy and and
this is just a side of you that's like
an whenever I get a microphone in my
anything in my anything anything are you
just trying to read it because you're
looking at me I like that I know your
heart beating fast that's what I love
about white me and I know when you feel
me something I start beating off fascial
skin turn around I'm like oh he liked me
or he feared he's the way I made his
heart beat please got the keys to the
Jeep me you can't find your car cuz I
stole it so look when I'm doing clean
comedy before I go onstage if I know
it's all clean show I'll sit down I'll
write out okay this is what I'm gonna
say I'm gonna say this I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna do this now remember that
you're gonna talk about this we won't
talk about this gonna talk about this
okay then I get up here I start doing it
they're liking it then I'm like I'm
liking it then I'm thinking shoot I
think I can handle a little some motive
this
oh no but it's all plain oh oh you ever
been with a colored girl
how much did you pay I don't want to
necessarily keep reminding myself that I
gotta do this do it this way I want to
just be like bam bam oh you won't
support it oh yeah
go tell me y'all looking at me like why
she got the little sparkly ass bag
what's up a little bag now she can a
little ass purse with her uh I carry my
little pocketbooks with me everywhere I
go because why people I remember
publicans just people in general they
steal babies feeling that's how we got
here right like people hunted two of us
that's in here that's how we got here
right because why people chase told us
they kidnapped us we could be in Africa
right now with our titties out like come
on Tiger [ __ ] walking Tigers and [ __ ]
but me I'm here in America and I'm glad
I'm happy I'm here I appreciate all the
white people in Spanish people that
slowed us from Africa thank you I did a
movie called girls tree started Queen
Latifah Jada pinkett-smith Regina Hall
and me Tiffany Haddish and there was a
fun movie to make we shot it in
Louisiana we were in New Orleans for
like three months and I got to be around
these rich powerful women and I was
still on a beach at the time so I felt
like maybe I don't belong here but they
hired me and I was like [ __ ] you and I
think it's because I had checked it out
as a white woman any minute I needed a
white one there for the wrong and I
ended up getting me and so affirmative
action works for me you were in this
business for the right reasons you are
you're you know exactly what they need
to make an empire you're in it to win it
it's an empire
Oprah pyre Oprah how did Oprah become so
successful is she a role model for you
because you are following in her
footsteps because you are what you look
at how you connect with all these white
folks
I went through a tough breakup a couple
months ago and that was never going to
work out we had like totally different
goals and like me and this guy like he
wanted to be married in a few years and
I wanted to be happy and there's a
little bit different he told me once he
wanted to have eight kids
two guys I don't even know what to say
that I just started stretching huh the
tough breakup but we met at like a weird
point our lines like we met a very
transitional moment like we were both in
Community College which is a little
bittersweet because I'm meeting a
significant other in community colleges
sort of like finding a full bag of chips
in the garbage like it's kind of a
miracle but hey look around you're still
a possum so we broke up in public so
like you wouldn't make a scene and it
was funny on the way home from the
break-up I actually got pulled over by a
cop that I was drunk which was hilarious
was like I've never been drunk I've
never done any drugs someone offered me
weed once they were like Taylor just try
okay it will open your eyes you will
learn things about yourself and I'm like
yeah no thank you
I already know I like Taco Bell Lena
this job did not believe me though you
just give a sneeze like how much have
you had to drink have you been drinking
are you drunk finally I just like no no
not drunk I'm a little sad is there a
sad driving test
I don't even know what that would look
like like instead of a breathalyzer they
just have you sign into a harmonica I
[Applause]
have it gone pitch like you can't go
home two cents
can't have that on the road I think the
real problem in this guy's like he used
to do this thing where he would tell me
whenever girls hit on him like make a
point to tell me and I never knew what
to say to that because he just said oh
maybe I just wanna let you know girl at
Starbucks give me your number what do
you want to say to that I'm like fist
bump you like nice bro get it like what
if you want me turning to Batman like
where is she
he's like no babe I just want you to
feel safe I want to be honest with you I
care about you I want you feel safe I'm
like huh you dirty liar you don't want
me to feel safe you want me to know that
you turn down the option of other people
today you want points for not cheating
on me that's what you want yeah like I'm
supposed to swoon like oh my gosh babe
you honor the most basic server
agreement
you are not impressing us with your
fidelity guys all right not at all you
turn down the option of other people
we're women we have that option all the
time do you understand how easy it is
for us to drum up business so all I have
to do is raise my hand in a Walmart or
uncross my legs in a Denny's and we are
open for business yeah I got your Grand
Slam right here
[Applause]
[Music]
like I'm a complete idiot like I was
dating somebody a while ago and I was on
my way over to her house and I didn't
have enough money to get on the train
because I do this and so I got to this
okay don't laugh too hard so I eat to
the turnstile and I was like I know what
I'll do I'll jump over the turnstile
forgetting that I'm five foot three so
instead what I did is I face-planted
over the turnstile and I ended up
breaking my dick fingers there's one
lesbian over here for the rest of you
it's these two fingers if you still
don't know ask your neighbor
these are the fingers they have sex with
women with and I broke them have you
guys ever tried to [ __ ] with your
non-dominant dick it sucks so I went to
the ER to get a splint put on my very
important fingers and this doctor
putting the splint on my hand made a
comment he goes you got really small
fingers I was like screw you dude
I got big swingin fingers you get out of
here these are nine inches long flaccid
it's cold in here leave me alone
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
anybody got kids they don't like who got
kids who got kids audience you guys cool
as for the rest of you swallowers I hate
you okay like why would you not even
join in it let me tell you something
kids the most expensive STP you can ever
try oh my god
can I appeal a cream of shots that you
can take to get rid of them five
children really learn how to swallow for
kids fooling okay I didn't have very
many white girlfriends all to learn that
[ __ ] a lot sooner
oh yeah white girls yeah look at her
she's screaming right now
take your credit baby taking perfect
hey I'm not mad at my kids you know I am
I mad I am mad I'm bad because I love my
children but I don't like them the Bible
says I have to love them it doesn't say
[ __ ] about liking them okay wait I tell
you this this summer
somebody allowed my children to stay
home two months straight who the [ __ ]
did that
if there's any educators in the building
I want you to go straight to hell okay
because you're selfish that's what the
[ __ ] you are you to either hand them all
year you couldn't keep these last two
money know what [ __ ] y'all
because they stayed home all summer and
it's so much [ __ ] you got a dude like
one at home 24 hours a day like they
kept doing [ __ ] every single day they
got on my goddamn nerves like every
[ __ ] day they would wake up why the
[ __ ] would you want why are you awake
what do you want they kept asking me
dumbass questions like what's for
breakfast if you were in school what the
[ __ ] would you be eating [ __ ] eat a
book feed yourself some knowledge that's
what I want you to do so much that you
can't do when your children at home 24
hours I had to muffle my masturbation
session it's like a [ __ ] covert
operation you have no idea you gotta
close the door you lock the door but now
you gotta put the chair up under the
door because they smart enough to take
the butter knife and turn the goddamn
block which you don't answer them going
mom - mom mom mom mommy my bullets to
see what she's doing Oh [ __ ] get out of
here then you gotta wrap yourself up in
the cover like a [ __ ] burrito so they
don't hear the motor from the vibrator
they got a tournament TV all the [ __ ]
way up my kids don't know why the [ __ ]
Nancy Grace is so loud at my room now
just turn it to ESPN now my son stand by
the door now leaving my kids think I'm
[ __ ] like basketball or some [ __ ]
[Music]
it's good to be back in LA I've been
traveling a lot I was in New York
recently and yeah I told my mom that I
was going to New York and she was like
don't go to Central Park there's a lot
of dead bodies there I was like mom stop
watching Law & Order SVU also what
episode are yawn I love that show
right I love us video you guys watch SVU
right who doesn't watch SVU right like
it's been on for 32 years I love that
show like I could be having a bad day
and I come home and I put on USA and I
look for like a marathon and as soon as
I hear that
Denton it brings peace to my soul like
it's my jam but it's got me thinking
that I would be a terrible police
detective because they show these
detectives Olivia Benson
detective Stabler detective hot latino
guy they show them in these adrenaline
pumping situations they're chasing a
perp down an alley all sudden they trip
and fall they just get back up and start
chasing him again has anybody here ever
fallen before
it hurts you guys if I trip and fall
down I'm staying down for a while
rubbing my knee I will be the cop that
calls in like officer down officer down
are you shot
no but I need some neosporin hurry
there's little rocks to be a good cop
you have to know you're north from
yourself
you're east from your West you've seen
the episodes right suspects heading
southbound on First Street this will be
my call
suspect made a left
north or south definitely not to the
right in which direction turn to
McDonald's they show them chase this
perp in this dark empty warehouse right
they have their gun out all the sudden
this guy just pops out of nowhere and
their responses NYPD freeze
we're like my response to be boom but
now he can't tell you who he was
any other parents in here love your kids
but you don't like um who else yes it
should be more of you click on a
clapping it should be more of you you
love them nobody said you didn't love
them I just said you don't like them
[ __ ] cuz I don't
I tried five times I got five kids I did
it didn't work none of them times [ __ ]
them kids those are my favorite three
words I hate you kids don't go [ __ ] them
kids so happy to be here away from them
right now and it's the summertime I mean
I gotta see them for 24 hours I'll tell
you why I'll give you a couple reasons
why anybody here gets that kids oh I'm
the only full person in here with a 4
year old with titties nobody else nobody
else gotta for you over titties this is
some [ __ ] ok all your kids are
gluten free and [ __ ] you I'm not mad
that my son is fat I meant that he does
fat [ __ ] it's a difference I'll give you
an example I knew that I had to be here
at a certain time so I fed all of my
children I've been made myself to
chicken tenders y'all no fries no sauce
no ranch dressing no nothing
before I could get the first goddamn
chicken tender in my mouth
here come my little fat ass sir
[Music]
mom now look I don't know why fat kids
got raspy voice since it must be the
weight on that
I don't [ __ ] know I just know I got a
four year old and sound like Barry White
he'll have asthma he'll have bronchitis
he'll have none today just a fat ass kid
would it be fast boys is this mom I said
what juicy because all fat kids should
have a great nickname
it was between juicy and tank I pick
juicy okay he said are those chicken
tenders but for the sake of shits and
giggles I'll play this little dumbass
game with him okay I said yes you see
those are chicken tenders he said well I
had chicken tenders before but mine
never looked like that
yours are so golden and crispy they look
like the ones on the bag now look I
don't give a [ __ ] how much our fat-ass
complement my chicken tenders
they look sexy to you I don't give a
[ __ ] my kid is so [ __ ] fat I eat out
often I don't mean out like at different
restaurants I mean I cook my food on the
stove I wrap it up put it in it to go
container get in the car and drive the
[ __ ] down the expressway so I don't have
to share with its fat-ass
anybody else eat a food MacArthur didn't
have to share with their kids anybody
thank you okay okay all right all right
yeah cause it don't have no goddamn
memories that's why I don't answer the
phone when he called my father I love
you say for to me a large
a large what you see on there Walmart a
[ __ ] large in here I thought I had
stoked them with that the [ __ ]
gonna say it's a subway in there or to
me I love [ __ ] that fat ass kita I'm mad
because I got caught the other day I had
just finished eating I was sitting in
the driveway I had just finished my food
I was doing so well here come on fat ass
son outside mom I said what juicy
he dropped his voice like Monique and
precious he did I spell something to
[ __ ] your fat ass smell something we
outside the windows are rolled up you
out there I'm in here you know my fat
ass son climbed this ass in the car
looked around two crumbs off my shirt
look them together watch the Columbus
fall sniff the air my son looked right
at me and said mom was that an Italian
beef extra dip with mozzarella cheese
mustard and hot peppers on a kaiser roll
I said wait a min said was he cut in
half now wait a minute you fat bastard
I want you to tell me how to [ __ ] you
can smell a performance cut in half put
a [ __ ] joke fat ass work for CSI
dinner food division man [ __ ] that fat
ass kid I gotta go because he's outside
I'm Cory
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been spending a lot of time in LA.
You guys have a comfort food here?
What do you like?
Cookies! That is so normal and good.
Thank you.
I asked a lady, front row, LA. I said,
"You have a comfort food?"
She goes, "Yeah, salads." It's like,
"Ugh! No wonder I can't live in this piece of town!"
Ugh!
Yeah! Salads!
You can't even wipe a tear with a piece of salad.
It's too wet!
You can't.
You...you need a Tater Tot.
You need that Tater Tot to soak up all the sobbing.
You know?
That's why Tater Tots were invented.
They're like little sponges that absorb your emotions.
Okay?
"Oh you got some sad on you. Let me sop that up."
Tater tots care about you!
Not salad.
I have to put my Tater Tot down.
Salad? Nuh-uh.
Salad is cold and unconcerned with your problems.
You need pizza!
You need hot.. you need like..mashed potatoes.
You need a man-sized mound of mashed potatoes
that you can just burrow into.
Burrow into it and make make a "feelings cave"
and crawl up in there
'til you're ready to address life again.
Not lettuce!
Lettuce wants you to cry so you can grow more lettuce.
oh me and you we have a lot to talk
about
i said i doubt it
well hi guys my name is kristen i love
cats i crochet and i drink hot tea who's
ready to party
i got some hot tea drinkers that's
always good to hear yeah
pinkie's up people i do i crochet and
a lot of people are surprised by that i
get made fun of at home in l.a
my friends are like you crochet that's
such an old lady thing to do
and i guess it is crochet
it sounds old lady like you know so i
want to rebrand it something cooler
so i looked up the word origin and
crochet is a french word
that means to hook
so i'm a hooker
i like crocheting because i can do it
anywhere i take my just a ball of yarn
and some scissors
you know and my crochet hook you know um
but when i googled hooker supplies
that is not what came up you know i was
like what am i gonna do with that
i'm not gonna be very comfortable
crocheting in those thigh high leather
boots
my stilettos will get caught in my
granny squares
i do i do crochet when i run out of yarn
when i want to get my hooker supplies i
got to go to joann's
you ever been to a joann's you know it
joanne's has a smell
you guys have been to a joanne
i found my people yeah yeah it smells
like christmas
in a hoarder's garage
like that's what that smell is that's
exactly what it sounds like
it smells like someone's using the
employee break room microwave
to cook essential oils that's what that
smell is
every woman in there has a 40 off coupon
and some of those essential oils in her
purse
and if you get in between her and the
fabric cutting table she will blacken
your eye
but don't worry if you put some lavender
oil on that it'll go right away
so i do like to crochet but i don't like
that when you're crocheting in public
people think you're friendly
i don't get that like i like to take my
crocheting with me wherever i go and i
was crocheting on a plane the other day
and and just like a normal human being
just crocheting away and the lady
sitting next to me on the plane she's
watching me crochet like a weirdo
she thinks that's a good reason to have
a conversation she looks over she goes
me and you we have a lot to talk about
i said i doubt it
but why do you think so she goes you
crochet i knit
and she pulled out her knitting and
started i've never been so embarrassed
in my life
boy was she wrong i didn't talk to her
the whole flight
which was kind of a problem because when
we got up she left her phone sitting on
the seat and i
i didn't know what to say so i just
started shouting hey
knitter
which is not something you want to shout
in a crowded enclosed space cause i
think some people misunderstood me
so if you see someone knitting at a
distance and you need to get their
attention
use the politically correct phrase say
hey
afghan american
you could save your life someday
i see a lot of couples out here tonight
yeah oh yeah you guys look romantic
yeah let me ask you guys since you're
such a romantic group do you guys
believe that
there's somebody out there for everybody
you do oh yeah very me too me too i do
i think there's a lid for every pod i do
that's right i think that life is just
one big puzzle you know and you're just
a puzzle piece waiting for your missing
piece to click in next to you
i think there's someone out there for
everybody
i mean sometimes you see people and
you're like not them
no they'll die alone you know
but us there's someone out there for us
no i do i think there's somebody out
there for everybody even the dialogues
you know
and
this was affirmed for me not too long
ago i was in las vegas
and i was doing what you do in vegas
just walking down the street
people judging you know
that's what you do people you call it
people watching
that's not what you do
you wish it was yeah people watching i
think i've never done it but i think it
would be like
oh i wonder how old that kid is where'd
that man get his shirt i wonder where
they're from
i've never had thoughts like that no
my shop my thoughts are more like that
kid should be on a leash he's a fatty
she's a harlot
when i was i was in vegas and i saw i
saw these
this this couple and uh it would
they i can't i'm not
they were meant to be let's just say
that they were meant to be
you know just rare and exotic birds that
found each other
you know it's a man and a woman both of
them had ponytails
you know both wearing socks and sandals
you know there were two double xl people
both wearing fitted medium shirts
so there was all kinds of spillage
they're both both holding iguanas that's
the part
that caught me yeah that's
otherwise when i just want to be like
huh
anybody anybody else anybody
and i wanted to know what their love
story was
you know because they're together
obviously and they had a love story you
know and so so i followed them for a
little bit
and then after a while i got kind of
bored and was like i'll just make it up
here's what i think happened
they fell in love
at the reptile store
well on the lizard food aisle stood a
girl named sarah
she had a lazy eye and was chewing on
her hair
she was humming the theme song to deep
space nine when a boy with a ponytail
caught her good eye
he was breathing kinda heavy when he
reached for the iguana treats sarah got
nervous started staring at her feet
ivan said i really like your sandals and
your socks
sarah said that's nice of you they're
crocs
then they talked about iguanas and they
talked about star wars never thinking
they just found love
at the reptiles thorn
so sarah came over and she brought her
iguanas to ivan's little room in the
basement at his mama's
he showed her his comic books and action
figures too
then they stayed up late watching doctor
who
he was breathing kind of heavy when he
walked her to the door and a good night
kiss
turned into something more they both did
something they had never done before
and that's a story about how two crazy
lizard lovers found love
at that reptile store
i don't have any pets
but if i did have a pet i want a cat
i want a cat real bad i just think
they're so cute but i can't have one
because my wife's allergic
which is a latin word that means selfish
so but i still want one i'm a woman i've
learned from other women that if you
want something and you want change
sometimes you got to march for it
so i've just been marching around my
house lately
protesting what do i want
a kitty cat when do i want it meow
i want a little kitty cat any kind of
kitty cat a ugly little kitty cat a
one-eyed kitty cat
when do i want it no short hair long
hair i will cherish any kitty cat
well unless it's hairless
this is a deal breaker those are gross
they are they're have you ever tried to
pet a hairless cat
it's like trying to pet a warm baked
potato
it's purring and i want to butter it
it's
hey hey ho ho find a cow with hair and
let's take it home
two four six eight ten i'm gonna get a
cat you take a claritin so bring me
i want a cat because i travel that's
that's why i can't have another animal
because you can leave a cat alone
for like six months you know
you shouldn't but you totally can't
yeah you leave a cab for like six months
with enough food and water and litter
and you come home
six months later cat is still alive and
and kind of
mad passive aggressive about it
but they'll still come up to you like oh
meow
where have you been you're like uh oh
i'm gonna have to clean some poop out of
some shoes
couple days cat's fine try that with a
dog come home couple months later you're
like oh
we're gonna have to bury that yeah
so i do i travel a lot and i love to
travel
i think you know i travel for work
because i'm a comedian but i also travel
for fun
and bless you and
it's polite you say that it's like a
birthday wish otherwise it won't come
true
you know
i do i travel i travel for work but i
also travel for fun and one of my
favorite ways to travel is i love the
couple's vacation
i think it's the best way to travel just
you and your boo away from home
you know because the hardest thing you
ever have to do on a couple's vacation
is figure out should we eat again
we just ate i don't care i don't snacky
well we don't have anything else to do
let's just eat let's just be naughty
let's grab a sandwich
i love it you turn into different people
on a couple's vacation you say stuff to
each other you'd never say at home
like if you wake up before me wake me up
because i i don't want to miss the
sunrise without you
you don't say stuff like that at home
no at home you're like if you wake up
before me and you wake me up i'll kill
you
you wake up before me you just lay there
don't even get out of bed because you
cannot do that quietly because i don't
know what our sheets are made out of
dorito bags come on
just lay there try not to breathe so
loud why do you breathe so loud
i love you too
one of our favorite places to go is we
love to go to hawaii
oh my gosh have you guys ever been to
hawaii
oh hawaii
oh hawaii it's a who hasn't been to
hawaii
anybody right there okay i'm going to
tell you all about hawaii so you'll want
to go
yeah and and if i if i don't get
something right
don't correct me
hawaii is a beautiful magical land
filled with
beautiful places and beautiful people in
a language that's like
it's like you got a bad rack of tiles at
scrabble
just all vowels and h's
and some k's what are you going to spell
with that
wiki wiki wiki
it's a confusing language because some
words mean multiple things
like everybody knows the word aloha
means hello
it also means that's confusing
you mean hello and goodbye you don't
know if you're common or going it means
hello goodbye it also means love or i
love you so you have to use
situational context to try to figure out
what someone's saying when they say
aloha
not too difficult like if i'm getting
out of an uber
uber driver says aloha i can safely
assume the uber driver is in love with
me
it happened a lot in hawaii because that
was looking good
and some pretty big book of shells on
the words they're hard to pronounce a
lot of weird syllables
but i learned three words pretty good i
had aloha mahalo and mele kilikimanka
which is the thing to say on a bright
hawaiian christmas day
not terribly useful on a tuesday in july
but i said it a bunch anyway i was
trying to prove to the to the natives
that i was just as local as they were
because i'd been there for 10 days
so one day at dinner uh i'm sitting
there my waitress
came up and she asked me she said can i
get you anything off the wikitiki drink
menu and i'm like uh yeah you can
tell me if i'm not pronouncing this
correctly
i would like to try the quack okay
nailed it
she goes wow that was super close
that's pronounced coca-cola
i said great make it a diet
stupidly i had rented a car while i was
there and i see stupidly
because all the street signs in hawaii
are in hawaiian
yeah it's in america so you think
there'd be like a maple street or an elm
street there's not even a macadamia
street
if you want to go down to the old
mcdonald's you got to go down e-i-e-i-o
way
it's my favorite joke for the whole
special that's it
so i rented a car i can't find my way
around and i want to go have a
traditional
local hawaiian lunch so i'm asking the
concierge of my hotel
how do i get from here to a place that
the locals would have a local hawaiian
lunch so the concierge is giving me
directions to the cheesecake factory
he says you're going to want to leave
the property and make a left on lua
hawaii away boulevard
and it was one of those words that when
he said it it sounded like there were
ukuleles playing in his throat
to the cheesecake factory
when i tried to repeat it back it
sounded like i had been hit in the head
with a coconut
which way am i going i don't know
it's like maybe you should write it down
so he draws me a map cheesecake factory
is on the corner of
lua hawaiawa boulevard and wikileaky
tiki street
now i'm concerned at this point cause i
drive a little fast
i'm like what if i accidentally mistake
wikileaky tiki street for wiki tiki
licky street
make a wrong turn end up at the bottom
of a volcano and anger the gods because
i am not a virgin
it rains for two weeks i ruined
someone's wedding i'm not gonna have
that
so i pulled out my phone i was like this
is a job for siri
i asked siri to gps and i said hey siri
how do we get from here to the
cheesecake factory
listening to siri try to say lua way
away boulevard
what's better than swimming with the
dolphins
hey siri how do we get from here to the
cheesecake factory
bing in 30 feet turn left on
recalculating
and 20 feet turn left on
you he been recalculating
in 10 feet turn left on l u a
h u a u a h u a u
a h u a u a h u a
h u a u a bing go to the old macdonald
on e i e i o
way
i don't have any kids
i just don't i don't have any kids i
think i could still have some if i
wanted to
um like sometimes i think i'm too old to
have kids
up here
i think i could still make one
if i needed to
like if there was a a baby shortage
and the government was like we need all
able-bodied women to start making some
babies
i'd be like yeah what kind of baby you
want
you you want an awesome babe i'll make
you a baby put it straight in baby
sports
like a like a baby on baby bare knuckle
boxing tournament
you know two babies in or only one baby
leaves that's my baby
i just think i'm too mature
that's all i'm saying i realize this
because
i have a little niece and we were
hanging out not too long ago and when
i'm around her i realize i have a little
trouble relating to her because of our
age difference because she's four and
i'm
not
she's super into cinderella right now
and one night she was over she wanted me
to read her that story and so i did
and since i'm not around kids that often
i was treating it like book club
read the story and then discuss
so at the end of the book which i did
not care for i was like well i don't
like that book what'd you think she's
like oh i liked it i said why
she said i really like cinderella and i
was like i did not like her
at all she goes well aunt kristen what
did you like about the book i was like
well if i had to pick something
underrated character unsung hero of that
story
i like that stepmom
cinderella was a pretty good housekeeper
but kind of ungrateful to the stepmother
that took her in
she was always complaining a whiny brat
if you ask me
complaining about the fact that she had
to clean i mean come on this nice lady
put a roof up over your head so suck it
up cinderella and make your bed and suck
it up cinderella
make the bed well despite her attitude
she gets invited to a party
where she starts hitting on the hottest
guy around
well come on cinderella no wonder your
stepsisters hate you
cinderella gets around goes straight
into town starts getting around
then she gets drunk and starts acting
like a stripper
she loses track of time stumbles down
the stairs loses her glass slipper
drunk people lose shoes drunk people
lose shoes sober people never do
drunk people whose shoes drunk people
lose shoes so where people never do
let's look at the moral of the story
that we learn from cinderella
if you're a whiny little floozy goes to
parties and gets boozy you'll attract
the wrong guy who might be rich but
that's a foot fetish cause if you think
about the prince he likes to make girls
try on shoes
let's look at the more of the story that
we've learned from this song drunk
people lose shoes strong people lose
shoes
sober people never do do do drunk people
lose shoes drunk people lose shoes
sober people never do sing a long time
see everybody
sing good drunk people lose shoes
revolutions
thank you so much
you
um but yeah all my friends are getting
married now and I feel kind of left
behind and I feel like every time I
speak to one of my friends from home
who's good who's married I always like
Esther I'm telling you the day that I
met my husband I just knew he was gonna
be my husband I'm just like that's
that's crazy you're just lying or you
say that for every guy you meet in case
he proposes to you it's obvious okay I
know I'm a girl I do it too okay if
you're the barista at Starbucks and
you've handed me my drink
I've already pictured you in a tuxedo
with my family crying behind us don't
make eye contact with me unless you're
ready to put a ring on it sir
oh my very good friends to always accuse
me of being cheap because I never want
to go out and do stuff they like let's
go get manicures I'm like I can't afford
a manicure okay you're married you have
a double income okay when you're married
it's like everything is just 50% off all
the time
okay there's a man at home is just gonna
pay the bills no matter what you do like
it's great I don't have that yet
I can't afford manicures I haven't had a
manicure since my sweet 16 which looks
like it was a week ago but I promise you
it was ten years ago
my hands are filthy I can't even
masturbate without giving myself a yeast
infection do you know how hard it is to
find a gynecologist on Groupon they're
not there
you guys I'm really excited to be here
and that this is like gonna go on the
Internet
a lot of people are gonna see it that's
really big I've never like really been
on TV or anything I've only been on TV
once I went to a taping of Jerry
Springer cuz I was yeah that's the
appropriation I was living in Chicago
and I didn't know what else to do
certainly wasn't gonna read or anything
so we went to a taping of Jerry Springer
and I went with my friend and they told
us to dress in business casual anyway we
were in business casual and you want to
know who else was no one I mean to be
fair either no one else's in business
casual or everyone else's businesses
we're extremely casual but because we
were dressed so nicely they put us like
front and center we were like in the
action we were as much a part of the
show as the naked guy screaming nonsense
and so we're watching the show it's
going great they were doing a great job
and all of a sudden out of nowhere a guy
that's just an upper torso like no legs
just walks across the stage on his hands
and nobody says anything he doesn't say
anything like it
nobody says anything like he does it as
if like we're having a meeting in his
apartment just completely totally fine
and I find out later that the reason
they do that is so that they can get
insane reaction shots from the rest of
the audience that they'll then plug into
like otherwise boring moments which is
why there's an episode of Jerry Springer
out there in which someone goes I've
been cheating on you this whole time and
they cut to a full shot of my face that
they hold for five seconds and I'm just
going
as if I've never heard of infidelity
before people think I'm an idiot the
worst part about going to a Jerry
Springer taping is when you leave you
walk past the people who are waiting to
go into Oprah
that's the worst walk of shame I've ever
done I don't know what I just saw but
you guys are gonna get presents and
that's cool
you guys are so cute because you still
think you matter I'm getting a little
older I'm not old but I'm in my 30s is
anyone in that age range here yeah wow
you're pretty happy about it that's good
good job usually they're like yeah here
it's funny because for some reason the
second you turn 30 you start saying
you're old you're like that's it I'm old
now I'm old and then for 10 years you
just keep saying it you're like I'm old
I'm old I'm old I'm old and then you
turn 40 and you're like now I'm old I
could have been young for an extra 10
years but I wasted it saying I was old
now I've lost 10 extra years where I
could have been young then you turn 80
you're like now I'm really old I could
have been just kind of old now I'm
really old then you die and you're like
I could have been alive for eighty two
and a half years now I'm dead I can't
even have this brilliant thought so my
point is none of us are old because
we're still here
yeah still doing it who's in their 20s
anybody all right yeah you're you're
happier that's good twenty twenties I
don't relate to it's like it's a good
time but I don't relate to it anymore
cuz I'm like you guys are so cute
because you still think you matter
like the rest your life is just this
really long journey where you'll find
out you matter less and last and less
every day and then you die not to give
it away but that's
what you can look forward to I feel like
you spend your twenties sort of waiting
for your life to start you know you guys
look so young are you how old are you
twenty exactly
he's just so ready for it to start
already right and that's how it is
you're like next year I'm gonna I'm
gonna get that big job and my life is
gonna start and then another year goes
by you're like next year I'm gonna fall
madly in love and my life is gonna start
then another year goes by and you're
like next year I'm gonna get two towels
and my life is gonna start and then you
turn 30 and you're like it started this
is my life like waiting for the bus to
come you're already on the bus you're
like wins the bus getting here and
they're like you are on it you are on
the bus near like why am i riding a bus
[Music]
there's activities that I want to do as
much in my 30s like I went to a bar
recently as my friend and we lasted like
five minutes and got bored we're like
you want to go yeah let's let's go and
as we're walking our cars my friends
like oh my god Erica we're getting older
we're not fun anymore no no no that's
not what's happening okay it's not that
we're not fun anymore it's oh we're
getting older and we're getting smarter
and we're starting to realize it was
never fun we just pretended this whole
time
somebody asked me the other day is that
your real voice I was like no I got a
voice lift very expensive procedure but
worth it to annoy people for the rest of
my life thank you
I had an acting teacher once say if you
don't fix your voice you're never gonna
have a career and so far he's right your
dreams get more attainable as you get
older right that's something it's not
like you don't have dreams anymore they
just they just change a little bit you
know like for instance when I used to
say that when I make it I used to be
like when I make it I'm gonna have a
beautiful house in Malibu overlooking
the ocean I pictured all glass windows
you know I would wake up in the morning
look at the ocean and now I'm like when
I make it I'm gonna get a headboard for
my bed I'm just gonna get one of those
giant wooden head boards like a real
grown-up bed thank you just changes you
know although the other day I have to
say the other day I was like you know
what I think maybe I made it because I
woke up in the morning and I was like I
don't have any kids to take care of I
also don't have a husband to talk to or
a boyfriend to fight with or a dog to
walk or a backyard to mow I don't have a
pool to clean or a mortgage to pay or a
credit card to use to pay the mortgage
I don't have a real job to go to I don't
have a dishwasher to turn on or a
microwave to turn on or a Brita filter
to change I was like I am completely
free to go back to bed and I did and I
think that's winning now yeah I think
that's winning can tell you all have
houses guys are like yeah it's a pain
you don't want one you do not want one I
do do a little bit of acting or as my
mom says I'm trying to be an actress in
of mine he's like no mom I'm not I'm not
trying to be an actress I am an actress
okay I'm trying to get you to send me
money but I had an audition recently to
play a Swedish secretary big part you
know so they're like a lot of blondes
like you ladies in the waiting room and
I overheard this Japanese guys say they
all look the same
and I was like dude that's racist
and he goes blonde isn't a race see this
is where the dumb blonde stereotype
comes from and I was like hold on a
second I thought all Japanese guys love
blonde girls and he goes I'm Filipino I
was like you're such an idiot I didn't
even ask for your name
[Music]
that joke has never done better than I
was the best that's ever done maybe cuz
there's a lot of blondes here tonight
you guys were late my mom is proud of me
though she was like honey I'm just so
relieved you were never involved with
Harvey Weinstein she's like I know you
weren't cuz I told your father if she
had been she'd be a lot more successful
and she was like Eric I just had this
revelation you and grandma are very
similar because you're in a
male-dominated profession with stand-up
comedy and grandma was in a
male-dominated profession with
aeronautical engineering I was like you
were pretty much the same person except
one of us was very good at math and the
other owns one towel besides that were
both killing it just killing it it was a
weird year for men right weird year for
men not a great year to be a creepy male
comic so it wasn't a great year to be a
male comic
so it wasn't a great year to be a male
what I found the most surprising about
the whole movement was how surprised we
were by men being gross like that's one
of the first things I learned as it as a
child my mom was like eat your broccoli
men are gross and then suddenly this
year we all woke up and every morning it
was like did you hear did you hear
another man was gross again and I'm like
I thought we knew that and then another
day goes by and you're like did you hear
another one another one was gross I'm
like I'm not I'm not shocked I thought
we knew this already the men are like
yeah we know we know I don't think that
all men are bad or anything I just think
that maybe they're slow learners
right we just need to give them a little
time to catch up and if they're over
like 80 just let them die a creep you
know give them those last couple years
you don't need to teach an 8-year old
man why it's demeaning to call a woman
sweetheart you know he's only got a
little time left
guys really was that political we don't
know we're confused I've been traveling
a lot which is it's good to get out of
LA you know it's nice he's like I got
out and I stayed out it's it's you know
it's a weird place la um anytime you can
get out and just remember what real
people are like that's that's comforting
and I don't I don't always get a lot of
time in places but I do meet a lot of
lyft drivers you know cuz I take a lot
of lists and you can tell a lie about a
place just by the lyft drivers you know
so I was in Minnesota recently and they
are so nice they're my lyft driver was
such a sweetheart she was like oh my
gosh you're a comic oh wow that's so
brave I could never be a comic your
mother must be so proud of you and I was
like thank you and then I get back to LA
and my driver is like oh you're a comic
yeah me too yeah I'm also an actress
slash producer slash massage therapist
slash blogger slash vlogger slash marine
biologists
I don't really need this job I'm just
doing it to study people it's like maybe
you should study the art of silence then
I was in New York I Love New York if you
guys been to the to New York recently er
yeah it's it's great because what I love
about New York is that people just stare
at each other you know like there's like
a lot of eye contact you guys are doing
great with eye contact right now and I
miss eye contact cuz in LA everybody's
on their phones or in their cars and
nobody like looks at each other you know
and in New York there's this beautiful
moment on the subway when everybody
loses cellphone reception you know and
you just sort of pick a partner sitting
across from you and you just stare at
that person for like 15 stops until
someone gets off the train and it's it's
just this magical moment and I went to
this little pizza place in the West
Village and the other thing I love about
New York is everything so small you know
so like if you touch shoulders with
somebody nobody like pulls away you're
just like oh I guess we're cuddling now
you know it's just
it's just like you know you just feel
like you're part of something so I went
to this pizza place and I sat down and
there are only about four chairs total
and there's only one empty seat and it
was right in front of me and this guy
just sat down in the empty seat in front
of me and we just ate our pizza and
total silence just staring into each
other's eyes for like 15 minutes just
looking at each other eating our pizza
until we finished our Pete so then we
both got up walked over to the trashcan
threw away our paper plates walked our
separate directions without ever saying
a word and I was like that was the best
date I've been on
in ten years it's like nobody said
anything stupid it lasted the perfect
length of time and we never have to see
each other again
I was like that's love you know that's
the kind of love I want I did go through
a breakup a couple months ago which I
thought was good because it meant it was
a real relationship
finally right usually I'm like it's over
and he's like who's this I don't know I
don't know this number I wish I wish we
could bring breakups back from before
the internet right it was it was easier
we could just be like listen I'm sorry
it didn't work out have a nice life go
away right simple now it's like sorry it
didn't work out I will see you online
forever or visit messy breakup you could
be like I'm gonna block your phone
number and they'd be gone right one
thing now it's like I'm gonna block your
phone number then I'm gonna defriend you
on facebook on follow you on twitter
take you off my Instagram do whatever it
is to get rid of the snapchat and get my
mom to do the same thing
[Music]
there are so many clues he wasn't the
right person for me I feel like there's
usually clues right that we ignore for
four to five years widen clue is we have
very little in common except we both
really loved him
[Laughter]
sounds crazy he actually said these
words to me once he was like I love you
more than you love me because I love
myself so much you need to love yourself
more so that you can love me more and I
was like actually I think we both need
to love you less because the more I love
you the more I hate myself
for loving a guy who loves himself so
much another clue is I think your
romance might be in trouble the second
you start taking off your own clothes if
you're not laughing you're worried you
guys are like it's been 15 years since
anyone did that this sounds crazy
because in the beginning of a
relationship it's it's so exciting like
you're so attracted to each other right
like you
you can't stop touching each other
you're you're ripping off clothes you're
throwing each other up against walls
consensually hopefully and then there's
this gradual shift that happens right
you don't see it coming it happens over
time you find yourself politely taking
off your shirt and folding it and
putting it on your side of the bed you
take off your shirt and fold it and put
it on your side of the bed and then you
get under the covers and you turn out
the lights and you're like why are you
googling Brita filters
[Laughter]
I thought you found one you like and
he's like I found a coupon and you're
like I I guess I'll sleep at my place
and he's like well can you leave the
garage door opener and you're like why
and he's like well because the last time
we broke up
you had the garage door opener and I
never got it back and you're like are we
breaking up and he's like I don't know
are we and you're like I don't know are
we and he's like I don't know are we and
then three years later you break up
and still have his garage door opener
thank you very much thank you
glad I'm not the only one who have that
exact conversation once we fought a lot
that's another sign we thought about
really dumb stuff like we fought once
during the show catfish have you guys
seen the show catfish yes okay well
apparently I was talking during the
important parts of catfish and if you've
seen catfish and you think there are
important parts in catfish you are part
of the problem it's about people who
pretend to be different people online
and he's like don't you think you could
learn something from this and I was like
the only thing I'm learning is that
you're not who I thought you were thank
you ladies thanks
she's like going through it right now
man going through right now I feel you I
feel you one of our fights was really
really dumb even dumber than that like
he was sort of competitive with me I
think it's so important to find someone
who lifts you up supports you you know
and one one time just out of blue he
goes you know you're not smarter than me
and I was like it's actually smarter
than I am
[Laughter]
and then he said well between you and I
I finished college and you didn't and I
was like it's actually between you and
me and then he said you and I are done
and I was like you got that one right
[Music]
[Applause]
you guys were so smart you saw that
coming you know exactly what the grammar
was some people don't know the correct
grammar but this is to tell you're in a
college town you know educated bunch in
here I should have known he wasn't right
for me but when my mom liked him that
was probably the final straw you know
she's just so desperate at this point
you know like she she's so sick of
having conversations where we have
nothing to talk about like you know cuz
I don't have a boyfriend or as I said
anything except a toaster and so the
conversations are all just like so how's
how's your car doing still driving it
you know still has four wheels how's
your apartment still live there yep so
she just wants something else to talk
about you know and now I think she's
just really like hoping I might be gay
she's like holding out for that cuz any
time I post a photo with a girl she's
she emails me and she's like Dana looks
nice are you gonna bring Dan you know
home for Christmas can't wait to meet
her I'm like I'm not gay yet you know
give me
give me one more year one more year to
try this another guy dated I called her
about eyes like I'm seeing a new guy he
doesn't have a job right now there is a
slight chance he's a drug addict small
possibility he's also homeless because
he's been staying with me for about four
days doesn't look like he's making much
progress and leaving anytime soon and
she just goes but he likes you I was
like mom what happened to know your
worth honey she always said no you're
worse and she was like that was when you
were younger you are worth a lot more
back then
I hate it from going on a date or slang
and someone goes Erica just have fun and
be yourself because for me it's one or
the other like I can't do both like I'll
never be the girl you know post this
photo on Instagram like this fancy yoga
pose like on top of a mountain with the
Sun setting and the caption living the
dream I'm where the girl who posts a
selfie from bed with the caption can't
get up I want to do non motivational
quotes on Instagram
which should go something like just
don't
or there doesn't have to be another day
[Laughter]
or you can always live the life you
imagined if you have a really bad
imagination my friend want to get lunch
the other day but she's like I'm vegan
now huh here we go
that whole thing I was like do you want
to go to Cafe Gratitude the vegan
restaurant and she's like well I'm also
gluten-free so can we go to the juice
bar and I was like how about we just
never speak again move on with our lives
[Applause]
and she's like do you want to go out on
a boat sometime like she had a friend
with a boat and I was like you've been
on a boat before right is that something
we have to do twice in this lifetime cuz
I don't think about the boat anymore I
think about all the steps that lead up
to the boat you know like I have to put
my bathing suit on then I have to figure
out who else is gonna be on the boat and
can I wear my bathing suit in front of
the people on the boat then I feel a
research project on the people are gonna
be on the boat to determine if I can
wear my bathing suit in front of them
then I have to get to the boat I'll
probably get lost getting there because
I'll take ways and ways it's gonna be
like try making this left turn sucker
then I'll get on the boat not really
want to be on the boat everyone also
probably not really want to be on the
boat either but they'll be Instagram
snapchat storing that they're on the
boat cuz they want other people who
aren't on the boat to wish that they
were on the boat so what I'd rather do
honestly is just stay home put my
bathing suit on get in the bathtub put
on my heart will go on from Titanic take
a selfie posted on Instagram and label
it living the real dream
[Applause]
Tagg just jump
I hate the expression it is what it is
you know you're having a bad day like I
got a flat tire my boyfriend broke up
with me and your friends like well it is
what it is I'm like no it isn't it isn't
what it is it just is right you
shouldn't have to repeat it is what it
is you should just be able to say it is
unless maybe you say it is and someone
goes what
then you can repeat it is
[Applause]
the same friend got a tattoo recently
she is so proud of it she's like Eric I
just got a new tattoo of a hummingbird
do you know what hummingbirds represent
and I was like no but I bet you're gonna
tell me she's like they represent change
I was like interesting you know it
doesn't usually represent change tattoos
not a big symbol of change I do feel
like getting a tattoo is a little like
having kids because it seems really cool
when other people get them but then you
get one and you're like shoot I have
this forever now it's not gonna be cute
in ten years
I definitely thought I'd be married by
now is like in my 30s of course I'll be
married I'll have kids I'll do all the
things right but now I'm starting to
look at the bright side I feel like if
you're in your 30s and you're not
married and you don't have kids it's a
little like breaking even in a casino
like you didn't win but you didn't not
win right you didn't totally mess up
your life but you also don't really have
one
my sister has two very cute kids she has
a five year old and a three year old and
the five world her name's Annabel and
recently my sisters like I just want you
to get married well Annabel would still
make a cute flower girl and I was like I
just want to get married before Annabel
gets married
that's my goal I went to a dermatologist
recently and he he was like trying to
sell me Botox he was like go like this
and I wouldn't like dose and he's like
yep you got those lines and he's like
smile and I was like he's like yep you
got those lines I like what if I just
don't make those faces you know just
like stand really still and then he's a
cowled are you and I was like I'm 30 and
and he's like do you have a boyfriend I
was like no not right now and he's like
well have you thought about freezing
your eggs I was like first you want me
to freeze my face now you want me to
freeze my eggs I was like the only thing
I wish I froze was my self-esteem from
before this appointment
my parents have married a long time
they've been married for 41 years yeah
41 years has anyone been married that
long here really
how 40 years 42 you said almost your cap
are you counting backwards
you're 40 Wow what's the secret to a
happy marriage any ideas I'll second
that I'll second that Maya my theory
about happy marriages is that I think
they last the longest when the men
almost never speak because they usually
say the wrong thing you know it's
usually not right and I feel like I feel
like if they don't speak we'll just
assume they're thinking the right thing
you know we'll just assume so my parents
have married a long time and I think
it's because partially because my dad
almost never talks and my mom does all
the talking and part of it is I think my
dad just can't leave my mom because he's
in a wheelchair I mean he loves her but
where is he going
realistically right where is he gonna go
didn't see that coming I know you guys
are like do we laugh at that we're not
sure we don't know he yeah he's that he
he likes jokes about him so you're fine
too laughs Elena he has an Massey now
it's a neurological disease and found
out they had an MS Walk
I thought it was quite disrespectful so
I went on it you know to find out what
all the fuss is about just thousands of
people showing off what they can do just
so rude my dad doesn't like that joke
but I was like sorry dad but when I have
an idea I run with it
like some people I know
you're just gonna have to roll with that
[Music]
[Applause]
I love you guys clapping at wheelchair
jokes this is this is my crowd this is
my crowd I do think it's important to
still laugh at uncomfortable topics you
know like I have a friend who has two
hook hands and exactly you can laugh at
that it's not because you hate people
with hook hands you're just like we
didn't think you were gonna say hook
hands right
that wasn't the next word you predicted
me to say and the same thing happened
when I first met him he shook out his
hook and I didn't expect to see a hook
so caught me off-guard you know and I
didn't know what to do in that moment I
didn't know whether to address it not
address it hang my jacket on it I didn't
know I was like I've never been in this
situation before
so I just sort of panicked you know
decided to pretend everything was normal
you know just shook the hook said nice
to meet you and walked away and then I
had a friend who was a comic on the same
show and he got the hook and when he got
the hook he was like
and I was like that was the right
reaction
that's how I wish I had reacted so
immediately the guy just looked so at
peace like thank goodness somebody's
actually acknowledging the reality in
front of him you know so we're all so
afraid all the time these were all
messed up we all have something right
like who's got nothing wrong with them
exactly we're all we're all messed up in
some way III get to press sometimes I
actually just went off my
antidepressants which is thank you it's
good I'm starting to feel again you know
and I thought I would get like a natural
remedy for depression so I went to the
herbalist you know the woman in Whole
Foods who wears the badge
and I told her I was like I just went
off my antidepressants and she goes good
for you good for you I was like thank
you and she's like do you want to try
some CBD oil it's supposed to be good
for depression and I was like you know
honestly I don't think I need it now I
think all I needed was someone to say
good for you and now I feel great so now
anytime I feel down I just go to aisle
three I talked to Susan and get some
self-esteem then I started realize that
people say the exact same thing when you
go on antidepressants is when you go off
them so when you go on them people are
like cliff for you for really taking
care of your mental health good for you
and then you go off them and people are
like good for you for being so brave to
do this on your own good for you
so what I realize is people just don't
care they don't care what you're doing
I was actually sober for 15 years then I
turned 16
I tried you know I tried my friend just
got sober and now she thinks everybody's
an addict like she just keeps seeing
addicts everywhere she's like do you
think maybe Rex was an addict because
his behavior was very erratic and I was
like no you know maybe a narcissist but
not an addict and then she's like well
do you think maybe you're an addict cuz
you kept going back to the relationship
that I was like you know some people are
just dumb like some people don't need
any outside help to make really bad
decisions why don't i date recently with
a guy who tried to seduce me with
adderall that was interesting he's like
you want to go back to my place to do
some adderall and I was like okay sure
it's good for learning right so he went
back to his place we did the adderall
and I think what we learned from this
experience is that adderall is not
ecstasy does not have the same effects I
wasn't at all turned on instead I was
just very very focused
on finding ecstasy it's like now I need
it sometimes I get so depressed I just
want to lie in bed all day you know guys
ever feel like that you're just I just
wanna lie in bed all day but then I'm
like but is it lying in bed
there's a land bed right cuz like a
chicken lays an egg but sleeping dogs
lie
so do chickens lay and dogs lie and I'm
like okay it's definitely time to get up
but you're not supposed to end a
sentence with a preposition so then I'm
like I might as well just stay in bed
but as it might as well or as it may as
well
[Laughter]
I think what I'm trying to say is I'm
really good lay or is that just a really
big lie it is what it is all in there
thanks you guys
[Applause]
we have any Scientologists here okay
yeah bigger Dukas are flames and [ __ ]
um so I'm like I'm kind of like a big
deal in the Scientology community I'm
kind of a celebrity over there what
happened was me and my friend Ari we
watched that Scientology documentary
going clear in HBO have you guys seen it
something crazy it took a bizarre weird
thing that happens literally on the same
street we're on right so we watch that
and we're like you let's go there and
like check it out like [ __ ] around cuz
you know or lose there's me a lot of
free time right so we hop in the car and
we're driving there and I called my
friend Steve and I'm like dude you got
to come with us we can go sign Church of
Scientology go [ __ ] around then he goes
no way dude that's a cult they're going
to brainwash you and they're going to
take your money and I'm like look dude I
grew up on a [ __ ] hippie commune and
I'm in a a I know cult tricks okay
they're not going to get me with that
[ __ ] but you can't be in three cults in
one lifetime like [ __ ] upset you know
so yeah so we get there right and we
walk through the doors and some people
greet us know okay how are you guys
doing and we wanted them to like cord us
in awhile which we wanted to meet Tom
Cruise who on the whole experience right
and so they were like also what do you
guys do and I was like all the Trust's
on baby that's never been on the
internet before and they got rock-hard
they were like let's take this [ __ ]
idiots and money okay and then they
brought us into the sales office right
it's actually called like the Hope
Center they get really mad if you call
the sales office it feels just like a
timeshare presentation and they sit us
down they make us fill out some
questionnaires and stuff and it came
back and they told me I was the most
depressed person they've ever seen in
their entire life and I was like that's
true but [ __ ] you dude and so and they
said I was unmotivated and I'm like
that's not sure that's not that's not
true I'm very motivated so we leave and
we start walking around the building
right we have no idea where we're going
right and we I took the cheese platter -
that was sitting there was eaten cheese
walking around the Church of Scientology
and we take a service elevator into the
basement and we start walking around the
basement of the Church of Scientology I
mean no clue where we're going right and
this guy stops us he's like hey you know
we're like hope [ __ ] like you're going
to throw some Scientology prison they're
gonna make us watch Top Gun over and
over again like we're [ __ ] we're never
getting out of here and then the guy
goes are you in the purification program
and I was like yeah quick on my feet and
and then you go oh perfect you want to
be in the photo shoot and I'm like yeah
I want to be in the photo shoot are you
kidding me so they bring us into the
purification room right this room where
you sit in a sauna for like 30 days and
treadmill and we'll need vitamins until
you're like ready to get brainwashed
right and they go where's your uniform
so I was like laundry did and they bring
us brand new uniforms which I stole
which is dope because they have to buy a
Halloween costume was here we go into
the purification right we have a full
professional photo shoot with the church
Scientology we end up leaving and we
start talking to this guy and he said
wait were you in the photo shoot are you
in the magazine we're like yeah he's
like dude I'm born and raised in
Scientology nuts still never once been
in the magazine but holy [ __ ] and I'm
like that's because you're fat did
sure they don't like fat people there
they said that's me we end up leaving
right and they actually call me less
than Equinox does which is crazy this
one ah calls you a lot and then three
months later I open the mail I get this
this magazine called freedom magazine
it's like a Scientology magazine and I'm
flipping through and then page six is me
and my friend Ari just sitting in the
sauna just like
and I have literally been digging
digging digging through my purse looking
for my cell phone while I was talking on
it
I can't find my phone I don't know what
I've done with my phone my friend goes
well just talk to me on this one - you
find it and now everyone is wireless you
know the other day I'm waiting for the
elevator so elevator doors open gaga's
hey I said hey he goes how you doing I
said I'm good
he goes I'm on the phone I said I am too
you gotta think quick
that's not a way to really make that
work for me I ran into a girl in high
school where she came running over to me
Karen I said Cathy and she said no she
said I'm Sarah I said I'm on the phone
[Laughter]
[Music]
and whenever I'm talking to my mom on my
cell phone if I drop the call and I call
her back she's in a panic
she's over you okay I'm like well yeah I
just lost my signal and she's like oh
Lord
that scared me to death I was afraid
somebody had knocked in the head she's
always worried about that don't stop it
arrest there at nice about knock you in
the head
you better lock your doors tight
somebody break in on your knock in the
hand I'm surprised we don't hear more
about that on the news last night 15
people got knocked in the hand 1 1 she's
talking on her cell phone
and I told my mom I was doing that bit I
went through the whole thing for and she
looked at me and then cracked smile she
said I don't see anything funny about
getting knocked in a
it's kind of a double standard because I
tell her I'm fine stop worrying if I've
called my parents for several hours and
nobody answers I'm on the phone to my
brother and one world side of mom and
dad they didn't say they were going
anywhere
we're in a row could it be then we both
take off not their house start looking
for clues and a little while here they
come they bent the funeral home ran into
people they hadn't seen in a while
got socialising let's see yeah well you
need to let somebody know if you're
gonna be out late I thought somebody
knocked in the head
obviously be a millionaire if her job
was to worry she worries about
everything I was on a cruise and the
whole time I was gone she was on pins
and needles because of pirates
I said mom the pirates and Somalia I'm
gonna be in the Caribbean she said that
doesn't matter
so there's copycats so that's what's
really threatening our national security
copycat pirates and in case you didn't
know and she knows just another about
technology to confuse her she called me
one day and she said will you look on
your computer and see what channel the
ball game comes on she said I googled it
with my remote control but I can't find
it and back when Amazon announced they
were going to start sending drones to
deliver packages she called she said you
know what's gonna happen there you order
something from Amazon they'll send a
drone out to deliver it to you and about
the time they drop it on your porch
you'll walk out your front door and get
knocked in there hey everybody I'm Karen
Mills thanks so much for watching my
clip and now you can watch my entire
special for only 99 cents if you'll just
click here you'll get this show in its
entirety or you can just watch more
comedy clips from me and my fellow
comedians just click here and there's
more comedy to come
one of us had to go
i'm in a different stage in my life
tom talked about kids but tom has little
kids
i have seven kids
no it's not a good thing
no i i have seven kids my oldest kid
she's 35 years old
now clap
you're like well you're cute that's 35.
my youngest is 15.
yeah yeah yeah
she's the one that makes me think about
doing prison ministry yeah
as i tell her all the time i said i get
it i understand i'm in a different stage
of my life i get it
i i understand you know because i'm safe
sanctified filled with the holy spirit i
get it
i said but i was raised on gangster rap
leave me alone before you get it
[Music]
17 year old um he ran away earlier this
year
oh no it's okay
one of us had to go
the year since i pay rent it might as
well be you
seriously my 17 year old walked around
my house like i lived with him
not only like i lived with him but like
i lived with him and i was behind
on my rent
kids nowadays they're different they
they're different
and and i understand now because kids
nowadays are getting raised a little
differently
do you guys remember a television show
come on a long time ago
um um the nanny
y'all remember that i i it used to blow
my mind
because i used to watch the show and it
would start off the same way every time
every time it would start off with the
parents being interviewed
and and the parents would be like
and you still understand
he's so demanding
and i'm like he's three
the show gets it going on and and and
the the
nanny would tell the parent to
discipline timmy
timmy going off mommy i hate you i hate
you i ain't you
and hit his mama
the mother would be all discombobulated
she wouldn't know what to do she'd be
stuck
the nanny be standing in the corner like
this
now remember she would come over there
and she would go no no no
this is not acceptable
this is what i need you to do he needs
you to come down to his
level look him straight in the eye and
firmly
say timmy you get a time out
[Laughter]
say provo i know i'm in the right place
because see i see you thinking like i'm
thinking
because if it was you and if it was me
it'd be a whole different show
timmy gets going off mommy i hate you i
hate you boo hit me
commercial
but no no no no i i i'm i'm at a point
in my life i'm
i'm married any married couples in the
house give it up if you're married
yes that's what we doing provo we get
married
okay 23 years
23 years i've been married 23 years
hey man amen and now i'm at that point
in the
life where i absolutely love my husband
and i also like him
you know anybody know you've been
married god knew what he was doing
when he separated love and like
love is everlasting like truly comes and
goes hey man
i mean shoot i don't like zucchini but i
love to eat
23 years though um you know and and i
got to give it to my kids for the amount
of time that we have been together and
and how how long we've been together
because you know 23 years is a long time
you go through some ups and downs and
and you know we got to a point
that we were going to kind of end it we
were going gonna just kind of
go and get divorced and we started going
to court and things like that and
you know then we got into a battle about
the kids because
neither one of us wanted custody
it's like you get the kids no you get
the kids well forget it we just gonna
stay together then
but 23 years you learn some things you
figure some things out you understand
you think
give you because you don't get married
on your wedding day
you literally you were in there you're
in the moment you were all euphoric
and a little light-headed because your
girdle was tight
and he was like you know yes i do
it's 20 years after that if you could
still stand there and say yes i do
but after 23 years i've just learned
that men and women
are different it's just different people
um for example um
i've learned men don't close
drawers
drawers cabinets i don't know what it is
i i don't i figure maybe it's like an
allergic reaction that takes place
when they have to close it
it's hard for men to find things
hey babe babe do you know where the
ketchup is babe you know where the
ketchup is
you know you know that red bottle
did you just move to the side
that was it
[Music]
after 23 years i don't know where my
husband's keys are
babe you know where my keys are no honey
i don't know where your keys are
next day babe you know where my keys are
no honey
i don't know where your keys are now i
need you guys help me out wives
out here help me out if you can follow
with me this is what i tell my husband
and if you can catch on just just write
this out with me
if you put your keys come on y'all in
the same place
every night the next morning you'll know
where they are
can we give god a hand praise
yeah husbands i don't know you
wives we we mothers we we put a lot into
our family we put a lot into our
children
and i got to a point in life where i
decided i was going to do some stuff for
me
i was going to take care of myself so i
started working out
yeah clap
i did i started realizing that i wasn't
doing things right i wasn't being very
healthy so i had to start doing some
things differently
you know i i started off small because
when you get to a point where you drop
things and
you have to have a discussion
before you pick it up like oh
oh that's that's way down there
yeah i didn't eat that money anyways
so i started doing simple things you
don't understand i started walking
yeah oh into the restaurant instead of
using the drive-thru
[Music]
baby steps
but um actually i i did i started i
joined this club it's called p2p
um and it's extreme workouts and things
like that and throughout the process
i lost 40 pounds yes
i see you over there with a little smug
look on your face
talking about well dang how big was she
that ain't christ-like
but i did i'm in better shape and better
condition and i i learned that i
learned a lot of things i learned a lot
of things throughout this process
like do you know god created us
perfectly
we are created perfectly you guys know
the normal temperature for the body is
98.6 degrees
yes a little higher it's a problem a
little lower
it could be a problem perfectly i
learned throughout this process that
when we eat things that are a lot of
processed
foods and things like that that what our
body does is it doesn't recognize those
things
so it starts to build fat around it to
protect it
because it doesn't know what to do with
it so i was like
oh my gosh all this time
i wasn't fat
i was over protected
god is so good
i also learned throughout this process
that um
there's sometimes that that that there's
things that happen to us the certain
things that we eat and it's not even
like wait sometimes we're just bloated
yeah yeah sometimes we just eat certain
things and it just bloats us up like you
know it's gas
some of y'all fart you'll be 20 pounds
lighter right now
let it go let it go
so i'm at a stage in my life where i am
learning to live and to love
life i guess yes
yes yeah i don't need y'all to clap is
somebody depressed in here what's going
on
are you really fine good for you no
but i am and and that's because i'm
getting older i'm i'm 48 years old you
guys
yes yes and and and
i recognize the difference between 20
and 40s it's not the same
it is not the same i i've learned that
like in my 20s there was just certain
things that i could do
when i wanted to how i wanted to and i
didn't care there was a lot of things
that i disrespected
when i was in my 20s like
you ever walk down the aisle at the
store
and you pass those readers
in my 20s i was like yeah i don't need
those in my 40s
i have pairs that match my outfits
do you know your eyesight changes
automatically when you turn 40 years old
like your eyes woke up and was like yeah
don't want to see anymore
there were things that i could do when i
wanted to
when i chose to like p
[Laughter]
in my twenties i could hold it all day
long oh i'm fine i gotta go
no we're fine fine in my 40s i'm like
whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa
whoa
and the pins look a whole lot better now
i would have been used them but i'm
scared they gonna work
i thought you had to use the bathroom ah
no no no i'm good
[Laughter]
[Music]
so my 40s your body starts to change up
and
and then i'm almost 50.
i'm just hot
hot i don't care if the air
conditioner's on
i'm hot in the morning i'm hot
in the evening i'm hot hot
now i'm a men i'm gonna need you to
there's a couple of things players is
never gonna understand
it's a lot out there but i'm gonna give
you two childbirth
and hot flashes
you're never gonna get it don't even try
as a matter of fact when you try
it makes it worse
husband gonna tell me oh baby you're
gonna be all right
really well the next time
satan is tap dancing on the back of your
neck
wearing a winter coat and smoking a
cigar
then we can talk how about that
but it's okay because i understand
what's happening the body is going
through the change and
it's taking its course and it's okay
because i don't want any more kids
that's what i hold on to as the the
furnace goes up and i go okay
the eggs are getting burnt away okay
thank you guys
cause i don't i don't want any more kids
i don't think i'll make it through
i don't i mean because kids make you
angry
oh kids make you angry kids make you do
things different
kids make you even watch tv differently
like i used to watch snapped
because i thought people were crazy
now i watch snapped cause i can relate
watching csi
trying to learn how to get past the
first 48.
kids kids and i don't want no more kids
i don't i got to that point where i'm
good
you know i got one more left if i can
get her out the house without doing jail
time
i'm all right but
i i'm women i just need you guys to know
in the states especially in this stage
of life when you're going through those
different changes hormonal changes and
things like that
you're still dealing with kids and
things like that let me tell you you are
a master of your emotions
give it up for yourself
and i know some of your husbands are
sitting next to you going no she's not
no she's not
she kills us off all the time no she's
not you have no
clue what goes through our minds
when certain things take place
no clue like for um example i have
walked out of my
house and stood outside
and thought to myself i could burn this
whole place down
with everybody in it
i've been driving down the street
me in the driver's seat my teenager on
this side
with an attitude for nothing
and have thought to myself
what would it take
for me to run this car into the side of
this diesel truck
so that i'm the only one that survives
and people get upset they're like no you
shouldn't say that no
we have to talk about these things these
are things as long as we talk about it
like i tell you you better let me get it
off my chest
but let me talk about it because if i
don't talk about it stuff gonna happen
let me free my mind or the rest will
follow
y'all wanna thank you for your time
cause this is your girl
you
I can't, I can't follow ridiculous rules.
Before I worked for the Javits Center,
I had another job that I wasted time on.
I love this job. 
I worked for this big corporation.
You might've heard for them...
Heard of them.
They're called Churches
Fried Chicken. Yeah.
(audience laughing)
Chicken was delicious.
(audience laughing)
The rules to work in their,
impossible to follow.
They were ridiculous.
When the chicken stays
under the light too long
don't sell it, but don't eat it either.
(audience laughing)
Why not? Like you're not selling it.
Why can't I have it?
They said every piece gets counted
at the end of the night and
then they throw it away.
You do what?
(audience laughing)
You should've put that
in the application.
I would not have taken this job 
because I like the chicken
when it's been under the light
extra long.
It made it even more crispy and good.
You guys don't know that
because they throw it away.
(audience laughing)
I was at the company meeting
trying to make changes
and great suggestions. 
Like, excuse me.
Hi. Yeah, over here.
Why can't we eat the chicken 
and count the bones?
Wouldn't that be the
same amount of chicken?
(audience laughing)
So yeah, they just like,
you know, sit down please.
Okay. Well thank you.
Every time I went to the bathroom, 
I couldn't save them all
but four or five of you come with me.
(audience laughing)
Yes, indeed. I love this.
No one could have ever told me
that I would be this old and
feel this good, really 57.
Like, I feel like more than
half of my life is over,
you know? And I only say that
because I know
that I don't want to live to be a 100.
(audience laughing)
No thank you.
(audience laughing)
'Cause I don't like people's response
when you pass away and you're a 100.
"You know, Nicky died."
Well, it's about time. Don't you think?
(audience laughing)
She lived a whole century,
what more do you want?
(audience laughing)
I don't mind getting older and
I hang out with a lot of
older people, older than me.
As soon as I got 50,
they started putting all these
rules on me and everything.
You know what you gotta do now, right?
And I'm like, what?
You have to get a bucket list.
I am extremely intelligent.
I never heard of this.
I didn't know what it was
but I wanted to be politically correct.
So I did start one. I don't even have,
maybe four entries I have on it. 
That's it.
Entry number one, 
buy yourself a bucket.
(audience laughing)
You don't have a bucket.
(audience laughing)
Entry number two,
don't kick that bucket.
(audience laughing)
Number three, I have four children,
four and I've never had a baby shower.
- [Audience] What?
- I know.
(audience laughing)
Never had a baby shower. 
So I'm going to have one now.
And you are all invited to bring things
that my grown kids need. Thank you.
(audience clapping)
(audience laughing)
And this is the big one, 
don't judge me.
But while I'm alive and well 
and feeling this good,
I would like to throw myself a funeral.
(audience laughing)
Yeah. I want to see who comes.
(audience laughing)
And whoever doesn't show up, 
guess what?
They better not die. 
I'm not coming to yours either.
(audience laughing)
But I want to do this.
Like it's your last party?
And I just don't like the things
that go on at funerals, you know?
So I want to do it now and
make sure they do it right?
Like, don't be saying
I'm going home to rest.
I hate when they say that at funerals
and then they dress you like
you're going to a party.
(audience laughing)
So now I'm going to be there sleeping,
dressed like I'm going to a party
and people are going
to walk by and go,
"Oh, she looks just like herself." No.
(audience laughing)
Put me in my pajamas.
(audience laughing)
Turn me on my side, 
put a pillow under my arm and head.
(audience laughing)
Now you can say, 
she looks just like herself.
Now you can say that.
hey what's up i'm dave chappelle
that's maya the giorgio this is a sinbad
let me tell you
my girl maya the georgios she is funny i
mean really funny this girl right here
is certified funny
she's fantastic give her all your love
man i love her to death
from manhattan maya ladies and gentlemen
how are you feeling being off the road
is this a good time for you
i think it's no different than athletes
whenever when nba said we're going to be
in the bubble we're going to go play
um at first it was real strange at first
it was like i mean
well first i took it as well i can get a
rest i've been i've never stopped going
since 83.
you know what happens my whole fit
theory of life is
what if this is good as it gets
everybody's waiting for the next thing
what if it what the next thing doesn't
come
what if this is as good as it gets what
if this what do i do with it
now what do we do with it what it's like
wow my career is messed up okay
what if no one's going to give you a
deal what if no one
is going to hire you what do i do
you got to take charge were you did you
always want to be a comedian
was there something else you did first
as a kid
i want to be everything i want to be a
boxer i want to be married andretti i
want to be a pro basketball player
i want to be a a walk on the moon i want
to be buzz aldrin
i want to be uh i wanted to be
everything i had no limits i didn't know
because in the 60s and 70s went on hbo
do my imagination
was like some cartoon but we but i'm
gonna have a house with a swimming pool
that i get out of bed i jump in my
swimming pool and i swim downstairs
and i get something to eat my brother
you stole my idea i might have swimming
pool you can swim in from upstairs okay
i just have my swimming pool downstairs
your swim pool go upstairs but my
swimming pool be downstairs
so you know we we would fight about a
dream
i fought my brother because he was going
by the same corvette as me i'm 13.
it was six of us four boys so it was my
father was always positive my father was
my
chili my mother and my father because i
i sucked at sports
i was always late growing into something
it was always a little bit behind
he's like man your time's gonna come i
always tell people
when he told me your your gift is
persistence and i was like what the
what kind of superpower who is who is
persistent man
he just gets beat down and beat down
then one day he just stayed
persistent man just never gave up and he
won because everybody else got tired
but as i got older and i read all the
positive thinking books i said
wow that is the gift the one who can
stay the course
who's the one that can stay the course
when everybody's laughing at him who's
the one that can stay the course when
nobody believes in myself you can after
a while you don't hear the noise anymore
you can't afford the luxury of a
negative theft because the negative
thought will overtake
see people say light overcomes darkness
no all you need is just a little bit of
darkness
and you can jack up all the light in the
room you ever been in a conversation
and and working on the idea of maya and
somebody comes in now don't forget the
money for that ever goes like
yeah you're probably right because one
person can kill
everybody's spirit one person can
destroy a group of 30.
yeah now i've experienced that and in in
uh this business completely and when
i've really
been uh to now keep uh positive people
in my camp
and yeah the thought especially the new
thought of it of a new idea
um that you have to you have to shield
that and and
and you have to be very cautious of uh
being able to read people's energy
uh you know switching on you you know
so um were you originally a californian
did you were you out here
born and raised in michigan i'm kind of
shamed now with all the stupidness going
on in michigan
marching on the capitol with guns we
have michigan people with confederate
flags are you dummy
a confederate flag are you dumb
we're not even in the south stupid south
michigan
southern michigan that were you from so
i'm like
but we're you were in the military with
is that how you left missions
by joining terry and i went to college
first i went to university of denver to
play basketball
so i was first college first uh dropped
out
with my grand throw my books up in the
air my senior year and said
i'm out but i know where to go so i i i
made this move but once you make the
move in front of everybody i'm like i
should have made the move when i had a
place to go
so i there was a place on campus called
the black house another black student
union yes i knew
i knew where the key was okay oh so i
moved into the black house
because i had to get all my stuff out
the door and they put me on the dorm so
i had i found this little
big old piece of plywood some wheels on
it i put all the stuff on it and i had
it around my back
and i pulled the stuff down the alley to
the black house
so i get to the black house and i'm
hiding out in the black house trying to
figure out
man i'm gonna keep working out i'm gonna
play pro basketball overseas i'm
because every overseas team could take
two guys there was a place called the
surrey privates out of london i said i'm
gonna play with them i
met the uh the uh the scout summer
workout but my knee my knee was almost
shot then
and i was in denial like a mother but
i'm like i'm gonna play overseas and i
got somebody look at me
and my boy i'm not gonna drop his name
because that's my boy
man he went to try out for the the
dallas cowboys
he's a basketball player just cut up
well
he didn't make it out he comes back he's
in the black house with me i'm like
what's up man yeah man i think i'm gonna
do like you just hang here
i said no man this works because i'm
here by myself i know how to do this
this i know how to keep the lights out
we got busted okay because the guy that
ran the black house came in
have you been staying here i said man
can i just talk to you black man
black man the black house should we have
black people man he calls secure
plus he never liked me anyway i used to
mess with him so i earned
i take i'll take the hit for everything
i earn i take the hit for everything
and my anger and my craziness and my
young in my youth
i take a hit for all that and um
it's almost like god put all these
obstacles i said what
i said what so now i'm furious right so
i figured no no
i'll play with the holland globetrotters
look i'm a good ballplayer but ain't
nobody funnier than me
ain't nobody funny than me so i wrote a
letter to them
i was the next melody lemon i could play
basketball and they said well you know
we need guys who'd go to prologue that's
me
that's me they called
my coach mike good y'all said your name
they called my coach uh mike good and uh
man tell him i was uh they told me i was
a drug addict
what yeah he got me
i never got high never drank got me
wow got me next i know they weren't
talking to me anymore because they were
really
high on me and then that's when i just i
lost my mind i got
angry i got anger i got angry
i bought a five pound bag of sugar i
said i gotta go home
i fought a five pound bag of sugar and
dumped it in the in the gas tank of his
volkswagen
yeah that was me so now you know who did
it so yeah
put a five-pound bag of sugar in this
car wow confessions from sinbad yes
yes yes so then from
so then where did you where did you go
from there like how i suppose
i supposed to go to boise idaho to get
my brother's car okay
and driving back driving back to
michigan i catch a bus from denver to
boise and my dad's like this
what are you doing i said i don't know
i'll figure it out
i get my brother's car and get in the
car accident
within the first four blocks
i get in the car crash when i go out to
crown boise i'll just wipe him out
he did it i'll stand here as a witness i
said i'm not going nowhere what'd you
say i said you know i'm that kind of
brother
that will go to prison today say
something else to me so they all
gathered around me
but i don't know why the police officer
showed up said what happened so i got a
car accident i hit this cat i
i missed the light he says he goes i
don't need to arrest you standing around
oh we thought he was going to run i said
he's like yeah you can stop me and so
you're 95 years old how you going to
stop me from running
so i'm going off on this old guy and
i'll never forget this cop mates oh
maybe only five you know five years
younger when you're young it seems like
a lot he goes look man
your mouth can either get you in trouble
out of trouble
you seem to have the gift of gab
that's and i and i calm down because i
calm down
i say yeah man i said he don't live long
anyway he goes see there you go
see he said there you go i said he gonna
live long anyway so he might die before
we get out of this conversation
and okay what'd you say i said and he's
deaf too so i can say anything
so he says hey man we'll get your car
towed somewhere
so i had to catch a bus so i rode a bus
from
boise idaho all the way back to michigan
gave me time to think and
kind of get my head together so i get
home i get home to michigan
and uh i don't take a shower two weeks
three weeks i'm staying in the basement
of my parents house and i saw forget the
man
i don't care i don't care i ain't doing
nothing i'm becoming a gangster
that's about the intelligence case yeah
i'm gonna do something
and so my dad came down the basement i
thought we about to go at it you know
and he messed me up he gave me that
responsibility speech he said look here
man
let's blame everybody for everything i
have in your life let's blame them all
if you fail from this point forward
that's your fault and they win
and your college coach wins and they all
win
because they don't care if you fail in
fact they see you as a failure i was
like
he went upstairs and so i ended up in
the air force
and got kicked out the air force but it
was air force talent show
the air force talent show changed my
life
really changed my life tops in blue they
actually if you look them up they
performed at
super bowls they performed for kings
thompson blue was a performing arts
branch
of the military you were a jumpsuit and
a dicky oh come on man
women love that a flight suit with a
dickie come on
come on man you can't tell me nothing
did you wear one for the talent show
uh no for the talent show you had to win
to get to that so
i entered in the the mc category
and the comedy category i'm gonna win
both these categories double my chances
god sent people my way and and my boy
jim man jim was a guy
was was a staff sergeant man he might be
a tech sergeant
who is uh pat no pat tuttle
who gave me my first joke a joke i mean
written out joke
he's close with this joke man he had a
thousand close with this joke man
this joker killed for you that's all
right man so i'm
memorizing the joke i got stuff written
on paper
here comes the comedy category i didn't
know how to do stand up
so i created a character remember the
group devo
i painted my face silver i had a mixing
bowl over my head that i
spray painted i had a jumpsuit on so i
looked like one of the people from devo
i had a microphone that ran up under my
jumpsuit i was tech back then
you can't tell me nothing i went out
there and started talking
100 miles an hour while
devo was playing and the longer i went i
said god please let this stop
please let this stop please god please
make me disappear
god please turn the lights out in this
building so i can leave
so
so salem said
well we know we didn't do well in the
comedy category did we
[Laughter]
i came in last place in the common
credit category and i was the only one
in it oh i didn't get enough points to
beat me
i didn't have enough points to go
forward and i was the only one in it
that's what mr judge they gave me
negative points that's so
crazy so now the last thing i do as i
get to emcee this
two mc's competing he did the first half
and mc brought me up
so he saw me about the mc man i hope you
do just what you did with comedy
i used to think he was funny man all
right i'm seeing
get my notes john said i'm saying man
let me see your notes
he ripped them all up and threw him in
the trash
i said what are you doing he says simba
you know you sit around and talk crazy
with us i just want you to talk crazy
for the next hour
that's what do you mean he said man talk
about that thing that happened on base
today
i walked out introduced the category and
i did little stories
made up stories in between and then
people said they won't give me stories
oh shimmy can you do something like this
i would go out and just do these little
stories
and then i ended with the joke
from pat tullo i got a stand ovation
from my officers that hated me
people forgot for a second that they
hated me and i
got a standing ovation and that's where
my comment that's from my style
my style came from that emcee category
where he took my notes and threw them
away and
i became that dude i went to i went to
command level once i get there
we performed i was the only one for my
base to win i i
got perfect scores wow so now i'm going
to boxdale air force base down louisiana
outside new orleans they had to um
put us together you know to room with
different people bobby man
and i think bobby passed away bobby was
a dancer this sport this boy could
go about six for gold but he was gay
and none of the soldiers won the room
with him when he danced with two other
girls i'm like
he's gay he don't want them i can have
them to myself
so i said i'll room with you so man
i'm rooming with him we're talking man
me and him are friends
i'm i'm talking to the girls the dance
and then i said look man i got to do
something different
so will it willie the wiz what have
always he always won all the mc
categories he always won every year
they said man you're gonna be willing
willie's will he's legendary okay
well will it say man you gotta have a
costume man you gotta find your thing
somebody your name is sinbad
so we we went to to uh new orleans and
willie had the willie to wear his head
like from the whiz he had like an outfit
like a genie the wiz i said
oh ooh oh i said i'm gonna do that it
was a playboy buddy costume
he said no man no you can't do that i
said
yeah i'm gonna do playful bunny costume
goes
you know i've seen brought you here bro
bro what are you doing i shouldn't
brought you here
we get back i turn on the costume in in
in my in my room
and bobby goes man your butt cheeks are
hanging out man
i said yeah this is a little tight he's
i got some tight chicken wear so he gave
me a pair of dance tights
to put under my playboy bunny outfit
so the night i'm supposed to host uh
they said man gonna wear that
everybody's in the audience like this
he's gonna put that playbook when they
costume on
jim is my man who is still my cat
jim was the guy who puts all the stuff
together and tours and make everybody
happy
but i'm standing there in the playboy
costume goes brother i don't think i
told you to put that on though did i
i said no willie said i needed the
outfit
and he says bro he said that to you to
make you lose i said
oh he wants me to lose
i thought willie was my friend
well i walked out there with that
playboy bunny costume and i talked about
what it was like to be the only male
playboy bunny working in chicago i
couldn't make no tips
and and the abuse i took as a male
playboy bunny
this is the first i just the first act i
did
name the hack yeah category did my
playboy point thing
named i came offstage and jim did this
he said can you do me a favor could you
put some clothes on now for the rest of
the show
so i took the outfit off yeah and put on
some clothes
great night i killed uh
the guy who runs it is is tom tom
edwards like this
little kid and i heard he was hard tom
more than last
look here man i've never done this i
don't care if you win this competition
not
i'm taking you i never i've been waiting
for a kid like you for a long time wow
how long was it was it for you when you
were doing comedy before
you booked a different world i started
comedy
83 maybe i got to l.a was that your
first
uh big appearance or did you have
started no i came
i came out when i first got out to la i
did star search yeah
that that was the thing that was the
thing that propelled me
and people recognized me and said oh i
like this i said i think i moved to la
now
that's wild so then so you went you you
did your star search
and and you came close i was in the
finals
i won like eight nine ten times maybe
eleven and then i
in the finals and i'm against john casir
you can never beat a sock puppet that
damn little [ __ ] oh my pretty oh
i lost it for about a month i can't i
carry
i've been took this dummy on the road
with me and a puppet no you know i was
sitting
or sitting on stage hey man how are you
doing
really man
i'm glad you lost that i'm glad you
shedded that you were talking we were
talking about a different world and how
did you land that would you you landed
that in new york did you come to me okay
different world different world is look
they're looking they're they're just
they're doing the spin off i'm like
i gotta be cars i got ah they're doing
this spin-off called different world
i tell my magic you can't you can't get
on that i said
okay they need a comic to warm up the
studio audience
so they were having auditions for
communities and women to the audience i
said
that's gonna be my way in i'm gonna be
so funny they're gonna put me on the
show
wow so i'm warming up the audience
and at the end of the second night man
i'm like this
if nothing else happened i met bill
cosby he grabs the mic from me and says
this man should be on tv and i was like
this
now you know you can put me on
he said boy he hand me the mic
i said cool well i didn't get my address
i didn't give nothing
i got a ticket to go do the cosby show
at my house two days later wow
i showed my wife i said i'm
doing the concept show i didn't get my
address i said that's kind of creepy
should i be scary
[Laughter]
yeah when hollywood calls they call yeah
that's how the world that's how that
world open up
now you definitely have been uh such a
great inspiration
and and um and a trailblazer
uh of for me it's like you're the
comedian who's been the most honest
and supportive of people that i've seen
and
not hating on people but just bringing
so much love to everybody that you meet
and inspiring them to keep fighting
forward so
i'm just so grateful for your time and
and and all that you do for
not only comedy but bringing people
together because you've you're also
taught me to be a better version of
myself on that mic
too so always push like i see my thing
is
push yes your reach always be longer
than your grasp
you're like did i leave some food on the
table did i leave some money on the
table
think about it comedy's like stripping
if i'd done one more twerk
because i made 20 more dollars
can i leave a twerk behind to leave did
i leave one twerk
that leave a twerk out
thank you so much again for your time
leave room for the magic i always say
and then when you put it all out there
if you
can conceive of doing it you didn't push
it far enough
you need something that's so big like
man i don't know how that's gonna happen
it's gotta be so big i'm gonna get this
already tell people i'm getting netflix
special have they called you no i don't
think they know me
and i'm on 15 million
i want 15 million i'm not going for less
i'm not doing less for whatever else is
doing
or it's going to come from somewhere
else i don't know where it's going to
come from
i don't know who is going to bring it to
me but someone is that's not my job
my job is to be ready
that's what an assassin does he sits
home he cleans his guns
he works out so when he gets the manila
envelope
okay time to go kill him
you can't be out of shape and get the
middle envelope oh man
i wasn't ready this week oh man i got no
bullets
ah i'm about to turn this job down my
family's calling me now to come into the
tv
all right thank you so much thank you
all right always having my back thank
you
but I bought a new house not long ago
and before I could move into the new
house had to sell my old house I have a
trouble selling the house and tell me if
you've heard of this someone told me
that if I would bury a statue of Saint
Joseph in the front yard the house would
sell okay you've heard of it I hadn't
heard of it but I would try anything so
I got a statue of Saint Joseph I buried
him in the front yard unbeknownst to me
my dog dug him up buried him in the
backyard
two days later a lady knocked on my door
I'm going to buy the doghouse and then I
finally get moved in and the first
problem I had to deal with was I had
this huge ant problem so cause pest
control gotta come out and I said I've
got a zillion ants he said that's not a
problem because all we have to do is
kill the queen and the workers commit
suicide
I sit in you know this because they
leave little notes
when they climb up on the roof while the
fire ants try to talk him down he said
he killed the Queen but I know he didn't
because I could still hear show tunes
coming from the colony and then I had a
tree blocking my views are back down in
my driveway so I'll call a guy to come
and cut the tree he cuts the tree and I
said what that's great but what about
the stop I'm sorry lady all I do is cut
the tree you want the stump removed
you'll need to call a stump guy
so I find a stub guy comes out and
removes the stump and now I have this
giant whole new yard so well aren't you
gonna fill in the hole no ma'am I'm just
stump guy you want the hole filled in
you'll need call landscape so I'll call
landscaper I said look I'm on my way out
of town just come in and make it look
good I get home he's planned a tree
this is my life it's a vicious cycle but
the worst part of being gone so much as
I miss my animals i-i've rescue animals
all the time I have four dogs and a cat
my friends call me the animal Avenger
because I'm always rescuing something
and they don't have to be cute
I hope possums cross the road every time
I see a herd of cattle I'll move to
India
but my kitty I rescued from a dumpster
brought him home named him sky but after
I had him for about six months I changed
his name to Ted Bundy he in the neighbor
cat John Wayne Gacy they go on these
killing sprees then they drag these
half-dead critters to my door and I have
to try and rescue them
we do know how hard it is to resuscitate
a mole come on breathe and it's not just
pets it's all animals I love and I
recently got to go on this
behind-the-scenes tour of our local zoo
and it was so cool because we got to get
up close and personal with the animals
and they brought out a little red panda
Crysta pet and legend has it that I
pushed down a little girl to get to the
Panda
which is completely false I did not push
down a little girl I just beat her to
the front of the line ference for it I
didn't push her I just warned not my
father she had a short lost ride
and then later they brought out of baby
fox and said does anybody want to hold
the Fox and that's when I pushed her
because I had to get to that song and I
could hear her crying she said mommy I
wanted to hold the Fox I said well now
here's a good chance for you to learn
that you don't always get what you want
it's a teaching opportunity and now I'll
go I had this wonderful experience I was
down in Miami and I swam with the
dolphins I was so cool well actually it
was only one dolphin and that was a
former dolphin
I had a similar experience with a saint
[Laughter]
some people just realize we're talking
football hey everybody I'm Karen Mills
thanks so much for watching my clip and
now you can watch my entire special for
only 99 cents if you'll just click here
you'll get this show in its entirety or
you can just watch more comedy clips
from me and my fellow comedians just
click here and there's more comedy to
come
um the other day I was outside of my
apartment and a woman was walking her
dog and I went oh my god he's so cute
and she goes it's a she I was like oh my
god I'm so sorry I forgot to look at
your dog's genitals like next time I'll
just oh she's cute she has a vagina so
she's cute anyway but yeah my friends
are awesome I have this one friend that
always groups me into her need to lose
weight she'll be like we really need to
lose weight like when did we let
ourselves go okay but like she's that
same friend who will try on a dress and
be like what do you think of it honestly
and I'll be like you look good you're
lying I'm like okay she's also the same
friend who doesn't listen when we're on
the phone like I'll be like my
grandmother died and the funerals gonna
be in next weekend and and she'll go YUM
I wasn't talking about food and that's
okay that's okay but I realized my
priorities in life the other day because
a friend of mine mentioned that Arby's
was the bottom rung of fast food and I
went no it's not
I was like they have curly fries like
like literally like on Fat Tuesday like
people were like we're gonna get
pancakes and I was like I'm gonna go to
Arby's I just sit in my car and I just
like eat by myself and it's great also
like I love Chili's I feel like I'm a
sponsored comic Chili's margaritas baby
back ribs but I love chili it's like
whenever I have a friend visit they're
like where should we go to eat I'm like
there's a Chili's and Sherman Oaks
[Laughter]
whatever you want to do
- yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll tell you what that was uh that was
when I first had kids so I had the two
boys and everybody asked me for a long
time what about a girl didn't she when
she had a girl what about a girl usually
she had a girl and for a long time I
wanted a girl but then I realized I was
really lucky I never had a daughter cuz
if I did she would always be younger
than me right like younger and prettier
under my roof who wants a woman that
pressure not me but I'm sure you look at
all the moms getting quiet now I love my
daughters I actually would love to have
a daughter I think having a like a
teenage daughter would be very helpful
right right yeah cuz they're stylish and
trendy and I could use a little help
sometime because sometimes I screw it up
like like like I I try to be hip and
cool like I got a belly ring but it's a
clip-on no and then I decided to get a
tattoo I knew that you would go older
well you guys are like no no no no no
but this was a good tattoo I I was
trying to be subtle it is the cutest
cluster of spider veins like right there
right oh man it looks so real it does it
looks really really real they did such a
good job that looks awesome anyway so 20
years in with my guy 20 years in we
still try to keep it good we try to keep
love alive but let's be honest things do
change and and like I said I love my guy
but I I'm gonna be honest I'm you guys
20 years ago you must relate to me right
right you love my man your man I hope
you don't love my man yeah you love your
man right but here's the thing is like
sometimes that do you guys have kids yes
life is busy right and sometimes you
have to try to fight wow you sound angry
but I relate I want you I want you we
can't do it all right and our husbands
always want us to be close and intimate
and I try but I'm gonna be honest I am
being I am making love to my husband
these days on birthdays and holidays
anybody else birthdays and holidays are
you with me I'm now on birthdays and
holidays
[Applause]
no you know what here's what it is I'm
doing birthdays and holidays and I don't
know about you but sometimes it feels
like the holidays are getting closer and
closer together right well you guys
lighten up this is jokes you guys are
like wow I feel sorry for her man yeah
birthdays and holidays and she's
complaining cuz the holidays but see I
do all it's like crowded and last year
was really like you said a little bit
more last year was a busy year of my
house because it was election year right
and yeah
my husband would come home Super Tuesday
[Applause]
you guys have to hurry up I only have
about 35 minutes so take that yeah super
toothy he does--he all he finally
figured out that he gets he gets a
little bit of action you know on a
holiday so all of a sudden he'd come
home bring me flowers I'm like one of
these four it's Groundhog's Day
I know in his favorite holiday is Black
History Month it's the whole month honey
this smart guy you know who messed up
the birthdays in holiday thing is dr. oz
do you guys watch dr. oz I love that
show dr. Oz says it's important to be
intimate with your spouse because you'll
live a longer healthier life right so I
thought to myself okay what the heck you
know I'll kick it up you know I've been
married a long time but I'll kick it up
to bimonthly right right instead of like
every you know every three months I'll
do bimonthly is that's not bad right
guys come on I was thinking listen I'm a
planner I'm a planner so I thought I
will put him on the same schedule as my
housekeeper every other Thursday that
way I'll never forget I'll remember
every other Thursday it'll be so good
that'll be perfect and then what I'm
really you know it's like whatever
that's a joke I can't say in this town
anyway so here's the deal I want to
finish this up with dr. oz it turns out
that every other every other week is not
good enough he said he has to be
intimate three to four times a week
[Applause]
seriously you guys are awesome oh my god
when I heard three to four times a week
I thought to myself I'd rather eat a
bowl of Brussels sprouts
that'll help me live longer subscribe to
drive our comedy for even more of the
world's largest collection of clean
comedy
I'm not a good recipient of the sexy
whisper you know if a guy's like what
[Laughter]
say it again babe
bad posture I recently did a corporate
event I know right and this woman came
up to me afterwards and she was like oh
my god she's like uh if I was a lesbian
you would so be my height she's like oh
sorry sorry I've had a wine Oh wine
[ __ ] you're a lesbian so um
I don't know if you're familiar but
pornhub has a category called pornhub
for women okay familiar that's my girl
and I wanted to be like offended by it
right and then I was like I went on it I
watched a film and then afterwards
afterwards it went straight into an
interview with the actress like I've
been sitting with clothes on talking not
like porno for women you can get it
[Applause]
[Music]
because usually when you date a girl
she's chill till you [ __ ] her oh it's
happened to you recently he's like I
just got rid of a clinger I can help you
I can save you okay this is gonna save a
life because I finally figured it out it
took me five years [ __ ] jokes this is
like a PSA okay because a lot of guys
think it's the sex they think it's your
like dick cuz you'll go out with your
friends and we start sending you 4050
texts whatever don't count and you guys
are like I don't know I [ __ ] her once
now she won't stop texting me
I think I'd dignitize her sticked her
down
so good I'm telling you guys it's not
the dick great dick is great but it's
the after dick it's the cuddling why do
you guys fake cuddle like we fake
orgasms you [ __ ] fake cuddle knock that
[ __ ] off it's [ __ ] up our heads okay
why do [ __ ] go crazy cuz you hold us
all night then we blow up your phone and
you don't answer if we blow up your car
that's on you
sorry
we don't want to write no girl wants to
know ones like I want to ruin a guy's
life no but we catch feelings when you
cuddle us we can't help it and so you
guys know I'm not mad at you
the guys look scared it's not your fault
I used to think it was your fault it's
not you know why they don't feel what we
feel because they are asleep that's the
truth
they calm their dick and brain explode
together
it's just brain dead only reason they
wake up is if they get horny again like
their dick wakes them back up somehow
otherwise they're knocked out but guys
just so you know women don't sleep not
really not for months every girl here
knows the beginning is when we trick you
guys into thinking we're perfect so we
can't fart
we can't drool I won't let my face touch
the pillow like you can't no I wear
makeup like I will walk to McDonald's to
[ __ ] for a year every girl will leave
your house no one shits in your house
think about it you've never seen a girl
[ __ ] in your house the first year no we
leave and then you guys think we're so
sweet you're like oh my god this one
brings me coffee every morning yeah we
have to
true you can't come back with nothing
right what are we gonna tell you sorry
went to Chevron had to [ __ ]
[Music]
there's a here scene like an empty
storefront you can't tell what it is
like it's called like the vineyard or
family victory or the rock there's a new
building my house called a rock you guys
some hand out some flyers outside you
coming on down to the rock this weekend
we got live music food drinks do for the
kids
oh that sounds like church no it's a
Teen Center where's the community-based
health initiatives and a pregnancy get a
yeah it's Church I wouldn't get mad but
they have tried to trick me want to come
to a show it's clean Joe sure where's it
at cool new coffee shop oh yeah what's a
call crossroads
oh stop lurking behind your Jimi Hendrix
font if they want to get the numbers in
and do the switcheroo just call
something everybody wants to go to you
coop it on down to sex hole yes
you didn't have to advertise sex hole
everybody wants to go to sex hole
what what's going on inside we're gonna
come on in to find out oh that sounds
like church
yeah I'm Heather and I am technically a
millennial I'm on that weird class
depending on your source either a
millennial or a normal so I try to do
things at my millennial brethren or up
to like I'm on that millennial diet
which means I only eat food that other
people pay for Millennials love hash
tags hash tag me too I recently read
that Millennials are turning to anal sex
at increasing rates
looks like I'm an animal my mom still
lives in Texas but I talk to her every
day and a couple years ago she was
telling me about her friend Jack and his
wife Rebecca and then a couple months
later she was like Kate really needs to
lose that weight and it's a mom who are
you talking about and she said on my
program so I had a binge watch this is
us to catch up on my mom's new friends
my roommate walked in heard the music
and said that's the most depressing show
ever right my mom made me but watch Game
of Thrones as well which was much easier
I just walked around for a month after
suspicious of everyone around me I was
talking to my mom about the whole incest
 and she defended her buddies by
saying like well you know back in that
day they'd sleep with their family
members to keep the bloodlines pure back
in what day you know Game of Thrones
isn't a documentary
super stoked about her take on The
Handmaid's Tale
[Music]
I need to go see a psychic for my love
life that's what I need to do you know
my roommate is psychic she came up to me
she's like this girl Sarah is blowing
your ex I was like oh my god you see
that she's like no I had drinks with her
yesterday and she told me my mom thinks
she's psychic which she's not she's a
bikini waxer but legit
she thinks she's psychic when it comes
to my love life she's like send me photo
of the guy you're dating and from his
eyes I can tell he's the one for you I'm
like I don't want to do it I send it to
her she goes Wow loser she doesn't like
any of the guys photos I sent her so I'm
just trying to throw her off her game
so I've been sending her mug shots of
God just straight up and she's like oh I
like him he has kind eyes yeah mom well
his kind eyes are doing life in prison
for murder she's both from his eyes he's
innocent you know my parents actually
just moved to Vegas they've been here
for one year twice they've seen alien
spaceships in the air two times both
times my dad was like I wish they took
your mom I just know we emigrated from
Iran and when we immigrated my mom lost
my birth certificate
straight up opium she lost it I don't
even know how old I am no idea which is
great when I'm on a date obviously
because the guys like us so how old are
you and I'm just like yes
no really guess I really I don't know
but I asked my mom I was like mom when's
my birthday she's like
it's was snowing some like anywhere
between like 25 and it was snowing okay
I don't even know how old I am feel like
I don't even look like my parents I feel
like I'm the Khloe Kardashian of the
family Thank You Khloe k fans I like
that
got a cardi B sound up in there okay
okay I feel like I'm the Khloe K of the
family like my mom is like this short my
dad looks like a gay Pablo Escobar and I
just looked like the love child of
Michael Jackson and Cher just you
laughed too hard okay she totally does
all right yeah yeah I get that all the
time like you look like Cher I'm like
would share with chaeryoung cher old
shared rag share pick a share right I
think God you look like a Persian cher I
get that you look like a Persian Cher
I'm like that's not true
Persians don't share
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what's Papa yeah like we don't know that
[ __ ] it's Coco I don't know y'all
[ __ ] even something salt let sorry I'm
fresh back from New York so I'm I'm a
little disrespectful
it's all good cuz like in New York you
know it's just a little bit different my
friend you know in New York you know
dudes when I get your number they're
gonna be politely rude they're just
gonna come our team back excuse me
sweetheart are we [ __ ] or not no [ __ ]
outta here [ __ ] excuse me man
I'm [ __ ] or not I like that right he's
honest he's quick he's persistent gives
compliments your business trippin yeah
it's red but y'all know what y'all want
I don't know what y'all want y'all
better not late too long that's what it
is that's cool that's different so you
don't even know search it is different
out here in LA like I get it as fashion
but like too many dudes be having all
these rips in a Jesus [ __ ] and I got
rips in my jeans and like you want to
borrow my lotion now [ __ ] outta here
bruh that's just that's not masculine
I'm sorry like there's nothing masculine
about you strolling along and your
fabric is just blowing in the wind
brother like fake-ass Fabio [ __ ] out of
here fashion over man got y'all [ __ ]
up that's what it is
now I'm gonna wear leopard print jeans
too with this [ __ ] outta air like wake
up in the morning next to Nelly put his
on like uh-uh uh-uh give me the give it
a mediums baby you take the smalls the
smalls of yours you ever seem to do with
like rips in his jeans get into a fight
nope don't even look right alright my ex
got into a fight and then she came up
but she was like girl which one is yours
I look like the one just like me [ __ ]
so I would go twin let's go twin that
ain't right
that ain't right I'm stuck I'm stuck I'm
stuck would be nice ever be nice
psych so look here right like since I'm
single as [ __ ] like you know you've got
to set like boundaries and stuff right
like I'm not like down with the hug
hello now not the hug hello is like I
cool I like the hug hello but just from
ugly dudes stop hugging me stop next I'm
sorry let's just be real like just be
real like like every time I let me do
hugs you lose three years of your life
man I was 21 when I got here like I hug
poor ugly [ __ ] on the way and I
was like I'm a dad before I get to the
stage it's not cool you ever see two
ugly dudes hug no they cancel each other
out like Infinity Ward I should like
[Laughter]
[Music]
keep it real up here how you doing cool
no question I get asked is uh I look you
look like a deer in headlights honey I
know you got blonde hair and light eyes
but it's okay
it's alright you like Nutella I do two
basic [ __ ] for life [ __ ] yeah man
I'll drink it caramel macchiato
Frappuccino straighten up dude that
shit's delicious are you trying to get
money why what'd you do
yeah I know honey
she can't walk down the Starbucks to get
you a Frappuccino trying to give her an
extra tip so sure there's a coffee bean
down there another question I got oh my
gosh you're great just keep laughing
like that I'll work around it
I don't need to tell jokes at this point
I'll just you could be the punchline for
the rest of the way
another question I get asked is what
kind of porn I watch like guys will just
add something out you watch lesbian porn
like you mean the two straight girls
that are faking it yeah no I watch gay
porn that's right yeah two dudes oh it
just got real quiet in here yeah not
some attracted them or anything but
because I'm a FEMINIST and every now and
then I like to see a couple guys go [ __ ]
themselves mistaking a porn because I am
apartment hunting my last apartment had
a paper-thin walls I could hear
everything going on in my neighbor's
place and one night I was I was laying
in bed which was pushed all the way up
against the wall and I was watching porn
gay porn and then I heard my neighbors
just like going at it guy and a girl
just like oh yeah oh [ __ ] I'm pressing
new
so I'm watching you know that day but
I'm here the real thing and then she
starts banging on the wall later that
week I saw my neighbor outside the
complex and he was like a weird question
ugh can you like hear me having sex and
I was like nah
later that night he sneeze I sent him a
text message saying god bless you
[Music]
I went on a camping trip with ten black
lesbians now look I know that sounds
like that's the joke but it's not so we
were getting ready to go and my
girlfriend at the time was like you know
oh it's just in Mount Shasta it's like
you know three hours away first of all
that's just like nine hours away okay
and so when we get there she's like lo
try not to be like time-sensitive this
weekend time-sensitive means that I'm
just aware of the time you know what I
mean like but she calls it
time-sensitive don't be time-sensitive
okay let's do this camping thing we're
gonna do this you know so 10 black
lesbians and we go to sleep at 9 we wake
up the next morning and I was like you
know what it's really lovely out here
this is really refreshing so but they're
ten of us which is a lot of food to cook
so my friend Nina is out there and she's
got like you know scrambled eggs for
10:00 and I'm over here and I've got
like you know pot of grits for ten and
we're stirring and I was like does this
seem a little bit slavey to you I mean
just like a tiny bit but she was like oh
my god yeah right I was like right
[Laughter]
there were all these bees flying around
us you know and I turned to her and I
was like these bees all is bad today huh
and she was like oh I see no now you
taking it too far you see you took it
too far and I was like sorry that's my
bad I always just go like a little too
far there's very hard to get us to be
able to like leave anywhere on time you
know like we'd rented a boat to go out
that day and it was like okay we're
gonna leave at 12 o'clock you know so at
12 o'clock I'm like but you know Ted
time sensitive so uh ten black lesbians
just like everybody was trying to manage
everything
you know just lesbian management you
know it's like done with the tofu and
with the meat don't put the tofu in them
where's the life vest for the dogs
somebody had to go back for a cowboy hat
that was me but what I'm saying is he's
very difficult to get us to leave on
time I don't know how Harriet Tubman did
it I know she must have been time
sensitive she's probably probably time
today
[Applause]
[Music]
I was just in Wyoming if you guys get a
chance to go to Wyoming be very careful
driving I couldn't even see across the
street because the air was so thick with
boredom
I stayed in a horrible hotel my dog
jumped off the bed and rubbed his butt
on the rug and all I could think was now
I gotta wash his butt my god they had
like five religious channels on the
cable TV there I didn't I didn't know
what they were so woman comes out
reading off sins I thought they were
things to do in town
I was like wow the community update is
very thorough on this channel and then I
was in I was in Elko Nevada if you get a
chance to go to Elko Nevada pass that up
I'll tell you that's a crazy place I met
a woman she said she moved there from
Montana
I said why she said the Lord sent me I
said have you been outside the Lord has
never been here you must be the scout
and then I was in Reno Nevada berry
exciting when I was in Reno the police
went on the news they were looking for a
woman who had stolen a baby out of the
hospital and they described her as being
over 400 pounds and wearing a hot pink
stretch pants
and immediately my heart went out to the
pants and then I got thinking maybe
she's a criminal genius 400 pounds and
hot pink stretch pants who notice a baby
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that's a smart lady man all criminals
are not that smart I heard about this
guy in LA got in a car accident hit a
cop car and then fled on foot and got
hit by a train I know I thought dude how
bad are your observational skills you
know even Stevie Wonder would have
missed the Train
[Laughter]
and then I thought the funniest thing
was you know after he hit that cop car
he had to be thinking to himself man
that's the worst thing that could have
happened to me today
Wow I stand corrected
we're very hard on criminals in
California we have the death penalty you
guys have that do you yeah good you
should it's a lot of fun no not at your
house sir that's we have that and you
know uh whenever I talk about the death
penalty people always come up to me and
they say well could you pull the lever
and I always say yes
but I don't think they'll give that job
to a comedian
I think they know a comedian have too
much fun with us you know we'd be
standing there going hey your hair looks
great is that the governor side
I love traveling because it always
reminds me honestly that like I love
working with guys because you can fill
your spare time with anything and women
need a lot of [ __ ] going on to keep
ourselves occupied guys you like to play
that game what would you do for a
million dollars I just spent ten days
with like five guys you guys can play
that all day what would you do for a
million dollars what would you do for a
million dollars that game should
actually just be called how much money
would it take me to be gay right cuz
does that game always start out one way
but it [ __ ] ends like a totally
different way I can always start selling
something like hey dude would you shave
your head for a million dollars but it
ends with would you blow Steve for a
million dollars it's like you're testing
your friends to see how much money it
would take and you guys all know you had
that one guy friend that would do it for
a lot [ __ ] less than he should and
it's awkward right he comes flying out
of the corner so like dude up those
stupid ten thousand dollars that's a lot
of money where the [ __ ] is Steve
somebody calling him or what are we
doing we're getting him to Steve coming
over he's coming over right ladies don't
play that game right ladies we don't
play that game you can't be like hey
Joanie would you go down on Sidney for a
million dollars I'd like uh I did it for
a shot of tequila what's the game I
don't get it I feel like when you're
young you think you're invincible you do
you're like I can eat that I can drink
that I'll stick that in my mouth STDs
are an urban legend blah blah blah then
when you get older you think everything
is going to kill you mark my words I
think everything is going to kill me
like Georgia the shooting pain in your
heart when you breathe in that weird
random stabbing pain when you breathe in
but you keep breathing cuz you think
[ __ ] it if I'm gonna go out of my god
fighting and then you fought and it's
gone what the [ __ ] is that but why do we
have gas in our hearts people why is
that even a thing why is it even there
and you don't want a fart cuz god forbid
you do four and you have a heart attack
that's a horrible way to go oh my god
nobody wants to go right now right now
she had Mexican food last night and
farted lower heart right out
now I told her girls aren't supposed to
fart in public she did it anyway and had
a fart attack that's what she had dirty
girl
now everyone everyone would always ask
my parents what was it like raising ten
kids and they always said there was so
many stories that they could choose from
like one time I got together with all my
brothers and we pooled our money and we
ordered a monkey out of the back of a
magazine okay apparently not that
uncommon in Provo I will always remember
the date August 22nd my dad was sitting
on the front porch UPS truck pulled into
the driveway driver got out with the
small box walked up to my dad and said
sir
where's the monkey that you ordered my
dad looked at my mom and said Joanne
line him up but this story they said
best epitomize what it was like raising
ten kids was this one my dad was sitting
at the kitchen table we had recently
seen the movie Mary Poppins my dad is
sitting at the kitchen table looking out
the window he sees going by the window
holding an umbrella my brother Jeff and
he hit the ground hard
my dad said if it had ended there he
could understand but then I went by the
window Terrell went by the window and
then Kyle went by the window and he did
not even have an umbrella my dad came
outside and looked at all of us laying
on the ground and he said now when you
three saw your brother Jeff fail the
umbrella did not work why did you still
jump to which I reply what we did we
didn't think he did it right
[Laughter]
and then you know how sometimes parents
get sucked into kid logic too much
because then my dad actually out there
Kyle and you did not even have an
umbrella
- which Kyle snapback yeah like it
helped out
if you want to watch the rest of my
special click here if you want to watch
other clips click here just click it
trust me
click it click it click it click click
it you you won't regret it
trust me click it
I'm not worried about North Korea you
wanna know why because I use throwing a
Hyundai that's why that's right there's
no way their missiles will make it over
here man I'm halfway through the check
in July don't come on that thing goes
too hard dripping oil my dad says he
pulled to the left that the worst is
gonna hit Canada and I don't care about
Canada have you been there they're
insignificant in their diet coke tastes
funky you ever had a diet coke in Canada
it tastes like Sam's choice what
happened when you go over the border
nothing what whopper doesn't even taste
right in Canada you got to make the
money got to do your thing man you gotta
make ends meet that's what I do man I
work hard man if you ever low on dough
do what I did man sell peep holes man I
should sell peep holes door-to-door I
know there's a lot of door-to-door
salesmen around here sell peep holes
door-to-door it's my game man you're low
on scratch go to Lowe's grab yourself a
dozen peepholes give yourself a drill
this is get out there and earn some
dough baby
I used to take my car door alarm Oh
would you like to play porn star I'm not
interested well you know if you had a
people or you know not to answer the
door
[Applause]
the mid $25 I'm moving home my worst
thing that happened to me one time I was
going to a neighborhood everyone had a
lot of money so I was in there too doing
the peephole sales door-to-door guy they
had a big ol wood door like a big old
double wood door this lady was there I
said would you like people yeah
absolutely she was nice she liked me up
smooth charismatic I see where would you
like the people ways like would you like
to it doesn't matter right here I'll
take it right of great so she left I
took the drill
put it on the door I was out of there in
no time ladies and gentlemen I'm not
saying it was the right thing to do I'm
just saying that's what I did I love
football that's my favorite thing
BYU's got a great team they're awesome
[Applause]
[Music]
well I went to BYU semester that's where
I went one semester baby then suddenly I
ended up in Ecuador I don't know what
happened
that's two years of my life so I've been
told I I came back with bat Spanish and
irritable bowel syndrome it worked out
great
[Laughter]
tough schedule though last year did you
see the schedule last year Ptah who else
Michigan State stevens-henager college
Utah College of Massage Therapy that is
a schedule subscribe to drive our comedy
for even more of the world's largest
collection of clean comedy
but you know what I'm grateful I have an
awesome family I have an interesting
mama though my mama is something I'm
sure some of y'all might be able to
attest to this with your mom she just
called you and she won't [ __ ] anybody
had that was she called hang up call
hang up call hang up and then leave a
message there don't make no sense it's a
real message my mother left on my phone
hello
chance hello is she there old people
think the beep is you hello
chance listen I think the girl
downstairs making meth in the basement
nobody making meth in your basement they
selling weed she was off my mom those
two people too and he are experiencing
in your experience on your mom's two
people she went with me to my
parent-teacher conference she was the
whitest black woman your vicinity all
right
[Applause]
hey baby
soon she got me home she choked me the
[ __ ] out don't you ever don't like to
let teachers nothing about what I do in
my house
chastity stop closing your eyes like you
passing out
I'm not talking you all the way Bob
embarrass me so frequently so often my
first holiday would hurry my dad I meet
my dad so I'm 18 got cooler than the
word come in hey hey hey hey he poked at
my mom he hates and that's how you doing
she's a hey wait tell me his punk ass
was coming I hate it though it says why
you tell me
[ __ ] I hate him it don't look
like you do I think you're giving him
something
[Music]
I'm half-jewish chef regular and I'm not
technically a Jew because my mom is
Christian and sexually attractive so but
but my dad is so Jewish that I didn't go
to Hebrew school because he didn't want
to pay the Jews you have to pay to
belong to a temple and all my cousins on
my non-jews side like never wanted to
play the me and I was like you guys I
didn't choose to be Jewish okay I was
chosen it's like don't f with me uh and
my it's kind of creeping my dad's 15
years older than my mom but to be fair I
read it in GQ that men who marry younger
women tend to live longer and I told my
dad that and he said that that's their
punishment yeah and then he said if he
could go back in time you wouldn't need
a family he would just need a
wheelbarrow for all the money he'd still
have so happy loves us uh he's 68 and I
look like I'm 15 so when we're out in
the Midwest people usually think he's my
grandfather and then when we're out in
LA they think he's my boyfriend super
gross and people always think I'm a
teenager I'm like excuse me um do real
tears have mustaches no they don't
white guys are the worst because white
guys will get your phone number and then
they'll small talk text you which is the
most annoying thing on the whole
planet I gave you my phone number so
that you would call me like a grown up
not so that our first communication ever
after we meet is a text from you that
says how you doing I mean it's like 4:00
in the afternoon
let me just had a shitty day so like if
I really I really respond how I'm doing
and that's gonna be a paragraph and then
he's gonna think I'm crazy how are you
doing and then you go oh I know I used
texted me that because ladies whenever I
guys text you how you doing what he's
trying to say is hey I would really like
to have sex with you later but that has
earned four hours from them so that's
hoping we could open up the lines of
communication get some witty banter
going and maybe I can get a out
of that as long as I remember I got a
text you how you doing what he wants you
to respond is I'd be doing a lot better
if your was in my
so I'm not doing so good I'm doing
really bad I like this one too first
communication ever a text from you that
says what's up what's up Wow Walt
Whitman calm down your poetry is really
making me excited what's up your in
about 15 minutes
my favorite whenever the text me that
says hey hey Wow
captain effort calm down I mean this is
moving a little fast I don't know if I
can handle all this commitment at once
hey no punctuation you're crazy
hey hay is for horses video of a horse
 so again
oh man no I found this because I believe
in equality and I feel like I believe
women in the right direction you know
all I gave directions because I can't
cuz I'm a woman but I do things except
one
I won't fart in front of my boyfriend
you guys it's a horrible
I'd go with them for seven years and
I've been having some stomach issues
I went to the doctor they're like I'm so
sorry to tell you this Jay but you are a
100% forwards on the inside I know you
guys you're on dates and you're on what
it's like these and dips but come with
me okay you're in bed and you're by
yourself and your fart oh oh this is
that feel and it smells so bad but so
good oh you let it marinate you can
guilt under the covers for laughing and
tell this smell is too much for your
soul the best and sometimes it makes a
sound enjoy the best you could rinse and
repeat as many times as you want it's
your bubble it's your duvet cover you
live your truth you know but when you're
a girlfriend in a relationship you go
crazy you can't have that anymore you
have to trade that to the devil so you
can have validation like whenever I'm in
bed and I have to fart because I'm a
human being with intestines and feelings
they're weak I'm in bed and I have to
fart my brain panics because you want to
blame
so I roll up into a ball hoping the far
wing out behind my knee for a second
steady and that's what my boyfriend's
like baby okay I'm like I'm freezing and
I'm not cold you guys but I am shivering
because it's taking every muscle and
that's when he tries to sell me for my
heart and then I have to wait for him to
fall asleep mad at me so that I can
sneak into the bathroom of my own home
but I decorated myself with furniture I
[ __ ] found on the street and then I
have to hold on to something and let the
far now so slow not even enjoyable
anymore because it shouldn't even be
called the fart because that's too fun
aboard for what I'm doing just slowly
releasing a prisoner and then I crawl
back in bed really quiet you know
because I don't want to wake up the
prince he's so tired from all those
video games you be and then I crawl back
in bed and then he farts on me the rest
of the night wherever it is buffalo land
is where I feel the heat
we're a Philly entitlement and somehow
like that cute
[Music]
I'll give a [ __ ] though I do check this
despite everything I just said I have a
maid at my apartment now it's [ __ ]
crazy turns out anybody can have a maid
now if you have an iPhone there's this
app I downloaded it it's called Handy
right you don't get hand jobs from it
just I'm just going to say that up
thought so you just get that out of your
head it's just a app where you pay $50 a
month and once a month they send a maid
to come clean your place right normally
they send old Mexican lady she shows up
she does an amazing job she kills if she
gets behind the toilet right last month
they sent this 23 year old white guy
named Kyle
you look just like me I opened the door
and he's like who's up dude I'm Kyle
here the food price just [ __ ]
drinking a Slurpee and I'm like didn't
get the [ __ ] out of your town
[Music]
how did you [ __ ] up white privilege that
battle
um I'm not saying it's a good thing I'm
just saying it's a real thing and Kyle
[ __ ] it up
if you're a 23 year old white guy
working as a maid for a nap that means
you're a drug addict or a thief or both
okay I had to follow Kyle around the
entire two and a half hours to make sure
I didn't steal [ __ ] dude I can just
clean it myself
and worst part cows cows cleaning my
fridge right and he's like hey dude
you're gonna finish this last slice of
pizza like strike two Kyle
five minutes later right he's got his
[ __ ] headphones in he's sweeping he
dumps the mop water into the sink like a
goddamn animal right and then he goes to
me he's like dude you got to come check
out my band play on the sixteenth my
guard strike three get the [ __ ] out Kyle
you ginger [ __ ]
you guys married yes how long how long
were you dating before you got married
seven years oh wow you waited a long
time you had a lot of work to do huh men
are funny because I don't realize how
much work we put in to catch you I don't
think you think you caught us but we
plotted to catch you that's why we have
wedding parties it's kind of like it's
we all got together to catch you party
do you know nine years nine years really
dating seven she's trying to make it
shorter that means nine years because
what we do is to catch you we have to
wear shoes we can't even walk in trying
to look cute dude I'm saying I got
eyelashes done to catch a guy I got
eyelashes on top of my eyelashes I only
have peripheral vision we do a lot
because there's a woman you have to be
strong right to catch a man you need to
be strong yet feminine independent yet
meek sexy but not [ __ ] with a splash
of home
intelligent yet needing him for his
great wisdom what if he doesn't have any
then you got to fake like everything's
his ideas give him the answers you know
because it's not who we are but who we
can convince him we are and keep up the
lie for the rest of our lives until they
come back in five years and say you're
not the woman I fell in love with I was
never the woman you fell in love with
you're caught on time it lose the weight
and start over so it's a lot of work to
catch you guys I'm serious what women
don't like each other we don't we spot
each other from her look at her look at
what she's got on oh not you guys cuz
you're all perfect I know I have kind of
walked around Provo like oh my gosh
she's not even a pimple in this town
what are these people eating it's the
cold that's how cold it is it's called
white folks love cold right you guys
like the cold know you he's like she's
like no it's not at ten degrees it's
cold it's 40 degrees I'm walking and you
guys all still have your air
conditioners on
with us what I'm saying dating in
relationships there's Humbert
so for me I'm not sure how I'm supposed
to act you know I don't know who I'm
supposed to date falling in love is
really hard my Italian grandmother would
always say you cooking for your husband
you pinna for your husband you I'm his
clothes you ironed his socks my mother
was like don't do anything for any man
he's a grown man which screws me up cuz
I'll leave a man in a minute but I'll
pre plan his meals before I go I'm never
coming back does marinara sauce in the
freezer
lasagna the oven 375 my grandmother
wanted me to date an Italian boy you
know she was when she wanted me they
squiggly Gigliotti from across the
street you know like I'm not dating it
was 40 years old he lives at home with
his mother
she's like when you're Italian you're
supposed to live at home with your
mother did you get married then you
moved downstairs his brother owns a
classic dessert company we get free
cheesecake great you're selling me off
for cheesecake
thank you free cheesecake thank you
grandma
did you know that Drybar has his own app
you have to download this immediately so
you can watch my whole special
tell more about me I'm originally from a
state of Florida but you do that because
you hear the white trash in my voice I
mean I spent 29 years in Florida before
I moved out I was it was the summers
that's what killed me every year if
you've never been to Florida in the
summer it's like spending three months
inside someone's mouth it's hot and
sticky and dry oh my how am I gonna
thrive in I drove from east to west I
drove from Florida to California cloud
have you ever done that you hear all the
sad that clatter sounds cuz it's the
worst drive ever buta why cuz Texas
exists
that state is a thousand miles of suck
it's terrible and I'd like to remind you
about how far you are from nothing
I let Houston the next sign that I saw
was El Paso 5:46
are you kidding me won't even put that
just put what you honestly mean El Paso
tomorrow
New Mexico maybe if you take Texas off
the map it is 45 minutes from Florida to
California flat
and then I moved to LA and people were
passive-aggressively rude to me when
they found out Irish from Florida they
would form it in the firs of a question
to kind of get her Neath my skin like oh
you're from Florida what's that like
it's a peninsula what so I didn't grow
up in a trash fire girl sunshine but I'd
like ten people ask that same question I
had to do some self state reflection and
then I realized something about Florida
Florida is the dive bar of the United
States it's not borrowing you ride by
you leaning your buddy and go that's
where I get all my drugs the exact
moment you say that adieu stumbles out
of that bar with a gunshot wound
an alligator grabs them drags into a
Walmart where dude on bath salts kills
the alligator
[Applause]
that's where I'm from oh and to answer
your next question yes I have a gun but
it's on my ankle so we're all safe you
got to make me really mad to want to
start leaning towards that thing just
[Laughter]
[Music]
hey did you know drive our comedy has
its own app download it right now to
watch my whole comedy special
all right um I'm just gonna I'm gonna
[ __ ] I'm gonna come out and say it
all right I wanted to marry my mom when
I was a little kid big one she [ __ ]
led me on though you know she did she'd
always say things like I love you so
much you're the most beautiful girl in
the world I never knew love until I had
you saw sight oh my god she's [ __ ]
into me
she's about it and like when I was
little when I was little I didn't know a
lot about marriage but I did know that
when you love somebody you marry them
right so I was like all right [ __ ] I
gotta tell her that I want to marry her
too I got nervous I was like working up
to the day that I was gonna tell her and
I was like oh but what if she like
doesn't like what if she's not into me
what she doesn't want to marry me what
if dad finds out and he gets jealous the
possibilities are endless so one night
she's tuck me into bed I'm five years
old and I was like all right just
[ __ ] tell her how you feel tell her
she's tucking me in and I look up at her
and I was like mom mom I gotta tell you
that I love you so much I'm gonna marry
you one day she looked back at me and
said something that I will never forget
she took a long drag of her cigarette
she said marriage marriage is a scam I
don't know why I did it I don't know why
I married your father all he doesn't
smoke weed and go surfing I could have
lived in Paris I could have been a
writer but you know what I had a family
[Laughter]
how's that alright so that's not a no
[Laughter]
okay
[Music]
prior to moving to Los Angeles for the
longest time I was living with my best
friend and his husband yeah I said that
right out of [ __ ] that okay I know what
I saw on that house those two dudes a
lot of my straight friends act like we
can't be straight males in this world
and be best friends with gay gentlemen
so they say these things to me all the
time like Oh your roommate he's hitting
on your hyung he's taking swings at you
huh and every time I hear that I just
want to slap the [ __ ] out of him for
saying it because of course that
[ __ ] hitting on me come on now
all this sexual chocolate walking around
the house man 240 pounds of it okay yeah
man I go to the gay bars lit up - that's
just tight but like gay dudes literally
have the best pick-up lines and can hit
on you without you even knowing it man
we were chilling there right and almost
sudden this dude comes up to me grabs my
shoulder turns me into him is like why
are you yelling at me
[Applause]
and I looked at him like I didn't say
nothin to you sir no why are you yelling
and me I'll say I don't know if you got
me confused with some other big
chocolate hand in this club but I didn't
say [ __ ] to you and he replied with this
line he goes actually you weren't
yelling at me but those eyes are yo talk
about the sweetest [ __ ] I ever heard man
my eyes were yelling at him in a sexual
way I didn't know they [ __ ] could do
that that's tight man [ __ ] it tripped me
out because I'm supposed to wear glasses
but I don't because I'm rebellious as
[ __ ] so most of the time my face is like
this so in fact that he thought that was
sexy
man [ __ ] don't blasters I'll need those
damn thing guys let's watch
[Applause]
[Music]
and i was so excited because i'd always
wanted to go to hawaii
i've always been a little bit of a late
learner um it comes with the territory
uh i'm originally from south carolina oh
that dessert yeah thank you that
deserves my old response
that is fine when i was growing up south
carolina
was 49th in education
yeah we might have upgraded to 50th by
now
i haven't checked the stats mostly
because i don't know how
um i'm just saying
uh like for example i found out very
late in life
like very late that alaska
and hawaii were not next to each other
down here where they appeared to be at
the bottom of the map
yeah yeah nobody clarified that the map
ran out of space and someone just
slapped them down there
i thought that's where they lived i went
my merry little way
it was dumb as a clam until seven years
ago
i was hired by alaska airlines
yeah i was told i was going to be
stationed in anchorage alaska
and i was so excited because i'd always
wanted to go to hawaii
yeah i was like what island do you think
we'll be close to
turns out none of them
spoiler alert any other carolinians in
the room
i called my mom and i was like mom i got
the job and apparently our maps are no
good because alaska
in hawaii are not off the coast of
california yeah she was like did i
drop you
[Laughter]
bless your heart
some of y'all know that's another thing
y'all need to know about the south
if anybody from the south ever says you
bless your heart
they're not being nice to you
no they feel sorry for you but they
being nice about
it okay yeah
with people from my hometown first heard
that i moved out to california
and i got involved in things like
yoga they were like oh my word
she done gone to the dark side
that girl is probably stretching her
legs all over the place
bless her heart
one woman told me she put me on a prayer
chain
let me tell y'alls um i believe in
prayer but that is the last place you
want to be is on a southern woman's
prayer chain
so all that means is i don't tell
everybody your business
amen
yeah i love other women though
they're good women i love them my
favorite southern woman would have to be
my great-aunt jackie
and jackie is 98 years old and i'm sure
every family has some version of her she
is as old school southern as you can
get like when i first told her that i
wanted to be an
artist and i want to go to art school
she was like well darling why don't you
just get
married and then you could doodle all
day long
that's old school south right there
that's like i know you have dreams but
can't you get married first
for real one of my greatest joys in life
was actually calling her up about
three years ago i think and i told her
that i was officially a full-time artist
without the prospect of a man in sight
and
she about had a heart attack um it's
true that's actually what i
i do that's what i've done for the last
three years i'm a i'm a full-time artist
which also means thank you well
it also means i have four part-time jobs
so
four years of college i got a job for
each year
yeah i did not tell her that
bless her heart
[Applause]
i love that woman she was great though
she's 98.
um she currently lives in a memory care
center because she suffers from dementia
she is oddly sharp as a tech
when it's convenient which i think is
suspicious
i'm just saying so my mom and i we go to
visit her
last summer and the nurse takes this to
her room and she's like this is jackie's
new room isn't it so cozy and jackie
stops her and she says cozy
coz is just a polite word for small
i'm losing my mind not my sense of space
she was aware that she was unaware
i was like that's jedi right there
yeah i started calling her jedi jackie i
was like yeah
another jj so we're we're talking and um
my mom points out her chair and she's
like well jackie i love your chair is
that new sense last time
it is was very pretty where did you get
it
i don't know but i like it and someone
else is missing one
that's jedi making fears appear
whole time we're there i noticed this
old man walking around room to room and
he's chatting up all the older ladies i
was like hey jackie who's that guy
she said that's vern vern of course his
name was vern
yeah she said he's still a married man
he came here with his wife and it flirts
with all the other women
of course his wife can't keep track of
them because she can't remember she's
married to him
see that that's what the vowel should
say not till death do us pot
till memory do us thought
vern was having the time of his life
he was killing it i actually uh ran into
him in the cafeteria later and aunt
jackie saw us talking
and she rolls up in her little
wheelchair and she's like vern don't you
talk to her
you know she's too young for you and i
think she's related to me
yeah i was like that is love
i don't know you but i got you just in
case i know you
yeah all right
i don't normally tell people what they
should or shouldn't do or my therapist
says don't shut on people
but i will uh say if y'all have elderly
friends or family somewhere
you should call them you should go see
them i mean that's absolutely
they are way cooler than we think they
are yeah right like i used to be afraid
of getting older
until i started hanging out with and
jackie and now i'm like nope
this is gonna be fun yeah
here we go it's true though getting
older is weird just transitioning
through life no matter what age you are
um like i just had a birthday this year
i thought y'all would clap for that but
that's okay
it's all right i had one last year too i
might do it again next year i don't know
i uh i hit like mid 30s i'm in that 30s
range and uh the 30s to me are a very
awkward age
it's like the adult puberty okay
yeah cause you aren't that old but you
aren't that young either
okay you're not like teenagers start
calling you
ma'am i'm like are you being rude or
polite
i can't tell especially here all y'all
are so nice i checked into my hotel
yesterday and a young girl behind the
counter was like are you going to need
help with your luggage ma'am and i was
like you shut your mouth when you're
talking to me
she didn't even see it coming bless her
heart
i got stopped it's true
people are like oh don't worry about it
30 is the new 20.
i'm like yeah but it's not because we're
cool is because we still don't know what
we're doing
you can't say that in your 20s it's like
oh look at her flail
in your 30s and you still don't know
it's like oh girl you need jesus
get that together you know older people
try to be encouraging they're like oh
honey don't worry i'm
72 and i still don't know what i want to
do when i grow up
like that is not encouraging
that's depressing
the weirdest thing though about being in
my 30s
was the day that i realized that
40 year old men were no longer creepy
what attractive yeah
like i don't really know when that
transition takes place
but it does
y'all are quiet y'all were like what's
she gonna say
oh bless your heart
no but real when i was in my 20s if
someone had said to me that 40 year old
dude is really into you i'd be like
but now not that it happens but if it
did
that's not what we're saying to me that
40 year old dude is really into you i'd
be like go on
i also feel really creepy if i find a
guy attractive and i find out he's super
young
i'm like oh wow he's cute and someone's
like yeah he's 22. i'm like oh no
i am so sorry
it's possible i used to babysit him
yeah does he have an uncle
i love those uncles you can't tell these
days you can't because i always feel
like i'm younger than i am
until i hang out with people in their
20s and i'm like no
i am tired
it's true my energy levels aren't what
they used to be i wanted to go on a bike
ride the other day
i live a 20-minute bike ride from a
downtown area so i did i
biked downtown i locked my bike up
walked around
and i ubered home
that's what the 30s are it's like i'm
active but i'm not that active
yeah that's crazy and you start losing
touch with what's cool you know you
don't know the lingo anymore
like i started saying things like kids
these days
idiots i usually say those things
together
and uh so a while back there was this
popular song out
called cake by a rapper named florida
whereas my mom says florida
that's fair burrito burrado you know
whatever
florida florida okay so the song
basically just repeats the word cake
over and over again
cake cake lyrical genius this guy
great at one point in this song he says
i didn't come here to party i just came
for the cake
and i was like that's brilliant and i
trump around singing this song like this
is my theme song
just all day all day now what i didn't
know
was the guys these days particularly the
ones singing the song
mr florida
refer to girls as cake
oh yeah didn't know that one
so like a sweet piece of cake to take
home for the evening was not a reference
to leftovers
all right so a while back
ira rallied which is what you do when
you're in your 30s and you have to go
out
yeah in your 20s you're like we're going
to hell
in your 30s you're like i think i can i
think i can't
like the little engine that barely could
yeah and i rally and i go out with these
youngins just
praying we'd be home by 10. and uh
we get in the car and on the way there
one of the guys says
dude i hope there's some sweet cake
there to which i
said oh man me too i love cake
yeah i was a little too eager for that
cake
i kept going i was like do you like
chocolate or vanilla
oh yeah we both like chocolate but
whatever common grounds right
okay yeah the life is weird
people are weird it gets weirder i feel
like um
this is where i like to take a pole of
the room to see
what i'm working with before i move
forward
by a round of bless my heart thank you
my round of applause has anybody in the
room
ever been single
yeah common grounds all right we've all
been there at some point it doesn't
matter where you're at now
right so okay at one point i was single
for so long i think one of my
girlfriends was worried about me
you know because if you're single for
too long you get kind of stuck in your
ways
like i got to the point where i was like
i don't want to share my
bed bath and beyond with anybody
on so i got a little stuck there
and uh my girlfriend calls me up she's
like jj
i have this guy for you he's not the
best
but he's still good
yeah like he was from the clearance
produce section of the grocery store
yeah you know the section is kind of
iffy but you're like the price might be
right
don't do it ladies don't do it
a bad apple that looks good is still a
bad apple
okay yeah some mushy browns in there
so i'm saying yeah
ask eve yeah
some of y'all get that later that's a
bible joke okay
sorry i'm a preacher's kid i got more uh
no so i finally got to a point where i
was like whatever i'ma try a dating app
i was against it for a very long time
but i was like
there's no more fish in the sea they are
all online
yeah let's go cast in that there so
i download an app and i just pray jesus
make me a fisher of men
and that's a bible joke
yeah the church seems to make a dating
app called fisher of men somebody
i'm just saying i thought of that if you
see it one day you are welcome
or i'm sorry whichever one applied i
don't know
so anyways i found a dating app called
coffee meets bagel
anybody ever heard of this one okay yeah
one person yeah my girl
the rest of y'all let me tell you what
you're not missing
yeah okay so the thing that i liked
about coffee meets bagel
is that it limited you to only
connecting with
six people a day which sounds like a lot
but in the dating app world where it's
like unlimited
swipeage of hundreds of people until
your eyes are bloodshot
sex is self-restraint okay
yeah now the weird thing about coffee
meets bagel
is that it refers to people as bagels
so every day you get a little
notification that says you have
six new bagels today
i'm like i don't want six bagels i want
one grown man
yeah preferably with a job and a beard
a bearded bagel that's my type
okay now the other weird thing about
coffee meets bagel
is you have a bean bank and it charges
your beans
every time you want to find out
something about your bagel
yeah so it's like you have three mutual
friends on facebook with this bagel and
i'm like oh really who and it's like
that'll be 95 beans please
this is dating in my generation
yeah if you're married stay there
don't come back out things got weird
okay i know marriage is hard but you're
doing great
all right hang in there
so one day i was particularly well
stocked in the bean department
i noticed this one bagel was looking
kind of toasty
yeah i was like oh my word he's got a
job
he's got a beard he's got it all
he was in everything bagel yeah
think about it and so
we connected and i spent my beans cost
me a bunch
but whatever and he sends me a message
about my profile picture
because it was a picture of me holding
up the book
dating for dummies because that's what
my mother got me for valentine's day
though yeah
yeah i wasn't worried at all
and not just any copy pocket size
yeah so i could take it with me
on the date lest we forget
all right so he sends me a message and
he's like hey i really like your profile
picture
i actually have the same book what are
the odds
and i wrote back and said well
considering the fact that we're both on
a dating app
that charges us beans to call each other
bagels
i'd stay pretty high
[Music]
yeah i did not hear back from him
i burned that bagel
it's true so the dating scene was a
really long road for me
um i'm very fortunate though i've always
had supportive friends and family
through the process i remember one time
after a particularly hard breakup i went
home to see my family and
i saw my little cousin and she just ran
up to me and crawled in my lap and she
was
touching my face and playing with my
hair
she said you look like cinderella
i was like oh lauren thank you
then she leaned back and goes before the
ball
right yeah i was like that's actually
pretty clever
but get off of me
bless her heart yeah
no it's true it's been a long road but
joke's on her
um i might not be cinderella but last
year i actually met someone
and i knew as soon as i met him that he
was the one
that i would date last year
yeah hold out applause no i'm just
playing
but i used to actually hate when i would
ask people like how do you know when you
meet the one and they all say the same
thing
oh when you know yeah
well i'm like but i've known five times
no i don't know turns out for me six
times a charm
it's like a punch card ladies you get
there eventually
you keep coming back you work see if
you're working okay
yeah so in april of this year he
proposed
and yeah this summer we actually got
married so i am officially a newlywed
funny enough he's actually from alaska
yeah god has a sense of humor um
yeah so i got to spend time there this
summer and um it's a beautiful country
it's not a country
case in point state
it's a beautiful state i did not see
hawaii
but i did see russia from his house
[Applause]
i gotta see where my snl people are
yeah i did not write that joke for the
record doesn't matter
okay i'm trying to get in trouble um no
but yeah it's amazing i love being
married
married marriage is amazing um so far i
get it i'm
i'm new um i said that at a show
recently i was like marriage is awesome
and this older lady yelled out just wait
sorry so far i get it but it is i think
marriage is amazing and people say that
i mean people say marriage
is the best it's going to bring out the
best and the worst
in you it's going to be like a mirror
reflecting things about yourself
that you didn't even know were there and
it's true
like i didn't know the level of crazy
i was capable of
until i got married yeah because i
realized about myself
i am not the type of woman who if
anything ever happened to me
and i passed away that i would be like
i just want my man to be happy and i
hope he moves on
and meets someone new no
[Laughter]
i said it in our vows till death do us
part
but if i die before you get in the
casket
[Laughter]
we gotta go
[Music]
yeah we meeting jesus at the same time
oh i'm saying it's true it's crazy
but it's true i feel blessed to love
somebody in that way and i feel blessed
to be loved in that way and it was worth
it it was worth the wait i waited
35 years it's my first marriage and i
mean now that i'm gonna have more
i just took me a hot second
um but it was worth it and that's what i
would say to people who
want to get married or who are younger
or older is worth the wait
to be with the right person yeah
whether or not marriage is ever a part
of your story
you are worthy and you are loved that's
what i want people to know about
themselves even at a comedy show
[Applause]
you are worthy you are loved amen
yeah i i'm so about that because i
didn't know that about myself
for a long time and i made really poor
decisions
because of it um especially about men
and
yeah i was the type of girl who would
see all the red flags and warning signs
like
well ahead of time and be like onward
i can help you
yeah i know i can't
mushy brown apples right there yeah
my mom would always say to me honey love
is blind
but the neighbors ain't
get yourself some good neighborhoods
okay yeah cause they're gonna see what
you don't
when you're in love okay so last example
and i'll get out of here
um so i dated this guy at one point and
he had said to me
you know you should consider yourself
lucky
because i usually only date pageant
girls
and you are not one yeah
he says stuff to me all the time like i
can't believe i like you
but i do i know
so i shot him
yeah you can do that in the south
you don't even know the license
and apparently in utah y'all got
gunshots everywhere around here
i tried to get coffee yesterday and it
was in the gun shop
i was like i get a coffee he's like i
got something stronger
i like it though um no i didn't shoot
him but i would actually like
pray about it because i was very
confused i was like i love him i hate
what myself i do and i'll be like god
give me a sign what do i do do i stay
with him god give me a sign what do i do
one night we left to go out to dinner
and he took me to chili's
because we was fancy i want my baby
back you know i got a theme song was
fancy and uh
no so we go to dinner and on the way
there
we uh we pull up to this
big red sign
said stop
i was like oh my gosh
there it is
sometimes the lord works in obvious ways
no so we go to dinner and i go into the
uh breakup conversation and it catches
on and he's like
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa are you
breaking up with me
and i was like yes and he said you're
breaking up with me
i was like yes at which point the
waitress walked up to
check in on us and she was like hey uh
how y'all doing how's it going over here
he goes actually she just broke up with
me
to the waitress without missing a beat
the waitress looked at both of us and
she said oh
i'm sorry did you want me to split the
check
[Applause]
i did not want my baby back
[Music]
i gotta tell y'all real quick um after
shows people used to come up to me and
they're like i'm so sorry someone ever
said that to you i'm so sorry someone
spoke to you like that like you're
amazing you're wonderful and i used to
be like tell me more
i love me but now i'm like you know what
don't even worry about it life is so
good
god is so good i'm a full-time artist i
am a happily married woman
and all i do is doodle all day long yeah
but people are always asking me where I
get my material and the truth is I give
my material living life you know
whatever happens to me good or bad I
find the humor in it four and a half
years ago I was diagnosed with ovarian
cancer I just gone for a routine checkup
and the nurse practitioner was examining
me and we were laughing and joking about
getting older when all of a sudden she
got to my abdomen and all the blood
drained out of her face and she said you
have a huge mass she said didn't you
feel that I said well I knew I didn't
matter what I did I couldn't get rid of
my stomach but I thought it was just
like the middle-age spread you know she
said that's not fat that is a mass I
said well you better check back here cuz
I can't get rid of that either
the next week I was in surgery and when
my doctor cut me open my right over he
came flying out size of a cantaloupe my
left ovary size of a grapefruit turns
out my muffin top is a fruit salad
[Applause]
and I travel all the time which means I
go through those x-ray machines at
airport security a lot don't you think
that at some point a TSA agent would
have pulled me aside
and I don't see a bomb but you're
packing a fruit Stanley
call your doctor four weeks after that I
started chemotherapy and I have to
confess you know having been a college
athlete I thought I'll breeze right
through that and that was the hardest
thing I've ever done
and on my worst days my friend Christie
would would put on Kelly Clarkson what
doesn't kill you makes you stronger and
we would dance now when I say that I
danced I mean that I shuffled around the
room look I certainly don't want to give
the impression that I talked my way
through chemo
or that I was hooked up to the IV going
watch me drew watch me Naenae
through watch Medina
did not have that in me but cancer
really has taught me so much like never
order a wig on the Internet I ordered
the Jamie Lee Curtis pixie and what they
sent me made me look like Joe Pesci for
my cousin Bennett I see other cancer
patients ties scarf around their head
and look like a fashion model when I did
if people asked me to read their palms
and of course the very last hair to fall
off my body was Gladys my devoted chin
hair
[Laughter]
and when I finished treatment my hair
started coming back guess who is first
back on the scene hey everybody I'm
Karen Mills thanks so much for watching
my clip and now you can watch my entire
special for only 99 cents if you'll just
click here you'll get this show in its
entirety or you can just watch more
comedy clips from me and my fellow
comedians just click here and there's
more comedy to come
so my husband and I share a closet I
don't recommend this for any new couples
the hell there don't do it it was a bad
idea but we're stuck with it I've been
trying to clean out this closet for the
past eight months using the Marie Kondo
decluttering method I see some of you
know it if you don't know it
congratulations you're supposed to put
all your clothes on the bed and then
you're supposed to go through each piece
one at a time and then if you if you ask
the magic question does this spark joy
if the answer is yes you keep it if the
answer's no then you take it to Goodwill
now sadly the Marie Kondo decluttering
method only works on things not people
it also be a lot of teenagers dropped
off at the goodwill so I got through my
clothes and I told him I'd help him with
his so we got through one shirt of his I
held it up and he said you want me to
ask that shirt what does that shirt
spark joy what does that even mean does
it mean do I like it I don't know you
bought it do you think the shirt sparks
join for me
I didn't even know this shirt was in
this closet this may not even be my
shirt
are you having an affair didn't go well
so the only person having an affair in
our house is our dog okay who thinks
he's having an affair with me because my
husband won't let the dog sleep in the
bed with us and when my husband goes out
of town I let the dog sleep with me he's
hairy he snores it's just like having my
husband there but when my husband comes
home the dog knows he's done wrong he's
broken the rules so he will not make eye
contact with my husband he just looks at
the floor I'm sorry I'm sorry I slept
with your wife I am so sorry
[Applause]
there is another cleaning method that
they do in Sweden it's called Swedish
death cleaning this is a real thing the
premise behind Swedish death cleaning is
you're supposed to get rid of all your
clutter before you die so that you don't
burden your loved ones with all your
stuff right well I'm not doing it I have
cleaned up after these people way too
long
[Applause]
right before Adama by giant warehouse
and I'm going to fill it with dirty
laundry just stinky socks and wet towels
and wadded up underwear and then I'm
gonna hide all my cash money in the
dirty laundry
[Applause]
so they have to go through all the
laundry to find the cash money and then
I'm gonna occasionally just stick a note
in there this is see how high this fun
you should have picked up your socks
[Music]
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app you can download it right
now to watch my whole special
[Applause]
this is how we doin
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't dance ow I make monomers if you
see whose eat carbohydrates tonight
[ __ ] ladies what's this isn't
decorative Mama's gonna have [ __ ] it's
hard oh my gosh it's hot I got a big one
puzzle sheets on high I thought I
thought I feel just like a rock star -
that's a drive-by Burger King I wanna
wah wah wah okay guys I don't like to
brag or anything but mama just lost 45
pounds Oh we'll try to give you a thigh
gap hold on
hashtag fitness goals I mean I don't
care if it's a damn camel toe I'm
getting a thigh gap this year [ __ ] guys
get a thigh gap now I'm gonna tell you
one thing I'll tell you well first of
all I gotta be honest in here I did lose
45 pounds
I kept off seven don't like to brag
it's hard it's hard losing weight and
keeping that [ __ ] off what they don't
tell you when you lose weight is that
it's it's never a as never as never ever
gone it's gonna try to find you wherever
you go like a [ __ ] stalker like this
[ __ ] I'm trying to help you out but
you know I shouldn't have carbs and you
got it anyway it's like your weight is
always sitting on the sidelines like
this ready here we go it's to pass the
mashed potatoes with extra gravy
[Applause]
[Applause]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you know you oh when you lie about your
age and your fake ages old - I'm getting
oh y'all
I started getting great hairs all along
my edges man I'm not ready for that I
had to get this stuff right it's called
gray away it's supposed to cover up your
gray hair yeah somebody I'll know about
that so I sprayed it all along my edges
that stuff look good they'll never know
I went to a party y'all I was killing it
okay doing all my 90's dance moves
halfway through that party all that
stuff was gone sweat it out I went in
that party young and cute came out old
as hell my friend stole all that brace
yourself
Oh what happened I said girl that party
stressed me out you know this it's
terrifying man I recently started losing
friends due to old age I mean they
didn't die or nothing I just can't
associate with them no more cuz I hate
when I'm old looking [ __ ] start telling
people we grew up together like no we
did not
you don't get your legs out of here once
you get a certain age you got to be
careful who you hang out with y'all ask
me oh by association
this old man try to holla at me
yesterday he must have been about 75 I
said sir I am NOT interested he said I
just want to be your friend I said I
don't want no grande friend they always
took my black don't crack black don't
crack apparently once in a while it does
and when it don't crack it damn short
pops then bones and them joints be pop
it okay that's the trick you can't look
at black people you gotta listen to him
black people be walking around looking
like teenagers sounding like bubble wrap
just wrap that baby like damn that's you
my uncle sat down his knee something
like gunshots come I was like oh they
shootin half the time you in a black
neighborhood thinking this is shootout
that's probably just black people
[Music]
I am married.
Next month, next month
is my 16 year wedding anniversary.
(audience cheers)
Thank you, thank you!
Thank you, so sorry
about your luck, ladies.
This ship has sailed,
you know what I'm sayin'?
Love my wife, my wife
is actually the first
and only woman I have ever dated.
Okay, thanks for making
that so weird, everybody.
That couldn't have been . . .
that couldn't have been
any more awkward at all.
Just the blank stares,
then as it was silent,
one guy in the back goes. "Woo!"
Did you hear that guy?
I appreciate him trying
to fill the silence.
Thank you, thank you, Rick Flair.
(audience laughing) 
Woo!
(audience laughing)
People ask me since my wife,
my wife—my very first date was 
with my wife and people ask me,
you know, I didn't have
my first date with my wife
until I was 23 years old.
Okay, again, that was just awkward.
(audience laughing)
You didn't from the last one?
You didn't learn?
I heard a giggle down here
(giggling)
(audience laughing)
and then over there another
"Wow, really, really?"
That was my first date
was with my wife
and people want to know
since she's the only woman
I've ever dated,
how I knew she was the one
and I knew from the very first date,
because our very first date
was on the 4th of July
and on the night
of our very first date, 
outside my window
I could hear
"Proud to be an American," 
by Lee Greenwood.
(audience laughing)
I felt like I was falling in love 
for America, you know?
It's like,
♪ I'm proud to be an American ♪
♪ I'm on a date, I'm 23 ♪
(audience laughing)
My wife's a patriot.
That's what I'm getting at.
She went out with me.
She's a Patriot.
(audience laughing)
Fell in love for America.
You weren't expecting that
on that kick, were ya?
That kind of threw you.
If anyone has some Icy Hot,
that would help right now.
I'm not gonna lie.
(audience laughing)
I got my wife—
I got my wife a great gift 
for our anniversary.
Ladies, back me up,
this is a great gift, right?
For our last anniversary,
I got my wife a spa day.
(audience cheers)
That's nice, right?
Nice, great, the full day!
My wife's gift to me
was not good at all.
Not good at all.
My wife actually had
a star named after me.
Thank you for laughing,
you right there.
Those of you awing,
you're only awing
'cause it never happened to you!
It's not real!
It's not a real thing!
It's a guy in his
basement with a printer.
That's what it is.
(audience laughing)
There are people 
in their backyards going,
"Oh there's Andromeda,
"the beautiful princess.
"Oh, and there's Orion, 
"the mighty hunter.
"Oh, and there's Dan,
"the gap toothed guy from Ohio!"
They don't say that.
(audience laughing)
They don't name stars 
after guys who look
like Incrediboy
from "The Incredibles," 
that's not . . .
(audience laughing)
(audience cheers)
I wish that one didn't work so well,
I'm not gonna lie.
I really wish.
i'm half italian my grandparents yes
they came you're italian
one in this place i'm sorry provo is so
white people were stopping me saying
wow your hair is curly
i'm serious i can rob this place with a
bottle of hot sauce
all right nobody moves don't make me
i'm serious this is crazy everybody
warned me i didn't know what was gonna
happen when i got here because i have to
explain who i
am do not know that because i don't look
like everybody and i'm
my family they fight like you're going
to provo what are you going to say
are you going to tell them you're
italian you're going to tell them you're
the other side because i'm half italian
and i'm half black
yes look at this room everyone's like is
she kidding is she making a joke
no i've seen me i know what i look like
i'm serious i got an italian father and
a black mother this happens
some people are like oh you're why you
look that light are you making it up why
you look you get a brown bunny you get a
white buddy
the two of them mate you get a brown
bunny a striped bunny one that looks
like me and
nobody puts mariah carey through any of
this
[Applause]
i come from light-skinned black people
and dark-skinned white people they're
the same complexion
i come from sinbad yellow black people
that should be a crayon sinbad yellow
it's
and it's it's very complicated because
people don't know often
and then i end up in very uncomfortable
positions
i've been at the job and on the job a
guy comes up and says
hey this is i know it's your first day
but follow the black people around the
store
they have a tendency to steal then i'm
like do i sue him now or wait a week at
least
are there rules for this do you know
what i'm saying and then my white half
starts going we need to straighten him
out he's wrong for being racist
and then the black slide is like we need
this job
[Laughter]
and then the white girl at me is like
our daddy's rich he's white he can pay
the rent let's do
it
i come from italians that are straight
off the boat from sicily
my father straight off the boat moved to
an italian neighborhood
my grandparents jeffrey's been been in
an italian neighbor sorry let me do that
again
ever been in an italian neighborhood no
she's laughing
they scare me no listen
they may feed you to death that's it eat
another one have some more you sure
you're not hungry have some more
italians are funny they like to live
together
not like you guys can relate to any of
that
but i'm in mormon country people
because america might not know so anyway
my italian family came off the boat
moved to an italian neighborhood
and they checked the neighborhood like
you have to be real italian like the
butcher's italian
the hair dress is italian the jewel is a
jew but everybody else
has to be italian
and they test you if you're italian
enough to live in the neighborhood they
have tests
if you don't move when you say italian
you're not italian that's the test
i'm serious i got a brother-in-law third
generation italian you say are you
italian he goes i'm italian
when you're retiring you got a rock i'ma
die a rock six seven eight
[Music]
this guy over here six seven eight he's
not italian six
seven eight italians are like jello
they're just constantly moving
this guy over here
[Applause]
i'm serious i got my best friend tiffy
she doesn't even know she's like my
friend tiffy who's like i don't
understand they're tied maya they're so
weird they keep telling me i'm italian
what is it i'm like that's how we're
answering a question are you hungry i'm
italian
are you going to beat a guy with that
baseball bat am italian what do you
think of me
today and i'm answering a question
[Laughter]
but my parents they didn't really they
said it was a calm tough combination my
italian grandparents were not prepared
for their only son their only child to
marry my mother
a black woman they would have been more
welcoming if my
mother my father came home with a gay
vampire you know
we made it a saucer with no garlic just
how you like
and my grandmother was really racist and
people can't handle racism everyone gets
scared when they hear racism
they freak out but what if that racist
is your grandmother
and she loves you but walks up and she
used to grab my face and go
so beautiful your face your skin is so
right to thank god
and walk away
this is a reality of my life
and don't worry the black side was very
upset that my mother
married my father my black grandfather
took one look at my
sicilian father and said are you sure i
want to marry that italian
he's awfully dark
do you know how many generations it took
for us to get this light and still be
black
think of your children
this is how crazy my family is i don't
even have any good black stereotypes i
had to learn that yom saying to be a
rapper i had to learn from my white
friends how to sound black
i'm just cause i come from very
bourgeoisie black people they call each
other darling how are you darling
it was tough it was tough on people i
love how everyone tries to get together
like my best friend tiffy's always like
maya
you can't talk about cultures it's
racist
it's not racist if i say asians eat rice
is that racist
she's like yes ever give italians rice
they screw it up so bad risotto was an
accident
[Laughter]
did you know that dry bar has its own
app you have to download this
immediately so you can watch my whole
special
ya know and when it comes to dating
right cuz like the Chinese part of me is
always like oh Sierra find a nice
Chinese boy to date and then the
Japanese part of me is like no no
find a nice Japanese boy to date right
and then the American part of me is like
I don't know they're all yellow to me
like just just pick one like there's
like a bajillion of you guys you do the
math is typically better at that thank
you
yeah I know I I don't I also I don't
speak either language I only speak
English so it's pretty weird I'll go to
like a Chinese restaurant and they're
always coming at me speaking in their
tongues and I'm just like
sorry no hablo English what
yeah but you know that you know they
they kind of judge me like they think
I'm a little less Asian because I don't
speak Asian and no okay so yeah and I
hurts
feels a little awkward so I figured if
that ever happens again I'm just gonna
leave and then drive away and crash into
seventeen cars and be like who's the
Asian now [ __ ]
I recently posted to Facebook that I was pregnant
Not true but my attention meter was low that day
 
And I'm mentally ill
Have I have to see medical attention for this
Which is actually find because medical attention is still a form of attention
But I did post this pregnancy thing on Twitter or
on Facebook, both
And my mom saw it
And she called me, hysterically, what is this?
You know, what's happening?
And I was like, "Mom, I am not really pregnant, okay?
And if I was really pregnant, I absolutely would've tagged
you in the Facebook post
I also would've taken time to checking with you
And make sure that you are absolutely ready to raise this baby for me
But at last I am not pregnant
Unless stuffed animals can get you pregnant
But I appreciate they can't
It's probably the right time for me
just bite the bullet in like you know
the inwear in my maternity jeans
Not pregnant just lazy as hell
And unfortunately there's no morning after pill for eating a dozen donuts
They just stay there and they grow
So I'm biracial,
half black and half white.
It just means I don't know 
if I should crochet
or play basketball.
(audience laughing)
You know, grilled chicken 
or fried chicken,
(audience laughing)
but I was brought up
in a white home,
so I swim.
(audience laughing)
It's an easy joke for the
white people to laugh at.
(audience laughing)
Black people
are like, "That was funny,
"but I will cut you after the show."
(audience laughing)
but I married a black man,
like an old one,
like a dark brother too,
so there's no question,
but I do not understand
black culture at all.
My husband's cousin—
My husband's cousin comes to town,
and I'm like, hey man, 
you wanna come
to one of my shows?
And he's like,
"Oh yeah, yeah, fo' sho."
No dude, not four shows, 
just one show.
Did you want to come to my show?
And he's like, "I said fo' sho."
I'm like, 
I don't understand the language
of the black people.
(audience laughing)
Just turned to my husband
for some interpretation.
My husband just steps over
to my white side and says,
"For sure, he's coming
"to your show for sure."
I'm trying to get the moment back, 
fo' sho, fo' sho.
(audience laughing)
My sister calls me up,
she's like, "Hey Lisa,
"now that you're black,
(audience laughing)
"I got some questions for ya."
I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, fo' sho.
(audience laughing)
Discipline is tough, I'm a yeller,
'cause it's the easiest thing 
to do from the couch,
(audience laughing)
but my husband does this thing
that I call confusion discipline.
This is what it looks like.
Kid did something wrong, 
they get a spank on their butt,
my husband's like, "Why you cryin'?
(audience laughing)
"You want me to give you
"something to cry about?
(audience laughing)
"Keep on crying, see what happens."
Kids are looking at me,
I'm looking at them.
I'm like, I don't know
what to do, play dead.
(audience laughing)
Works with the bears,
(audience laughing)
so, I have two identical
twin boys and a girl
and my boys are identical,
they are alike in everything.
Yes and no answers,
no matter what you say,
yes and no.
My daughter, yeah,
single-handedly
the neighborhood watch.
(audience laughing)
Walking Wikipedia, that one.
Put my kids to bed,
I turn off the light,
I leave the room, nothing.
I don't wanna hear nothing
out of here, nothing.
A couple of minutes later, 
I hear goings-on
coming from the bedroom,
goings-on.
(audience laughing)
March back down the hallway, 
I open the door,
the light is off, the kids are in bed,
but I know what I heard,
so I turned on the light
and I say very lovingly,
everybody get up!
(audience laughing)
I said, boys, you get out of bed, 
turn on that light?
And the boys are like, "Nope."
I said, Zoe, did you get out of bed
and turn on that light?
And Zoe said, "No,
(audience laughing)
"but Nathan got out of his bed
"and he jumped in Elijah's bed then
"he ran around the bed trying 
"to get in my bed,
"and I said, 'don't you
"be gettin' in my bed.
"Then they heard you comin',
"turned off the light
"and they got back in their bed."
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
I didn't even know what to say,
but as I left the room,
pretty sure I heard 
one of the boys say to Zoe,
"Snitches get stitches."
(audience laughing)
They pick that language up
when they're home alone
with their dad.
(audience laughing)
I walked in the house and
heard the kids chanting one day, 
"Jerry, Jerry, Jerry!"
(audience laughing)
And then my daughter looks
at my husband and says,
"You are not the father."
(audience laughing)
I'm Lisa Gilbert, 
you guys have been amazing.
Thank you so much!
hey my name is Kristen key as he
mentioned but you're probably just gonna
remember me as that girl we saw remember
that what she kind of looked like what
would happen if Ellen has a baby with a
mean lady from Glee it's not that funny
now it's just hurtful now I get those
two a lot and usually they're not told
to me it's shouted like not a compliment
it's not always a compliment to tell
somebody that they look like a celebrity
if it's an old celebrity or maybe like
an ugly one you know like what if
somebody walked up to you sir was like
oh wow you look just like Steve Buscemi
you feel like we'll [ __ ] you
they just don't come across the way
people meet him I was in target the
first time someone told me I look like
that lady from Glee her name's Jane
Lynch and she's very talented and very
funny but I was standing at Target I
didn't know this woman she comes and she
goes oh my god has anyone ever told you
you look just like Jane Lynch all I
heard was oh my god has anyone ever told
you you look just like an old lesbian
well not today
actually from California but now that I
live in New York I'm a [ __ ] murderer
okay like I am so aggressive and angry
about everything now like I literally
get out of the shower with a hand on my
head do you know like I just got it like
just pissed to be alive and clean just
one of the day have in store for me
today like my socks are dark like my
socks are crazy like the first thing I
think now and I see a man walking with
flowers is just like I wonder if he hit
her you know like you don't it would
show forgiveness oh [ __ ] girl
just giving me those [ __ ] snap I mean
I'm in a relationship as well it's uh
it's nice to be in a relationship I
wasn't sure it was gonna happen for a
very long time and he's a nice guy but
we're not perfect you know we've been
dating for years and were in our 30s and
not married so yeah I'm pissed
[Music]
what the [ __ ] do I put in my goddamn
time do you know what I mean I didn't
think he realizes how easy it would be
you know like he doesn't even have to
give me a diamond to could give me a
piece of salami I'll react the same way
[Laughter]
give me it
time to tell me where I just had sprout
bite his dick I'm just kidding I need
that I need that and he's a nice guy I'm
not used to dating nice guys I'm sure
we've all dated a Raider fan or to you
know to me just real pieces of trash
guys where you look at them you're like
no no you don't even need to take off
your shirt I know you have any Oh sanity
Sam tattoo on your chest I know that
mm-hmm but he's a nice guy and I dated
such terrible people I haven't been able
to like entire things after them you
know like I dated a guy that cheated on
me with a girl from Oregon so guess
who's never going to Oregon mm-hmm no
that's where the [ __ ] live just call
it [ __ ] again save me a joke what are
you doing thank you solo clapper I don't
know if you like beer like this is the
one I'm killing tonight are you from
Oregon are you a fat troll named Laurie
just getting um over it you guys a month
fat troll tattoo get out of here [ __ ]
you
[Music]
really I'm Alaskan my girlfriend I we
actually just moved in together we have
been together a while some like three
and a half almost four days
Nathan betta ladies finally making a
comeback this was hilarious more of this
lesbo please bring your partner so we
can come to enjoy hi I'm Alex powers and
welcome to comic look I'm Alex powers
and welcome to comics roasting comments
hasn't sticked hold the mouse to say the
Internet it looks for a moment like it
was going to be this nice place a hotbed
of intellectualism in sophistication and
then people showed up you're not really
a lesbian you were just raped as a kid
she check out that profile captain a
meeting 12 your subscribers
Anthony Chacon says he only clicked
because she is kind of hot no talent oh
well Anthony my dad thinks I'm hot and
talented so if she's the dude why does
she care how big the strap-on is if you
had a choice to go pick out how big your
dick was you'd have a preference right I
hate lesbian even I liked this chick he
fell chick wrong she ain't got no damn
belly button my belly button is covered
up by my pants because you can't see it
therefore I don't have one I guess by
that logic I don't have a [ __ ] or an
apple either yes on the street I'm known
as lesbo Barbie she looks like her
touches were drawn on with a sharpie
actually just this one I drew an arrow
pointing to it cause it's so tiny she
looks like the cash me out flag girl in
25 years there's another one she would
play for cash me outside girl in 15
years that's more like a how old is that
girl now like 13 or 14 so lesbian
Jennifer Lawrence not bad
thank you it's all you other trolls out
there don't like how I roasted your
comment you can catch me outside how
about that
they give the comments on my standard
video where's that [ __ ] up I can't
imagine how the comments are going to be
on this one
but I think I'm getting better at
communicating now with all kinds of
people for instance the other day I
accidentally cut a guy off in traffic
and he yelled at me learn how to drive
you stupid I was like oh my god
like I had to think fast and like what
could I save this guy that would make
him embarrassed for that behavior so I
just yelled I'm a man
[Applause]
you shouldn't assume
[Laughter]
which gets me thinking I'm I'm getting
older I'm 27 I'm not that old but like
our Kelly wouldn't be interested in me
I'm just so irritated by how much easier
it is aging for men versus women like
I've even heard people say that men get
more attractive as they get older which
is like so what I think I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna wait till I'm like
60 there's a spectrum and like maybe
then it won't be like oh you look tired
it'll be like have you been writing a
book
you look distinguished so I work a lot
just what I say to people I never want
to see I used to work in an office and I
hated it but I couldn't quit because it
takes so long to train people to not
expect much from you like start over
somewhere else like anyone's I like to
make that decision so my work was really
nice and and they made it for me and
that's great like I found my like dream
job afterwards and I'm gonna apply to it
next week and I do have a problem with
procrastination but I've been trying to
get better I've bought a lot of
self-help books a lot of books about
like starting things down and like I'm
sure I'll get to them but my favorite
self-help book is the murray condos
magical art of tidying okay so my
favorite part in that book is when she
says to hold each one of your
possessions in your hand and if it
doesn't bring you joy get rid of it
right so I don't have that book anymore
can we really feel better
[Music]
but here's the thing I live in a really
cool part of Los Angeles I live in
downtown I really love it there we live
in the corner of 9th and crack pipe um a
little dodgy you know I don't mean like
to go out there I'm like afraid to leave
my apartment you don't mean I just feel
like I grew up in the East Coast and I
feel like the homeless people thank you
the homeless people in the East Coast
are so like they're just different than
the homeless people in Los Angeles
ok they're just different you don't even
eat we're not judging you don't even put
on though on that it's gross and you
know you look it's they're just kind of
drunk you know I mean that hey you man
can I get a dollar you know do you mean
you know and you give him a bagel
they're [ __ ] grateful you know what I
mean in LA ok they're like hopped up on
like broken dreams and crystal meth okay
I just this guy comes up to me I'm like
walking and they're there they're so
awake you don't even like Hey
[Applause]
like what you know he's like I thought
I'd give her a movie it's not the
homeless guy who's stuck in a love
triangle for this pet rat and his
imaginary girlfriend
it's a bio [ __ ]
[Applause]
I'm like okay here's a dollar I can't
accept producer credit I'm like you know
that kind of selfish attitude got you
there in the first place so I don't even
like to go out I was so I was walking
out I was what sounds like I had to walk
my dog you know I mean and there was
this lady coming towards me and she
seemed normal you don't I mean she was
just wearing a dirty bathroom but she
seemed normal
you know Amy I just thought maybe she's
rich you know like which people wear
chitti's clothes you know you mean like
like so you know cuz I don't care
because I'm so [ __ ] rich you know to
me and she was kind of pretty he'd
already mean like she just had that
anyway you know that sort of when you're
really an alcoholic and you sort of look
tan
you know you mean and I was like oh
she's bronzer on you know you mean
anyway she was coming towards me and you
know you can't tell someone's crazy
until you get close enough to see that
[ __ ] what do you mean look in your
eye you don't mean it's too [ __ ] late
yeah I mean it's just walking and then
she's like and then she's full-on
flashes me right I'm like oh my god my
dog's Angeles
[Music]
oh hi babes representation matters yeah
you know I mean I'm living that hashtag
hashbrown life and I'm at a party
recently you guys like to party little
awkward
I am super fun at parties I'm at a party
I'm getting much work on blonde girl
number eight comes up to me and she's
like sonal I've been meaning to ask you
like you're lying awake at night
thinking about me cuz I'm kinda backs
she's like stored are you like are you
like first generation second generation
and my boy rich cuts in and he's like
she's got an iPhone 7
that's a [ __ ] a lie those of you not
laughing you are part of the problem
welcome it's okay where's Chicago what
the [ __ ] I'm gonna party in Chicago
there's no safe space there is no safe
space I thought that ended when I went
to college in Indiana cuz I'm a real
tough ass [ __ ] I knew it was time to
get the [ __ ] out of Indiana when my best
friend remade best friend for three
years roommate for one year
he's like song what kind of Indian are
you
and I'm like do you mean like north
northern or southern Indian Adam Engel
last name spelled Eng le you can come up
[Applause]
and he goes I don't know is that a thing
yes yes that is a thing that um yes it's
a thing
I'm northern Indian and he's like oh
okay did I to tie it too tight
[Music]
so are you like Cherokee we've taken
mushrooms together dude
we've travel the [ __ ] cosmos you've
met my parents did you think that was a
Cherokee accent so I got the [ __ ] out of
Indiana but real talk
the real bullies the og bullies are my
parents right y'all related some hateful
ass [ __ ] but you have to love because
it's unconditional I mean goddamn I love
these guys I want to see them recently
the old roommates right mom and dad
we're we're uh what Indian Hill we
figured out what kind we're good yeah so
we're watching a movie which they call
cinema night [ __ ] adults right these
people the best English I was raised by
a very strong feminist my dad which
basically means he didn't have any sons
he's like I will raise my daughters to
be strong Oh independent like me
and we're watching a movie called given
figures you guys know this movie right
beautiful movies story of three
african-american women that helps send
the first American white male into space
right my dad's getting emotional my
dad's watch the movie he's like he
overcame such obstacle kaalia dad died
today died my mom is not a feminist
mother is the oppressor she's just
watching the movie getting mad she was
like what then no one would marry them
are we watching the same movie one of
the main characters falls in love and
gets married to which my mom said Besim
Disney [ __ ] I told that story with
her in the audience recently story not a
joke and I was a little nervous she
doesn't know that I mean you know I'm
talking about her publicly yes she does
she started clapping for herself she was
introducing herself after the gig she's
like I am the oppressor
[Music]
I said have you been outside the Lord
has never been here I was just in
Wyoming if you guys get a chance to go
to Wyoming be very careful driving I
couldn't even see across the street
because the air was so thick with
boredom
I stayed in a horrible hotel my dog
jumped off the bed and rubbed his butt
on the rug and all I could think was now
I gotta wash his butt my god they had
like five religious channels on the
cable TV there I didn't I didn't know
what they were so woman comes out
reading off sins I thought they were
things to do in town
I was like wow the community update is
very thorough on this channel and then I
was in I was in Elko Nevada if you get a
chance to go to Elko Nevada pass that up
I'll tell you that's a crazy place I met
a woman she said she moved there from
Montana
I said why she said the Lord sent me I
said have you been outside the Lord has
never been here you must be the scout
and then I was in Reno Nevada berry
exciting when I was in Reno the police
went on the news they were looking for a
woman who had stolen a baby out of the
hospital and they described her as being
over 400 pounds and wearing a hot pink
stretch pant and immediately my heart
went out to the pant and then I got
thinking maybe she's a criminal genius
400 pounds and hot pink stretch pants
who notice a baby
[Laughter]
[Applause]
that's a smart lady man all criminals
are not that smart I heard about this
guy in LA got in a car accident hit a
cop car and then fled on foot and got
hit by a train I know I thought dude how
bad are your observational skills you
know even Stevie Wonder would have
missed the Train and then I thought the
funniest thing was you know after he hit
that cop car he had to be thinking to
himself man that's the worst thing that
could have happened to me today
Wow I stand corrected
we're very hard on criminals in
California we have the death penalty you
guys have that do you yeah good you
should it's a lot of fun no not at your
house sir that's we have that and you
know uh whenever I talk about the death
penalty people always come up to me and
they say well could you pull the lever
and I always say yes but I don't think
they'll give that job to a comedian
I think they know a comedian have too
much fun with us you know we'd be
standing there going hey your hair looks
great is that the governor side
thanks for coming to the show this is
what you got to do you got a laugh life
it's too hard isn't it
yes let me tell you all how bad my day
was my kids were so bad in Walmart today
I actually pulled a fly swatter off the
shelf and I spanked them and just as the
fly swatter hit their little butts I
thought I don't have kids
I don't have kids I'm single the other
night I went out with a guy said he
didn't like women who were fragile or
vulnerable so I stabbed him I think
he'll call again my boyfriend just broke
up with me he said he wasn't feeling
effusive about the relationship and I
was like what a jerk
making me look upwards I don't know what
that means but it's hard meeting people
I saw you guys coming in a lot of you
look like you're here with the love of
your life yes
others compromise of your expectations
it's all good all I know is I'm not a
cougar I don't know what that's about I
was out on a date with a young guy and
in the middle of the day I had a hot
flash and I was too embarrassed to tell
him so I told you my head tuberculosis
and I don't know what that is so I hope
I'm gonna be alright
and I don't know I think I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna end up marrying my dog yeah
yes because he reminds me a lot of my ex
because he's not pulling his weight
financially and they're both afraid of
the vacuum and I don't understand the
internet dating that's just weird for
some reason men send me inappropriate
pictures have you had this happen and
they're very casual hi I'm Phil and
architect from Cincinnati thanks for
taking the sexy out of tube socks for me
Phil I'll never get that back
and then other men email me and they say
hey can you send me inappropriate
pictures and I say sure meet Phil he's a
heart attack
he likes square dancing and long walks
on the beach I don't know it's weird I
don't even think I should be allowed on
the internet the other day I was
watching Netflix and that sign came up
you know the one that says your credit
card is about to expire so now I have to
figure out how I'm gonna tell my
neighbor her credit card is about to
expire
that's touchy and I can't spell I can't
spell an autocorrect is not helping at
all have you ever typed an email and
then looked at the screen and the
spelling was so bad you thought you
might have had a stroke
I joined al-qaeda no I made Jilly
that's not even close my whole family is
nuts I remember my aunt she used to make
embroidered inspirational pillows yeah
one day she smothered my uncle with one
of her the last thing he saw coming Adam
was today is the first day of the rest
of your life she was me and she used to
try to curse people she used to try to
give him the evil eye but unfortunately
she had a lazy eye so she just kind of
spread it all over the road no one was
really cursed everyone just had a little
trouble parking and I have to apologize
because I didn't know sometimes I say oh
my god and the first cloud kind of
didn't like it so I want to apologize I
don't mean any disrespect it just comes
out of my mouth very easily so if that
happens just go oh she's nuts
and on the way out it offends you I'll
be there you can punch me lightly one
punch for every time I said that there
now that's out of the way and I won't
swear anymore either
I don't want to be arrested
this side of the room likes the jokes a
lot more this diorama
this site is like a rester
oh my god but this is what you do I said
it
they kept saying it comes right out of
your mouth and I was like no it does not
this is what you gotta do folks you
gotta get out you gotta enjoy life you
can't worry you certainly can't worry
about money I know you all look up here
you see the bright lights in my $2.00
goodwill dress and you say who is she to
tell us not to worry about money when
she looks like she's wrench and you guys
would be surprised I'm not in fact I am
$90,000 in debt and I don't have a care
in the world cuz that's what you do you
get so far in debt
then it's visas problem not yours
you know shame on them for giving me
that credit in the first place I think
someone should be fired
and I haven't paid my credit card bills
and over a year but they still send me
one every month and you know why because
those people believe in me that's right
they think I'm gonna hit it big and pay
them back
in fact they care so much they even
called me at home they did they said
Karen could you send us just a little
each month and I said no but don't worry
I've already forgiven myself I won't let
this affect my self-esteem and then my
bank called told me I had insufficient
funds I said I know
thank God you gave me all those checks
see cuz it's all in how you look at
things folks you just gotta think
positive you got to think outside the
box for example I celebrate Halloween in
August because when you show up at
someone's house at night wearing a mask
in August you get better stuff
[Applause]
see think outside the box you're driving
home late at night afraid you're gonna
fall asleep at the wheel drive on the
wrong side of the road
let the horns from the other cars keep
you away people love to help do I don't
let anybody be negative at all the other
day my dentist told me my gums were
receding I said no sir they're not my
teeth are advancing but that's what you
got to do you got to think positive
you've got to do in life what makes you
happy what do you do for a living my
friend how you said that you should be
proud being a mom is the hardest job
there is and I was always encouraged to
be a stay-at-home mom myself by my boss
[Music]
yeah I'm not good with kids I don't like
anyone who doesn't know when they're
gonna throw up in fact that childproof
my house there are pills and sharp
objects everywhere so parents never
bring them back well good for you mom
how about you my friend what do you do
you're a dad
not the same enthusiasm there I'm
feeling do you have a job sir you don't
know all right
that's odd I was gonna get in and out of
the bit but now I think I have to ask
more questions let me help you out sir
close your eyes pretend it's 9:00 a.m.
on a Monday morning what do you see
around you
[Music]
are there french fries on the floor is
there anything I got what do you do you
say huh is this bringing a homeless
person given free night what happened
how come I can't get an answer out of
this guy seriously the pit moves faster
when you get I'll ask this lovely woman
uh do you know what he does you're his
wife how is anyone can someone help him
do you speak English is this I already
know Oh what does he do for a living a
QA I am so sorry I stopped to talk to
you too I don't even know a QA would you
like to buy a vowel
what is that I gotta get out
all quality assurance right you're
number 12 and my t-shirts aren't you
good for you what is your number I'll
look for you know is it 12 I'll do it
all right I'll call the company thank
god this was inspected by number 12 last
year I got a t-shirt from 11 good for
you does it make you happy sir just say
yes good for you
see that's what you gotta do folks you
got to do what makes you happy I
remember when I was a little girl my dad
he would give me advice he would say
Karen happiness isn't getting what you
want go away
but all the different people in the
world that's what makes all the
different people in this country that's
what makes it a great country you know
and I know that because I was just
recently in Europe and did you know the
Europeans they think that Americans are
lazy yeah but don't you guys get upset
because I went right over there and I
straighten that whole country out I did
I told him look Americans we are not
lazy we just like to sit and I'm right
think about it we have chairs in every
room of our house except the bedroom
we're tired of sitting we're gonna lay
down the car the Train the airplane all
American inventions all moving chairs
now when you're a little kid the first
game you learn musical chairs this shows
you the importance of finding a seat
and when we give someone the death
penalty we give them D electric chair
we're gonna kill you have a seat in fact
we get very nervous when people are just
standing around it's against the law
it's called loitering because we have no
understanding why people would be in an
area where there are no chairs and that
is why a standing ovation is so
important in this country because if you
can get that big fat American butt out
of his seat well then you've done
something important
I love you got you know what - I really
love this crowd in fact I want to make
sure this side of the room is enjoying
the show as much as this side so what
I'm gonna do I know it's a Friday night
it's almost 10:00
you probably had a hard day of doing
nothing City so I'm gonna do I'm gonna
give this side of the room a rest and
tell a joke - this side of the room and
then I'll give this side of rest and
tell a joke - this side and then we'll
all have a minute to be refreshed and we
can get a little weird so you guys take
a minute maybe rest your eyes or think
of something you're grateful for I will
be right back
so the other day I was gathering berries
and I says to myself you know if Chinese
ambassador gee judging cellist yo-yo ma
an actor chou-heung fad had a baby they
could call it G your Ma's fact
good alright you guys take a minute rest
your eyes I'll be right back
so the other day I was gathering berries
and ice have you guys heard this already
and I says to myself if Dan Rather
Fuzzy's Zeller and colon Powell had a
baby they could call it rather fuzzy :
okay now I'm gonna bring everyone back
together if John Madden Joe Pesci and
Dennis Rodman had a baby
that'd be the ugliest baby ever when
[Music]
[Applause]
now everyone is back together now I
think we're all ready to get a little
weird are you guys ready okay oh don't
worry I'll go slow I am a procrastinator
and I bought a slow cooker dinner will
be ready in November okay I'll go slower
I believe in karma so when there was a
two-year-old in front of me on the plane
I kicked his seat the whole way I wonder
if somewhere there is a society of
dragons and in all their restaurants
they have pictures of Chinese people on
the walls
I'm gonna get some plastic surgery I'm
gonna have my eyes done I'm gonna have
them both put on one side of my head and
then continually ask people if my hair
looks all right
the other day there was the laziest bug
on my ceiling it just sat in the same
spot all day long and I wonder if it was
thinking the other day there was the
laziest woman on my couch I was on a
flight to Canada and there was a fly on
my plane and I thought that fly doesn't
know he's flying I don't like it when
people call me and it says blocked ID
that's not fair you're calling me you
should say who you are you know what I
do when that happens I answer the phone
with a bag over my head so they don't
know who they're talking to my last name
is Ron Taos key and there's a football
player named Gronkowski and I think
someone should have told me cuz one day
I was jogging by a bar and I thought
everyone was screaming about what a
great tight end I have
[Music]
why is it the sound system on the
ice-cream truck has not evolved in 60
years I've completely lost this size
around Monday I found the answer to the
age-old question who wear short shorts
unfortunately it's the old man in front
of me in yoga class okay this one's hard
you have to focus I am gonna open a
philosophy gym and call it the why
I am going to open a gym for overweight
English people and call it downtown
flabby I am gonna open a yoga studio and
call it you're not gonna believe where
my foot is I don't know how to decorate
my apartment I put a sticker on my
bedroom door that said anything is
possible and then my boyfriend put a
sticker on the headboard that said the
door is a liar
now I've shifted to just the side of the
room that's weird
so I love to shop I will shop anywhere
except the sharper image I am so I don't
I'm afraid of everything they sell in
that store I don't need nose hair
trimmers that double is weed whackers
ladies
and the last time I went into that store
listening with the head they had a
carving knife with a spotlight on it
like what serial killer went in there
hey you guys got a carving knife with a
spotlight on it well sure right over
there by the nail gun with the skull try
our hammer with a silencer huh and then
they had a watch they hadn't watched
they said worth six hundred feet
underwater my god you're six hundred
feet underwater you're gonna be late
you should be more concerned while your
600 feet underwater
and then they had a flashlight but they
only worked 150 feet underwater so don't
drop your watch and then I got thinking
150 feet underwater with all them sharks
and fish is nothing but a flashlight I'd
be like man I wish I had a carving knife
on the end of this thing that's where
you need it now check it out I got a
really groovy sweater the other day
check out what they give me with a
sweater they give me a little tiny baggy
right with an extra button in it yeah
like they don't have enough confidence
in the guy sewing on the buttons like
his shirt hasn't been checked by number
12
[Applause]
and I got thinking you can't do that in
just any job you don't buy a car and the
guy goes hey we threw a couple of extra
engine parts in the trunk in case you
have any trouble with that you don't get
a haircut and the guy goes hey here's an
extra baggie a hair I screwed that up
bad on top and I have never lost a
button off a sweater but I've lost every
baggie with the button in it I've ever
gotten and ladies what's happening to
blue jeans my god they're getting lower
and lower I'm in my 50s I want jeans I
can clip to my bra see because I have
given up I have given I don't know if
you notice but I'm letting my hair go
gray that you know what happens when you
let your hair go gray you can go behind
the counter at Denny's and no one says a
word
everyone just goes Laver alone I think
that's the owners wife
I got off on a tangent I leave a note
I'm talking about I get so confused you
know the other day I was sure the aliens
had implanted a tracking device in me
but it just turned out to be a loose
freedo in my underwear
so now I have to figure out why the
aliens are putting Fritos in my
underwear that's true and I can't
remember anything
listen no what I did a couple years ago
I and I invited all my friends over for
my 50th birthday I was so excited I had
never had a birthday party before
because I was always on the road
everyone came over and they all chipped
in and as a gift they hired a
numerologist to tell me my future and I
was still excited I said to her I was
born 8 1765 what can you tell me and she
said I can tell you you're going to be
celebrating this birthday again next
year because you're not 50 you're 49
I can't believe how good she was I had a
call my sister and asked her how old she
was she said she was 52 I said if you're
three years older than me
and I told you I was celebrating my 50th
birthday did you find that odd and she
said you know I did and then I thought
well that's your business
and I said you couldn't subtract three
and say something you're a teacher and
she said don't play me cuz you suck at
math
besides I teach kindergarten and they
all know how old they are and then she
said well what year do you think you
lost and I said I don't know if time
travel is new to me
I might be married with seven children
for all I know and she said you can't
have seven children in a year and I said
oh look who's suddenly a math professor
true that's my sister I'm always in
trouble
I finally got to go and see my three
year old I got to go see to my three
year old nephew's birthday party and you
know for his birthday my sister she gets
him a pinata cuz apparently at 3:00 he
wasn't breaking enough things around the
house she wants to blindfold him in hand
of a bat I'm not allowed over anymore
because I kept going hey Evan
but there's candy in that lamp over
there
[Laughter]
see I thought that was funny my sister
didn't she yelled at me she goes you
know what your problem is Karen you
think like a man so I said I'm sorry I
wasn't listening
[Applause]
and then I made her smell my socks wow
you guys are great you haven't even
touched your M&Ms is that bad there what
Oh the Reese's Pieces oh excuse me that
explains a lot more you know I thought I
was a little weird but I think it's you
people I think that that maybe I don't I
don't eat those cuz I'm vegan you know
and the reason are the reason I became
vegan is because I found that is the
fastest way to bug the crap out of
everyone around me I don't I don't know
why people get so upset at what I'm not
eating like oh the vegans coming to
dinner we're gonna have to get some
unicorn sprouts and some leprechaun
feathers why is she doing this to me
some guy in the Midwest got really mad
and he goes that's not American not eat
meat Hitler didn't eat meat and I was
like well yeah but he ain't dairy and he
tried to kill all the Jews
that's the two differences between me
and Hitler right there
[Applause]
we're both average painters
but that's not my job to tell you guys
what to eat or what to think my job is
to make bigger mistakes than you do so
you can laugh at mine and feel better
about yours and I'm very good at my job
have you ever asked someone when the
baby was due and they weren't pregnant
yes guys hate that and I always say the
wrong thing my neighbor came over and he
was wearing a sweatshirt and on the
front of it he said it said I believe in
the right to bear arms and I said if you
were serious about that you'd be in a
tank top
that's my neighbor I have a huge crush
on my neighbor he's so cute and he has
all kinds of guns you know I don't want
any guns and I asked him how come he had
so many guns no D told me he told me we
all need to have guns in case we need to
overthrow the government if we need to
overthrow the government a lot of you
people are gonna have to start getting
in shape
I don't know if you've been down the
cheese aisle at Walmart but the rebel
army has met itself go I mean I do a
little yoga but unless we're gonna
overthrow them with incense and throat
pillows I don't think I can help they
have the military they have tanks I
don't have enough car insurance to take
on a tank I don't know what to do my god
but this is nice folks you come out you
have a good time that's what you gotta
do you gotta enjoy life you know I I
love my parents they always you always
be good to your parents even if there
are little nuts cuz my parents I don't
quite understand them they always try
like when I was a little girl my dad
would always say Karen be proud of
yourself no matter what you do in life
always be proud of yourself because no
matter what it is there's always gonna
be some jerk standing there cutting you
down that's just how your mother is
I know they hate each other I don't know
why they're still married I told my
mother she wasn't thinking positive so
she joined a Widow's Club they came out
to visit me for a month
oh yes the people that gave me life came
to suck it right back out of me my dad
told me he put a drawbridge on his house
just turns out he installed the garage
door upside down
have you ever tried to take a stroll
down memory lane with your parents
talking about your childhood and after
listening to him for a few minutes
you're like were you even there I'm like
hey MA
do you remember on my 10th birthday when
I cracked my head open on a rock and
she's like oh I remember a duck got in
the car and then my father's like that
wasn't a duck that was your uncle Andy
someone yelled you want a beer he
thought they said the aliens are here
and yelled they're gonna abduct me
everyone dock and that's when the duck
got in the car and my dad is so cheap he
worries more about money than death you
have this message on my answering
machine Karen your mother and I are
going on vacation now if we die on
vacation don't fly the bodies home the
airlines are gonna try and stick it to
you with the price
you cremate the bodies and you mail them
home there's a flat-rate priority box
your mother will fit into nicely I
prefer a bubble envelope so if you don't
hear from us for a while you get
something in the mail open it carefully
it's either your dead parents or some
fudge it will be a surprise and then he
wonders why everyone's nervous we're
very nervous family our family crest is
a picture of an irritable bowel we don't
worry about death though I know I read a
book on near-death experiences and I
think I'm gonna have one because I never
finished anything and I thought what a
great unit of measurement just
near-death I remember I had an ear job
experience once I did I had a job once
and it was so weird cuz me and my boss
we saw eye-to-eye on everything like one
day he walks up to me and he goes I wish
you didn't work here and I was like me
too
and then he was like you come in late
and leave early and I was like thank you
for the option man but I'm doing that
now but I do that one part-time job I
work part-time as a ghost hunter you
know don't be afraid of ghosts ghosts
are just people that don't know they're
dead yet like Gary Busey and ghosts are
just energy they used to be able to turn
TVs on and off all the time but now they
just stand around the three remotes
going I don't know which one it is
[Applause]
you
You know what? Let's, let's see
what we might have in
common here.
By round of applause, 
round of applause,
how many parents are
in the audience this evening?
Round of applause.
(audience applauding)
That's great, that's great.
'Cause I'm a new mom.
(audience applauding)
I have a 77 and an 84 year-old.
(audience laughing)
What is happening?
(audience laughing)
Like one day
I had parents, the next day.
I'm like, what are Ruby Dee and
Ossie Davis doing in my house.
(audience laughing)
Now, if you're looking at me 
and you're thinking
that I look too young
to have parents that old
you are absolutely right 
and thank you.
(audience laughing)
Well, my parents had me late in life
so apparently 
I'm their retirement plan.
(audience laughing)
Yes, I am the cutest
IRA you'll ever see.
(audience laughing)
So I am spending a lot of time 
with my parents
'cause I'm trying to stay in the will.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I'm not their only child
but I am the only one they like.
(audience laughing)
So hashtag winning.
(audience laughing)
Actually, I like my parents too,
I think they're adorable.
Like, like not only are they
still married to each other
they were married to each other
before I was born.
Who does that?
(audience laughing)
And they've been married,
they've been married, you guys,
for over 50 years.
(audience cheering)
But I, I have no idea how.
No cause my dad is 
a horrible gift giver.
When I was a kid,
my dad gave my mom
a set of steak knives
for her birthday.
Yeah, I knew that was wrong
and I was only four.
(audience laughing)
I was like,
daddy 'bout to get stabbed.
(audience laughing)
But, you know spending 
a lot of time with my parents
when they're older means
I'm learning a lot.
I'm learning a lot that I didn't know.
like, I had no idea how expensive
prescription medication is.
Yeah, oh, is it.
My mom dropped a pill,
I was like, "Look at here, lady,
We gonna find this pill,
we gonna dust it off
(audience laughing)
and you're gonna take it.
(audience laughing)
And if you don't, I will
(audience laughing)
'cause we don't waste Xanax 
in this house.
(audience laughing)
There's a term for this, by the way, 
there's a term for this,
it's called role reversal, right?
Yeah, If you're from my generation
it's called freaky Friday.
(audience laughing)
And it is indeed quite weird.
Okay, like, you know what,
I didn't see it coming,
there were signs 
and I should've known.
Like, I took my mom to the dentist.
She hates the dentist.
She's complaining,
she's dragging her feet.
She doesn't wanna get in the chair.
And I heard myself say,
if you behave yourself,
(audience laughing)
I'll take you to the liquor store.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
Now here's the thing
I was already going for me.
But she didn't need to know that.
(audience laughing)
But this is so weird for me.
Because when I was growing up
my mom was the disciplinarian 
in the house.
Okay, my mom's Jamaican 
they beat children professionally.
(audience laughing)
But what was cool about my mom
is that she would never
spank me at the moment
I did something wrong, 
she would wait.
(audience laughing)
She called it waiting
until she had calm down.
(audience laughing)
Which sounds really good in theory,
(audience laughing)
in practice, it meant 
I never knew when it was coming.
(audience laughing)
When I would least suspect it 
my mother would swoop down
out of nowhere and be like,
"So you want to put crayons
"in the washing machine."
(audience laughing)
I'm like, Ma that was 30 years ago.
(audience laughing)
I think there's a
statute of limitations.
(audience laughing)
But you know, you do know
that as you, as you get older
that mother daughter
relationship gets complicated.
Right? And I say that, I say that
because whenever I go 
to book club, me and my girlfriends
always end up talking 
about our moms.
Yeah, that's how book club
turned into wine club.
(audience laughing)
Now we just read the labels
on wine bottles.
Alcohol content, 12% ladies 
I think we have a best seller.
(audience laughing)
I will, I will tell you guys, 
I'll tell you guys.
I love my mom,
but I'm a daddy's girl.
(audience cheering)
That's why my favorite movie
is "Taken."
(audience laughing)
Look, every girl wants to believe
that if she gets kidnapped
her dad is gonna come for her.
And I believe that, 
I believe if I got kidnapped
my dad would come for me, 
but my dad is 84.
(audience laughing)
It's gonna take awhile.
(audience laughing)
He's gonna have to look 
for his glasses.
(audience laughing)
Find his car keys.
He's gonna be clipping coupons
trying to get a deal for me.
(audience laughing)
'Cause my dad's a funny dude, man,
I took him to the doctor
and we walk in
and I'm like, Daddy, we have been 
in every department here
except OB-GYN.
And he goes, "I know, 
"take me there maybe I'll get lucky."
(audience laughing)
(audience laughing)
I took him to Burger King, 
you know 'cause he had coupons.
He got his food, 
but his change
was short by a penny.
Yeah, yeah, you can't
short change old people.
(audience laughing)
'Cause my dad is from 
that generation that can do math
(audience laughing)
in his head.
(audience laughing)
That's magic to me.
(audience laughing)
'Cause I'll be honest 
I'm not good at math.
But a lot of people aren't, right?
I was shopping the other day
and I got to the register
and my bill came to $8 and 50 cents.
I gave the cashier $10 she rang it in.
I then found and gave her
50 cents and she froze.
(audience laughing)
She stood so still for so long,
I thought we were playing freeze tag
and nobody told me.
(audience laughing)
Finally, she said, 
"I don't know how much
"to give you back."
I said, $10.
(audience laughing)
'Cause I'm not good at math.
(audience laughing)
But I know, I know at, 
at this stage, in our lives together
I just gotta,
I gotta buckle up and ride it out.
'Cause longevity runs in my family.
My grandma, my Nana, 
she lived to be 99.
Yeah, but 99 doesn't seem
like a real age, does it?
That's more like 
how many bottles of beer
on the wall you start out with.
(audience laughing)
I mean, you know you're old 
when your age
is a really good test score.
(audience laughing)
If you're over a hundred,
that's extra credit.
(audience laughing)
Now my family, my family, 
we age really well physically.
Unfortunately the mind goes.
Yes sexy and senile is
not a good combination.
(audience laughing)
I asked my grandfather one time, 
I was like, Grandpa,
you still think about women?
And he was like, "Oh yeah
(audience laughing)
"but I forget why."
(audience laughing)
You know I've also, I've also learned
that when you are 
taking care of people
it's very important that you
take care of yourself too.
So I joined a gym.
(audience cheering)
Thank you, I'm ready to quit.
(audience laughing)
But you know what?
Imma hold out 'til
Martin Luther King day
'cause I have a dream.
(audience laughing)
My trainer, my trainer told me
that walking is good exercise
because you can do it anywhere.
No, you can't, in my neighborhood 
you start out walking,
end up running.
(audience laughing)
But listen, life is short
you should do what you love.
And I love dancing,
that's what I love doing.
That's so that's why I go to Zumba.
Oh, thank you I love Zumba.
Zumba is like going clubbing
in comfortable shoes.
(audience laughing)
Here's the thing, here's the thing.
Have you ever seen that woman 
in Zumba class
who takes it way too seriously?
(audience laughing)
You know, she knows every move.
She's just waiting 
for the instructor to drop dead
'cause that's gonna be her moment.
(audience laughing)
That's me.
(audience cheering)
What I really love about Zumba class
is that anybody can come, 
anybody can do it.
Well, almost anybody, 
almost anybody.
We had a woman show up 
to Zumba class and she was
seven months pregnant.
And I was like, 
she better not have that baby
on a good song.
(audience laughing)
My favorite person in Zumba class
is that woman who is always
off beat.
(audience laughing)
It's fascinating.
(audience laughing)
It's like the signals
from her brain to her feet
are using an outdated
version of Google maps.
(audience laughing)
You know, we go left she goes right,
she goes right, we go left.
Is she ahead is she behind?
I don't know now it's
a time travel question.
(audience laughing)
But she really is my
favorite person in class, okay.
'Cause come on 
she knows she's off beat,
but she shows up anyway.
Showing up is half the battle in life.
(audience cheering)
So I love this woman,
I support this woman.
I just can't look at this woman.
(audience laughing)
because she is the
Medusa of dancing.
(audience laughing)
I mean one look and I'm done
'til the next song like,
Ha, oh, 
is that a baby?
(audience laughing)
Now, now
when you are working out,
you have to be very careful,
everybody, because apparently 
working out
is the slippery slope to eating right.
(audience laughing)
And it's hard to do now, right?
'Cause everything's gotta be organic,
gluten free, registered to vote.
(audience laughing)
My doctor, my doctor said,
"No alcohol, no caffeine
"no fatty foods."
I said, No copay.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
I'm not paying to hear heresy.
(audience laughing)
But now, you know, 
it's not just your physical health.
You also have to take care
of your mental health, right?
Last year, last year
I invited my therapist over
for Thanksgiving dinner,
you know, so she could see
what I'm working with and . . .
(audience laughing)
She's in therapy now.
(audience laughing)
I'm looking for a new person, 
but it's hard
'cause therapy's expensive, isn't it?
I went to one guy 
he wanted to charge me
$150 an hour to talk.
(audience laughing)
I said, Sir, I can talk to the voices
in my head for free.
(audience laughing)
But I do think that 
we all could benefit
from a little bit of therapy, right?
'Cause it seems especially now
everybody is angry
all the time, right?
Which is really disheartening
because black women 
we were angry first.
(audience laughing)
Come on, you guys.
(audience laughing)
My grandmother, my grandmother
got into an argument
with her cousin and 
they didn't speak for 50 years
and I'm like, you know what, Nana?
Whatever happened on the
Amistad really shoulda . . .
(audience laughing)
Thank you for reading 
the syllabus before the show,
thank you,
thank you very much.
(audience laughing)
But see that's why, 
that's why I'm trying to do better.
I wanna be a better person.
I'm always working on it.
Like, I read that when
you're having an argument
with someone, you're supposed
to stop and ask yourself,
would you rather be right
or would you rather be happy?
(sighs)
(audience laughing)
What if being right
makes you happy?
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
That's why love is hard, man.
Love is very hard.
You know, I will tell you,
I was in a long-term relationship
but he didn't, 
he didn't pop the question.
Yeah, Instead he asked me
how I felt
about having an open marriage.
And I was like, 
well, that depends on how you feel
about having an open casket.
(audience cheering)
I just, I didn't realize
how difficult dating was
until I saw this documentary
about women who are 
dating men in prison.
Yeah, I don't know 
what these ladies are thinking
like, "Well he may not be
"coming home to me
"but at least I know where he is."
(audience laughing)
They had one woman on there
who married a serial killer.
Now maybe my standards
are a little too high.
(audience laughing)
But murder's a deal breaker for me.
(audience laughing)
'Cause here's the thing,
at some point
during our relationship
you're gonna feel like killing me.
(audience laughing)
I need to know that 
you can resist that urge.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
Now when you're dating, 
I think it's very important
to be careful of your language.
Like I hear women say all the time,
"Oh there're no good men out there,"
that's not true.
I was walking 
across the street one time.
I didn't see this car
speeding towards me.
This man, he reached out
and he pulled me back
and he was like,
"I can't let somebody
"pretty as you get hurt."
(audience laughing)
I was like, Oh man, 
if I was ugly, I'd be dead.
(audience laughing)
You know, a bad hair day 
and no makeup,
he'd have shoved me 
in front of the car.
(audience laughing)
That's why I try to dress nice
you guys, this isn't vanity.
This is safety.
(audience laughing)
But this is a,
this is just so wonderful,
you know, I, there's just so much,
so much stress in the world,
I don't know if you saw
or heard the statistic.
The number one killer
in the United States right now
is stress.
The number two killer is
a dude on my block named Quan.
(audience laughing)
Actually I'm sorry, 
I'm sorry, It's Killer Quan,
'cause you know, Instagram,
follow him before he follows you.
(audience laughing)
I think, I think the most
important thing I've learned
at least about
romantic relationships
is that they all need the three Cs.
They need three things, chemistry,
compatibility,
and commitment, right?
And you need all three.
Because if you just have chemistry,
you just have attraction.
If you just have compatibility,
you just have a friend.
If you have commitment, 
you got a stalker.
(audience laughing)
I mean, if that's what you're into.
(audience laughing)
But none of that matters.
If you don't have
communication, right?
You have to talk to your partner.
They did a study and
they found that married women
who force themselves
to stay quiet during arguments
are four times more likely
to die early.
That's how I know Imma
live forever.
(audience laughing)
I even argue in my sleep,
And another thing.
(audience laughing)
That's why it's just it's
so it's so important.
We really need a good sense 
of humor to get through life.
As a matter of fact,
and I think it's a theme.
You heard it earlier.
If you really want to live
a stress free, happy life
you have to do three things.
You have to work like
you don't need the money.
Love, like you've never been hurt
and dance like nobody's watching.
(audience applauding)
That's, that's easier
said than done, isn't it?
'Cause I think most of us work
like we're deep in debt,
love like we're lonely and desperate
and dance like we're
having a seizure.
(audience laughing)
But I really do, I really do believe
that humor makes people happy
and happiness gives us hope
and my hope is that 
if we can laugh together
we can live together, right?
Now, maybe, maybe not
in this neighborhood, specifically.
(audience laughing)
Don't tighten up on me now,
don't tighten up on me now.
(audience laughing)
'Cause I've actually been
treated very well here.
I've had a really, really good time.
And if you guys have enjoyed me,
my name is Leighann,
Leighann Lord.
If you have not enjoyed me tonight
my name is Jada Pinkett Smith.
(audience cheering)
So we've been married 20 years.
20 years.
We are so different, so different.
And whenever I tell people that,
they always try to make me feel better.
That's why I'm so proud that
we've made it for so long.
'Cause everybody says, 
"Well you know opposites attract.
"Opposites attract."
And I started thinking about it, 
it's kind of true, right?
Right?
I was thinking, like wow.
Like he's an introvert.
I'm an extrovert.
He's a vegetarian.
I'm a lesbian.
(audience laughing)
Surprise!
(audience laughing)
I'm kidding.
I'm glad you guys laughed at that.
I am not a lesbian.
I'm not a lesbian.
I wish I was though.
I do, I do.
Because I would totally have
my own talk show by now.
(audience cheering)
Right?
(audience laughing)
Rosie, Ellen, Frances.
It would be great.
It would be great.
But anyways,
I'm just saying that to be goofy.
I am saying that to be goofy.
But to be honest,
sometimes I feel like I work in Hollywood
and I don't blend in.
'Cause I feel like
I'm not a cool, modern, mom.
I'm actually quite traditional.
Like I mention, I'm married,
I have two little boys.
The weird part is I had my kids 
after I got married.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
I know.
(audience laughing)
You guys applaud but 
we're the only ones in this room.
(audience laughing)
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I did.
So I had my kids after I got married.
Here's the really embarrassing part
is I got pregnant
by my own husband.
That is so out of style, anyways.
(audience laughing)
They think I'm a freak in Hollywood.
They're like, "Ewe!"
(audience laughing)
I'm kidding.
I'm being sarcastic.
I think it's fantastic.
So I have two boys.
I had my boys back to back,
which freaked me out,
'cause I didn't even know 
you could get pregnant that way.
(audience laughing)
Bam, bam, baby!
Who knew?
Who knew?
I was just trying to keep it fresh, 
trying to keep it fun,
and then bam, baby!
I had no idea.
I'm that clueless.
I'm that clueless.
But I will tell you what I did know.
And I figured this out real fast.
When you have a baby and
then you get pregnant
like a month later,
no one says congratulations.
(audience laughing)
They don't.
They look at you and they're like,
"Get cable," right?
(audience laughing)
Calm it down, girl.
Calm it down.
(audience laughing)
Jeez, are you kidding me?
Are you kidding?
I've been married 20 years.
20 years.
I love my guy.
He is still hot and beautiful to me, 
but the thing is,
things do change, they change.
Anybody been married as long as me?
Anybody in there longer?
Yay!
How many for you guys?
How many?
- [Woman] 20.
- Wow good for you, very nice.
Things have changed a little bit, haven't they?
- [Woman] Yes.
- Yes, you love this guy, though right?
- [Woman] Yes.
- Very good.
(audience laughing)
Just disregard the pregnant pause right there.
Just that little hesitation was just a glitch.
She was swallowing water.
Anyways, and what about you guys?
How long have you been married?
- [Woman] Almost 31.
- Almost 31, fantastic.
Look it, and he.
This is a sign of man 
that's been married 31 years.
Look it, you don't even make sounds.
Look it, you just, you, just,
you're just staring at me
like I'm speaking Chinese.
I was supposed to go to college I was
supposed got accepted into NYU and
everything I got accepted to NYU and I
was going to be a big student there and
everything I cannot being straight A's
and stuff and then they had told me how
much I had to pay a semester and I was
like oh no that's I don't know how I get
that kind of money every semester that's
a lot of dicks to such I don't know if I
want to learn that going I don't want to
learn that hard I really don't I don't
want to be on my back like that or not
being right that's not worth it I don't
think education is that important for me
to know definitely not going to be on
those trips upon my knees is bad I think
I don't want to learn I'm good I mean
YouTube had came out and I was like [ __ ]
you know I'm gonna go to youtube
University everything you need to know
everything you need to know is right
there on YouTube there is no excuse but
you should say I don't know how to do
this because you can just type it into
YouTube and it will show you how to do
it like I'm a mechanic now because of
YouTube y'all I'm a licensed therapist
I'm an ordained minister because of you
- I am a Reiki healer now I also can
make red-bottom shoes but you can't walk
that far in them because they turn into
brown bottom I can build a house from
the ground up I'm a processor now I can
do everything I know how to make hair
off the back of like hairy dogs I can't
do anything because of you - I think
it's the most awesome thing in the world
with allies like online hi I don't know
how you don't know how to make bread
[ __ ] gonna do please all you needed
some yeast in some flour take your
panties off with your dirty ass
everybody my name is Marcela and I'm
with the last factory production crew if
you like that clip you just saw please
like it and also subscribe to our page
if you're social and you won't leave a
comment do that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
we're not going to school today mother
were sick so I have two grown kids now
my kids are 35 and 33 years old I love
the fact that they're doing well I feel
very blessed and honored to have these
kids in my life I'm having to navigate
new waters you know how do I talk to
them now how do I ask them for money
[Music]
it's not that I need it it's just that
they took from me for so many years
right yeah yeah I call it a lunch or
dinner with them and I just wait when
the check comes out it's uncomfortable
for us all
so much fun I had my mother's curse now
the mother's curse is someday you'll
have a child just like you who and he
received the mother's curse someday yeah
and you will if you haven't you will
it's a very powerful tool my mother
started give me the mothers curse when I
turned 13 it was day in day out it was
constant she would just see me Oh
someday someday you'll know what you put
me through she didn't stop she started
when I was 13 and she didn't stop giving
me the curse until I left home at 14 it
was just non-stop so I had these kids
and I had a child just like me she even
looks just like me and I'm thinking okay
this is crazy
because we don't get along it was insane
we had to go to therapy
it was horrible therapists you know
given us all these things didn't work
nothing worked I don't know what it is
but when your kids turn into teenagers
Satan moves into the house that's what
happens I go to wake up my kids in the
morning I'd open up door and go girls
get up it's time to go to school and I'd
hear five more minutes wait five more
minutes turn off the light the lighter
we're not going to school today mother
were sick where my beautiful little girl
teenagers are like cats that come into
your house I'm lay around on dirty
clothes they look at you like what the
heck are you doing here you know what if
you don't feed cats they go to somebody
else's house teenagers do the same thing
what's for dinner tonight
nothing mochi I'm just gonna stay here
okay I want you to know if you let that
go on too long it's a felony
they actually my monster drinks are
marketed to teenagers why do they need
extra energy what is up with that
do they need extra energy to shift on
the couch yeah look for the remote so I
have this kid who's just like me and I
just I said I gave up I gave up even
Turner to clean her room it was horrible
I just got to the point where I push
open the door and put my head out and go
and then shut the door
she was just roll right
therapist told us to communicate as best
we could
so this this child has five of her
friends over look at friends blithering
around on her dirty clothes in her dirty
room and I'm thinking you know what this
is the day she's 15 at the time I said
I'm gonna do it I am gonna give her the
curse I am gonna give her the mother's
curse woman do it once so I went into my
room and I put on my purple fairy outfit
which I keep for other reasons and but
it's really nice it's got big wings
sweet is sweet I had some glitter and I
had I had the scepter thing you know so
I shove open her door and I go in her
room I start throwing glitter around her
friends are like oh hey miss curly
Shannon your mum's a purple fairy and
she's playing guitar on her bed and I
took the scepter and I pointed it right
at her but I aimed it towards her
ovaries as best I could
and I said someday you'll have a child
just like you and you'll know all the
help I made ro and I ran out
[Applause]
she just got married it's been married a
year and they're talking about their
first baby they want to get pregnant and
I'm so excited because it's gonna happen
the curse is real people it's real she's
gonna be calling me up someday mom you
know what this child is driving me crazy
I'm really are you nothing but see how I
brought that around an tm8 no okay
I'm Kim Curley I'm from San Antonio
Texas everybody says girl I used to be a
teacher in San Antonio Texas I used to
teach eighth-grade English
that's 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 and 20
year-olds a great time
kids these days I think they're getting
smarter they're a little different
they're getting smarter but you know
what take away their calculators they
can't do math when did math become magic
people I went to the store and I bought
something with cash it was seven dollars
and 53 cents so I gave him a twenty two
ones and 53 cents the kid goes you
giving me too much money he's giving it
back he got kind of indignant giving me
back the money he take this two dollars
I don't need it and I said put it in
your machine and watch what happens when
he did he looked at me like this I felt
like Criss Angel's mother I just wanted
to levitate and float away
those of you who don't know what I got I
got $15 even back that's what I did
don't get out your calculators put them
back I'm also a counselor I'm a stand-up
comic and a counselor does that not
scream I have issues doesn't it it's
there I don't licensed therapist you can
see me after the show if you want to
talk about stuff we can do that I got my
degree in counseling because it was a
whole lot cheaper than therapy
I was getting better at it than the
therapist so they started asking me a
bunch of questions how did you deal with
that well I did this oh my gosh that's
great I know I know
I enjoy my neighbor have a really nice
neighborhood but yesterday we did our
recycling and everybody takes out the
recycling bins and my my neighbor to the
right of me she's bragging all the time
about how her recycle was so much bigger
than everybody else's she goes I'm an
aggressive recycler I'm green I'm an
aggressive recycler and I'm going you
know you're just a heavy drinker
she went out with this guy and he was in
our neighborhood he came over and talked
me about he goes my goodness hey I'm
telling you a hundred dollars into the
date she's not even slurring her words I
asked her what are you a German swimmer
I mean what she is so that's pretty cool
I love college I want to go back to
college I got my Master's I really want
my doctorate I just want to keep I love
it but it's so expensive I have a new
hero her name is Amy Creighton this
woman is 89 years old and just graduated
with their bachelor's degree 89 yeah
they asked her what are you gonna do now
Amy and she said what you are Amy did
she borrowed more money and she's going
for a master's degree good for you Amy
you know what you may not have to pay
back the student loans I'd do the same
thing just rack them all up yeah I'll
take the full amount government Amy
so I'm married I've been married very
long thank you it's a big decision when
he moved in and he's laying next to me I
had that thought Oh crumb he's here I
wonder what he's gonna go home you're
kind of stuck with each other that's a
big decision he has sleep apnea though
every now and then he quits breathing
and I'm thinking well that might be my
out
ah he's a nice guy I love this guy he's
great of course they love him right now
so I think romance is real important in
a relationship
on an average day if you've been married
for a while let me hear from my married
folks who's married in the house tonight
[Applause]
there we are
anybody dating on a date night right now
Oh
[Applause]
notice the married people didn't clap
along with that listen married people if
you get showered and and you put clothes
on that are kind of nice call it a date
if you're gone at the grocery store and
you put on good shoes you know whatever
called thing you can date too you can be
just as happy as those people
on an average day for the married couple
been married for a while a man speaks
about 2,000 words a woman speaks about
eight yeah
now when you're dating and we heard the
exuberance there on the men increase
what they say to us 12,000 words during
the dating process men speak to us in a
day
women have to we have to accommodate
that we go down to five twelve thousand
to fine you men oh my goodness
talk dog dog dog dog you get married mm
that's right cuz you're being romantic
is the romantic phase and romance is
very important isn't it yes yes I love
romance
I love Romeo and Juliet that's one of
the most romantic plays even though they
die at the end they sit some pretty cool
stuff to each other the first time Romi
home oh let me let me let me just
backtrack for a second I knew that in my
relationship right now the romance was
pretty much gonna have to be worked on
when I heard this hey Kim I just caught
one I can't even stand the smell of this
one myself
you better open up some windows cuz it's
pretty bad and come in here and smell it
cuz I think I'm sick
[Laughter]
far knowledge is not gonna come in there
and smell it
we're in our 50s and had hot dogs the
night before maybe that's it
no romance at that point that's awful
Romeo Angela so so Romeo sees Juliet at
a party and he says to his friends and
it was a masquerade party Caesar he says
to his friends did my heart love until
now I swear for sight I near saw true
beauty until this night she comes out on
a balcony says but soft what light
through yonder window breaks is the east
and Juliet is the Sun my life would this
man is more like this Romeo Romeo
wherefore thou now Romeo
I see it them not yet
smell it foul in every chamber for thou
dost wreak Romeo in Ephraim you were to
have that happen I think he would say
something like this but soft a win from
Down Under doth break
come help me create a gentle breeze from
the east for the smell is offensive even
unto me ladies and gentlemen the lowest
form of comedy is the fart joke the
highest form of theatrical performance
is Shakespeare and they collided in
front of you tonight right yeah
yeah my eight-year-old grandson loves
that Joe he doesn't know anything about
Romeo and Juliet but hearing grandma say
fart is so much fun he's not allowed to
say it right now cuz he overused it you
think little boys who are ade that's so
fun I met my man online did the online
dating thing I loved online dating I
thought it was great
I feel judgment I love sitting in my
room at night going shopping for a man
is that not just the best I love that
it's how I shopped for all of my
Christmas presents too so this is a new
thing it's awesome so I think that one
man wrote a profile and every man has
copied that first guy's profile cuz
they're all pretty much the same I want
a woman who can go from evening wear to
blue jeans they all say that we can
change our clothes guys I don't know if
you knew that we can I want a woman who
likes to travel but I don't want a woman
with baggage I know that's a stupid
thing to put together people but that's
what they say how can I travel if I
don't have baggage go with me on this
truth is we all have baggage we all have
baggage I'm down to a carry-on thank you
what a strange thing to get applause for
counselor you're crazy and you're dumb
do it carry on yes I am I know it's in
there sometimes I take stuff out put new
stuff in there I got it under control we
all have baggage though every one of us
four human beings are not perfect you
know men have baggage they just don't
like to admit they have baggage it's
just that they have space bags you've
seen the space bags commercial where
it's like all this stuff and you suck
the emotion out of it
and you're down with little thin crispy
wafers that you don't dare break open
while you're driving in the car and
someone pulls out in front of you
where'd you get your license yeah really
cool thing they did I think they spent
like two hundred fifty thousand dollars
on this survey they sent a survey on how
many times a day
men and women nag at each other what how
many how many times a day do you think a
woman in her neck said her husband
anybody want to throw out a number I
y'all were laughs and Mart that guy then
what'd he say no
no one has it gasps how many times does
a woman nag oh this is date night
married night no one wants to say I'm
not gonna sprinkle word okay you're not
gonna play along are you
it's three three not a bad number most
ladies are going really that's pretty
good how many times a day do you think a
man nags that face two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars survey he found out who
said that you're absolutely correct sir
it's zero two hundred fifty thousand
dollars and it's like men dorne you know
who did that guy over there did the
study maybe that guy in that guy with
the beard in the hand they're like 80 ok
we'll do it we're gonna watch a couple
they put you in between this mirror and
you just watched him all day it's like
what'd she just say to him she said take
out the trash from what a nagging woman
he told her to do the dishes but that is
so cool well it's a good suggestion
they've been sitting there all day not
fair not fair oh gosh the other day we
were driving by a blockbuster old
blockbuster building that you could tell
it was a blockbuster building
tumbleweeds are going by it's so sad and
my husband says man I wonder what's next
I wonder what's gonna be obsolete next
so many changes in our society and all
of a sudden Siri answered people you
know it's obsolete screen doors are
obsolete no one builds a house and say
make sure you put that nice wooden
screen door on the front oh we don't put
screen doors we don't open our front
door and let people see in that's scary
no one even comes over to our house
anymore unless they're cool they have to
let you know they're coming no one just
stops by even the FedEx guy knows it's a
dangerous thing when they come up and
ring the doorbell you ever notice how
fast they run like a little
I don't know about you but with someone
reasonable bells like get it done
towards coming over screen doors I
remember when I was growing up at the
screen door we'd go to bed at night my
mom would go did you lock the screen
door we had that little lever yes it's
locked
we're safe from all evil brains come
right through one time we had we we
brought old pictures into one of the
classes I was teaching in and I had a
picture of me on the telephone you know
and they were all laughing home it's
currently your fungus attached to the
wall well you know that's why he brought
it inks I want him to see it cuz I
thought it was pretty cool you know
member running to the phone and you
didn't we had to go to the bathroom you
dangled it and you went to the bathroom
why had a friend who had a phone on the
wall but she had a 50 foot cord and I
used to be so jealous I thought they
were rich she could guess where I am
right now I go I don't know where are
you she says in the bathroom that is so
cool
you're rich so I'm 57 years old and I
wear this dress
tonight because I'm 57 years old might
deserve it and yeah I'm shiny I
have on glittery eye it's awesome I'm
just so excited bout this so the thing
is I think I have it going on for 57 you
know men are still looking at me they're
all over 75 but they're taking a good
look so menopause was tough oh my god
I've been taking hormones for 12 years
you know why I've been taking hormones
for 12 years for the safety of others
that's why I'm taking for now I don't
want me to go off those things I knew I
was going through menopause when I had
my nails done one day and so I picked
the mood nail polish I thought that was
really cool cuz it changes colors with
your mood I grew up when mood rings were
awesome you know yay I wanted that done
so I got it done three hours later I'm
walking with my sister and she goes oh
look at your hands let's see what color
I looked at my fingers every finger on
it was a different color every single
one was a different color oh my god I
don't even know how I feel
what's happening to me I didn't have
biofeedback back then I didn't know what
to do you know it is like this it was
horrible
hot flashes the worst thing ever hot
flashes I wish hot flashes burned
calories when a womans and they're
sweating us like Oh God love her they
don't they don't burn calories if they
did I'd be much more covergirl than dove
girl that's all I'm saying
yeah I burn as many calories in a day as
a 16 year old boy does sneezing that's
how bad it is at this age it's like ooh
I my gosh shut up
where are you looking at me like that
because I'm having water for lunch yep
you know the thing about hot flashes too
is that I started menopause and the hot
flashes are really bad and I was
thinking at that point
that's the reason why women don't have
babies after menopause because the eggs
that we did have left were pretty much
hard-boiled at the first hot flash
over done so I wrote a song about it and
we're gonna sing it together cuz y'all
are a fun group tonight
it's called estrogen and it's sung to
the tune of yesterday by Paul McCartney
you'll know your part right guys you
know that song everybody knows this song
so you'll know your partner you were to
do this with me yes yeah fun crowd
that's why we're gonna go out after this
okay here we go
estrogen my ovaries make it only now and
then look I'm getting grandma's bearded
double chin oh I believe extra Jen yeah
all right
suddenly I am twice the girl I used to
be I don't want a hysterectomy or
hormone replacement therapy why do I
sweat in my sleep have weird dreams I
couldn't say I say lots of things wrong
now I long for a stretch a
estrogen yeah my ovaries make it only
now and then and I am getting a hot
flash again big emotional ending oh I
believe in estrogen this guy in the
front like I don't want to sing this
song about your ovaries is making me
uncomfortable you have a mother now you
know what she's going through
singer that song and put her to bed oh I
believe that's tragic yeah you know in
marriage this is another story they came
I know I said counselor I really am and
you know I'm all about getting life
right I want to get life right I want to
be happy I want these things I want
these things for everybody and I have
friends who tell me everything I had a
friend that just came to me and she says
oh my gosh I just got engaged and it was
the worst proposal ever her boyfriend
now fiance because she said yes brought
in a bag put it on the kitchen counter
and said there you go yeah she took it
out and it's a beautiful beautiful
engagement ring it's gorgeous
so she looked at him and she said will
you at least ask me and she handed him
the ring he took the ring held it
towards her and he says do you promise
not to change see the guys are all
thinking well that's pretty much what I
see him
and in seis men don't want us to change
but the truth is ladies we change every
five minutes work different person
that's the way we are it's great it's
fun and go with the flow and you know
the other truth is is that the one thing
women want and their man is for them to
change but men don't change they stay
the same
you're not gonna change them how many
times did your mother tell you that
ladies now you're not gonna change them
cuz she tried the words of wisdom there
are men here tonight still wearing
clothes from junior high come on you
know that's true I go in my husband's
closet and I take stuff out and he
doesn't even know I got rid of it for
months he doesn't even know but it had
to go hey weren't that yellow shirt go
got in high school where is it I asked
my favorite I don't know
they say that it takes 26 years into the
marriage before you finally feel true
joy true love and true contentment 26
years yes swallow that one people huh I
had you I'm newly weds 57 I'm never
gonna feel of joy and contentment if I
do it's gonna be on my deathbed isn't it
I love you so much
take that with me to heaven we're so
different you know you know the
menopausal brain for a female we become
more logical after it's all done you
know our our corpus callosum gets a
little burn up you know we're just we're
done with all that there are shoe our
superhighway Gaiden goes away we get
more we were more like men we become
more like men we're not very nice pretty
much to the boss far
and then their testosterone levels
decrease as you get older and you get
nicer I think there's a Benjamin Button
moment that happens sometime in a
relationship we are kind of sitting
across from each other it's like you
finally like wow this is a great moment
then it's over then you know you know it
happens you go to the store go to
Walmart watch the old men and old women
old man's like wanting to talk to the
children hey no you could hear some kick
the woman's going to stop it you're
making a fool of yourself
I hate her
so I occasionally go on diets I ride a
bike I'm a road cyclist I ride a bike I
just wrote a hundred miles in October
thank you very much lived through that
one
yeah helps keep the weight off I know I
know it's time to diet when I have the
chub-rub thing happening between my legs
you know put on a pair of spandex go for
a run don't sit and dry grass after a
short run like that for fear of fire I'm
Italian I'm Irish I like to eat and when
I had my first baby I gained 70 pounds
with her listen to the judge hohoho yeah
I lost it a long time ago but it was
horrible when she was born because I had
this child and I asked is she okay yes
she's fine
everything looks good yay well how much
does she weigh and she turns around she
goes oh she's so healthy she's beautiful
she's six pounds three ounces six pounds
three ounces oh my god I started to cry
I'm like cut me open
there's got to be like four in there
are you sure she was it
she's always model sees real little
she's so little
I have a friend well she's not really a
friend she's not she was for a while but
she's small and she would always say oh
I can't eat any more of this salad
because I'm so little anybody have a
friend like that like I'm like hi I'm
I'm Godzilla right okay
she would always she would attribute all
the wonderful things that she did to
being little I did all of my Christmas
shopping because I'm so little in July I
did my taxes early because I'm so little
I'm surprised you can even see me
because I'm so little I don't anymore
blocked her
if I could turn back time if I could
find don't worry ladies and gentlemen
Barbara Streisand
thank you so much I would sure I know
that far the joke it's not over yet
Barbra Streisand needs to come back with
a really cool tour I love Barbra
Streisand which did a star is born in
the 70s I want her to do rock and roll
again and I think Barbra Streisand needs
to do a tour across America like Barbra
Streisand sings Pink Floyd's the wall
hello hello hello is there anybody out
there solid you can see me is there
anyone at home how can you putting if
you don't each of me
thank you Barbra Streisand sees Pink
Floyd impersonation that everyone can do
everyone can do this do this and I'm
telling you you're gonna be the hit
Arnold Schwarzenegger is the easiest
impersonation right get out of you shut
up right Arnold Schwarzenegger singing
children's songs the wheels on the bus
go round and round that's all they do is
go round down
you don't know where the wheels are
taking you
[Applause]
you can see Christmas carols Rudolph the
Red Nosed Reindeer
shoot'em when I was teaching eighth
grade one year the kids all knew I could
do some impersonations they're not great
but you know hey when you're when you're
12 that's awesome
teacher so cool so that kid walks up he
goes
miss curly we've all talked about it and
if we pass this test and all of us get
a's on the test will you teach an entire
class in droopy dog voice those little
kids did it I had to stay that was the
hardest 55 minutes of my life I was
teaching double negatives which is
perfect for droopy dog and those of you
don't know droopy dog check him out
later I'm pretty much gonna nail droopy
dog cuz I did fifty five minutes of
droopy dog one day it was like Lukie so
if you say two things they're negative
it's really a positive
you need to sit down I said sit down I
don't have an end to this at all y'all
been fun thank you so much for
everything has been great had a good
time tonight so earlier I was an army
wife so I have to ask where the veterans
in the house tonight where our veterans
know got clap-clap-clap they're quite a
few quite a few let's hear it for our
veterans in the house tonight
[Applause]
they would much rather have dollars
thrown at them than a pause yes exactly
here you go honey here's a 50 God that's
what they need because I remember how we
were so important see I'm married this
guy say you marry somebody like your dad
my dad was a Army veteran 30 years in
the Army he went to Vietnam four times
all of which were voluntary right we
used to take turns waking up my mom
would say Kim go wake up your daddy
honey but remember don't touch him I
know I just got to a point where I fling
open the door and go ahead and I rot
I'm getting the car he'd already be
there oh gosh daddy are you a ninja yes
he was it's amazing guy
yeah so he we live it was he wasn't he
nothing we lived on this post and Fort
silly Oklahoma they always put the
military bases in the most beautiful
parts of the country there goes my
endorsement for Oklahoma sorry about
that
but my daughter was born Fort Sill
Oklahoma I was pregnant when I was there
we we were so poor I would drive around
the base and sometimes just sit in front
of the generals big old beautiful house
and just imagine what they had inside I
don't know Heat
meat just groceries in general it was a
tough time yeah we drove what I called
the pentecostal putt-putt it was an old
Dodge Dart
we call it the penne pasta pentecostal
putt-putt
we called it Lazarus because we knew
divine intervention was helping this car
start every single time we were so poor
we couldn't afford to fix it I've been
broke down it was like please just that
car ran on prayer it was great
so I'm eight and a half months pregnant
and I'm living in Fort Sill Oklahoma and
it was a tough time but it was a good
time you know
we're on Forsett we're on base it for
style I took my girlfriend who lived
next door to me and we were gonna go to
the commissary and get some groceries to
share pretty much so she was she was
sitting there and I'm eight in half
months pregnant and I'm in the I'm in
the Dodge Dart Pentecostal putt-putt
lazar and I stopped at a red light and
two soldiers are right there they're
probably as close as you guys are to me
and I'm in the car and the guy looks at
me he does that that's teenager for who
so I was 26 at the time so I was kind of
I was pretty I'm sitting there
hey goes where have you been all my life
and my girlfriend goes oh my gosh he
would just die and I was already getting
out of the car I got out of the car went
where have you been for last
[Music]
the guy that was didn't with me took two
steps away and goes dude
you knew her the guy was like I bet he
never did that again y'all been great
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I've listened a lot of classic music I
like like old Judy Garland and yellow
when she was older when she sang because
at that point in her life she sound like
she was in a car off-roading that's why
I like her I don't like too many singers
today you know Chris Daniel era - shut
up shut that mouth cuz over doesn't you
know the whole Oh Oh like too much your
songs and we forget what song she's
singing she's saying the star-spangled
banner' lie of you and I feel bad for
the crowd is there like oh I sing a lot
oh no you can't sing along that that
anthem loss a
everywhere you look everywhere that's a
hot she did that as a kid too and I was
like oh man I don't want to be in
kindergarten class you know when they're
learning the alphabet now close together
ABC
[Applause]
sometimes I get put when I get put on
the road I get put in situations where I
don't feel comfortable and I don't mean
a bad situation I grew up in a trailer
park in Missouri for heaven's sake I can
deal with bad situations but sometimes I
get put in a really really great
situation and I don't know how to deal
with it like a top-of-the-line five-star
hotel I'm not a top-of-the-line
five-star hotel kind of guy I'm a guy
that wears a jacket on states only have
to iron this part of my shirt
[Applause]
I don't like it you know what the
top-of-the-line five-star hotel doesn't
have the complimentary breakfast
I need the complimentary breakfast I
don't care about the thread count on
your pillowcases I want some free
waffles I love free I love a free hotel
breakfast so much sometimes I'll have
one at a hotel I didn't stay that is not
a joke
so here in my store I'm doing on
corporate shows for Pepsi in Chicago a
really really good gig and I pull up to
the hotels like part of the old
architectural part of downtown Chicago
and I'm looking at this wondrous
building I'm like oh man I am NOT gonna
fit in this place at all as I'm staying
at the door to my truck opens as I'm
turning out the corner of my eye I see
somebody start to get in so just out a
reaction I just turn and shove this guy
and it kind of stumbles backwards like
dude what are you doing we said sir I'm
your valet it's like oh but in my
defense I don't drive the kind of
vehicle that you typically valet
I Drive the kind of vehicle before
somebody else gets any you need to start
explaining things about it
if anybody else ever had this you know
you have to give them that speech
because you don't want anybody hurt
but you really don't want to admit what
kind of deathtrap you're willing to
drive on a daily basis
you're gonna Park this yes sir um okay
just so you know probably won't even
happen
but occasionally if you make a really
sharp left-handed turn and the defrost
switch is slid all the way to the right
the back wheel pops off
I'm not a mechanic
I think it's a wiring issue but I don't
know that you know sort of thing we just
find gets in shuts the door looms or
tries to shut the door but he's never
been in a vehicle before we're shutting
the door is more than a one step process
he's never been in that pull and lift
door shut that you have to lift the
exact correct second or your door both
you're early bug your legs screaming at
him like it's his fault my door won't
close so we end up getting his door
closed knees rattling it down the stream
like okay which way is it gonna go makes
that big sweeping left I'm like all
right dude you're on your own I don't
know I don't know how much clearer I
could have been about that
[Music]
go in and I tried check-ins like yeah
I'm comedian doing the show tonight she
said okay perfect she said your rooms
racy I just need a credit card
I said well Pepsi was supposed to take
care of my room said no Pepsi paid for
the room I just need your card for
incidentals
like oh okay I'm not gonna have any
she owes no that's just if you call down
and get room service you see you moving
on TV you want no I know what the word
means I'm just explaining I'm not gonna
have any of this this kind of looks
around making sure nobody's near leaves
across the counter schools let's kind of
just pretend what are you talking about
how about I pretend to hand you a car
you can make believe to swipe it if it
makes you feel better I guess
and I'll for real go to sleep say can
lock your room without a card on file
okay here's my card she runs she goes oh
I'm sorry was declined
my pretend charge just got rejected I'm
not a wealthy man I thought I could
afford free
snowblower machines would accept the car
saying do you take inspirational checks
[Applause]
so we don't charge the car but we put
him out of a hold on it and it wouldn't
accept that amount I said how much was
that amount she said seven hundred and
fifty dollars
say do you think our machines are
malfunctioning nope I think those were
working perfectly
I spent my card out quick didn't I was
watching I was a pretty good machines I
mean I didn't they ended up letting me
in my room which they did not have to do
very nice and they didn't have to do
that and all the years I've ever done
this I had never received a call on the
hotel phone it's kind of weird after a
few minutes my phone started ringing
peals like hello said yeah this is Becky
from downstairs I was just wondering how
your room looks have you never been up
here
you come up here look around if you want
it's alright I mean this that was $750
of no waffles but it's okay I guess she
goes I was just worried you had any
concerns I'm a little concerned your bat
lady's not gonna make it back guys I've
got to go you've been absolutely
fantastic hey did you know the Drybar
comedy has their own app downloaded
right now to watch save and share clips
and you can watch my whole special
I'm a little worried though that some of
like the passion of my relationship has
died off because he just called me bud
yeah I wish I was making this up
my stomach hurt and I groaned and he was
like hey how you feeling bud I was like
worse now that I became your son
apparently [ __ ] what hey it really
bothered me like I could not stop
thinking about this it just like it
haunted me so the next time that we had
sex right as he was about to finish I
whispered in his ear
who would blow
I've never seen somebody hate me before
[Applause]
good you guys can take that one home if
you want
I mean I don't wish that situation upon
your eyes
[Music]
my husband moved in to my house I bought
a house about was about eight years ago
because they were on sale clearance sale
on houses and I don't know if you ever
tried applying for a mortgage before but
it's very embarrassing I went into the
bank to talk to the lady and the lady
said something about credit and then I
was like oh I should get credit just for
coming in here it's a lot of work they
asked you so many questions like oh hey
did you happen to apply for a visa card
in 1999 down at the 7-eleven so you
could get half off on a salted nut roll
you can't lie it's a federal offense so
you have to be like cry I remember
getting a good deal on assault to not
roll one time
[Music]
and then you don't get a house that's
how it works yeah I know a lot about
finance guys I do my taxes quarterly so
like every four years
so Tim moves into my house and he's he's
so sweet he's trying to help and he
wants he wants to do something nice so
he says you know you need some security
fencing around this house so I was like
yeah great he leaves he comes back with
some latticework like what do you go to
jo-ann fabrics latticework what's your
name man
Debbie yours you look so sweet Debbie if
you're in a surly mood you could bound
right through some lattice of our
country
yeah Shiva did this she did this as if
you had already found it through some
lattice / thank you yeah not even much
motion you're like a nit latticework
ninja you just do a little down well I
think I agree it almost encourages ya
to wanna rob a place doesn't it you're
like oh that is work maybe they got some
craft projects in there or we could
steal Bob to bring your hot glue gun
we're gonna do a heist
yeah I brought hot glue gun but I gotta
plug it in so let the bullets melt
Bob should have sprung for the
battery-operated hot glue gun
you
I didn't lose a lot of weight last year
I was on Weight Watchers November last
year on Weight Watchers I lost like 25
pounds
hey now it's all back [ __ ] but the why
I gotta get back on the bandwagon again
Weight Watchers great company Oprah was
right that's wonderful but it's very
strict gotta go to a meeting every week
for what the verify fat on fat have
mirrors at home Cathy a lot of
accountability you gotta go to a meeting
and there's a weekly weigh-in your
weight in every week and the weigh-in is
always having weight loss centers where
the [ __ ] windows are right there and
all the cars pull up get on a scale and
then the weight loss leader lady yelled
like a scaler your mama come on the
whole goddamn room but then they get mad
at me is how I'm gonna get but make you
aware when you're at home are you
wearing a black dress and then I'm
jacket and fake lashes no if you want to
see a big naked Brown [ __ ] in the front
window put a scale in the back otherwise
areolas coming out everything on point
to why tomorrow [ __ ] there's no privacy
is how we do it at home and I lost a lot
of weight in the first two weeks red
chilli week when you decide you really
want to do and you don't cheat the
waiters falls off so in the first week I
was down like three pounds in two days
but I like I was an [ __ ] I thought it
was JLo I'm looking at Amazon for a body
suit I'm like [ __ ] you are not
different you look exactly the same
ladies all in your hands so I was a dick
to the guy that I was dating at the time
I was dating this really early exact guy
and my fat I mean huge a bus gigantic
man but he loved me I loved him it was
all cool but I became an [ __ ] to him
because I was like look I can't be out
there in the streets with a fat guy body
look at what's happening here I can't be
seen I can't be seen with a fat dude and
he was like yeah most fat dude but I
have a big dick and I pay them
everything what else do you need nothing
my bad sorry you do believe me you know
I'm crazy when I'm hungry
[Applause]
[Music]
let's just say the past year has been
interesting I got married so yay okay
let's all relax like you know
what marriage is it doesn't end well
like even when you're together it's like
what are we know it's interesting like I
appreciate I appreciate the applause but
like it is weird though anyone married
here married people here when you got
married did you guys like there are
people who are so excited for you you
were like a little creeped out like this
one girl she was like oh my god Amy I
heard the amazing news guide so awesome
how did you know girl how did you know
he was the one I was like uh when I was
32 and not married ha ha it's kind of
hips yeah you know they're how on a
puzzle pacing that goes into this it's
not like a world of whimsy it's just
kind of like a sad reality like have you
ever been to a wedding where like the
bride is wearing a tiara and you're like
I'm sorry what are you the princess of
giving up like what are we doing
are you the Kate Middleton of settling
calm the down
like you have a problem she's like it's
my big day and like it's your medium day
like relax idiot tool box saying
to someone say you a married person like
how did you know he was the one that's
like going up to a first-grader and
being like how did you know you wanted
up my little pony it's like when Britney
Ashley Jennifer and Jennifer's friend
got one okay like the horse isn't bad
grated just don't to be the only
without showing the brush you know what
I mean like that's kind of where I'm
coming from I don't know if that's a
soured reality I my husband's great I am
he's great um no it's fun I like being
married I really am I'm very like pro
marriage I think it's really great like
you really like you know you start to
like build a foundation that's tough
exciting but I'd be lying if I said I
don't like constantly think about
hooking up with other people and and I
just want to put if it's very normal
thing and I wish more people would talk
about it but you know what it's not that
the hooking up it's a very specific
thing that I crave it's not like the
touch the new person I don't give a
about that it fit when someone doesn't
love you such as someone in a hook-up
situation when they all love you they're
willing to take a risk you know what I
mean like my husband won't show up
because he like wants me to live or
whatever and that's like shocking basic
and irritating like I'm it's like the
hand coming up you know and they're like
oh my god is even in certain invisalign
and then it just stops at your neck and
you're like I just so much higher than
straight teeth and you're like take my
breath away like it's fun you know my
name is Marcela and I'm with the last
factory production crew if you like that
clip you just saw please like it and
also subscribe to our page if you're
social and you want me to comment do
that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
family rules are just weird like you're
just set in stone what you were when you
were little you know and so like my
family just thinks of me as like 12 year
old lazy bratty kid and I'm like wow
okay I guess we're really not gonna give
me any credit for anything I did in the
past life cool because I I did a past
life regression and my very last life I
was a Somalian soldier and I died a hero
yes I'm still kind of shy about it but
some respect would be nice being
weirdest past life regression I've ever
done I know relatable um was with was
what the Hat psychic and I took my cat
to a pet psychic and she was like Megan
your suspicions were correct you were in
a past life with their cat I was like oh
my god what are the odds
she was like yeah you guys were a
married couple you lived on this tugboat
and who was emotionally abusive to you
I'm serious
I was like I don't think I lived on a
tugboat maybe I like rode on one and
like honk the horn to be funny or
something I don't know
just in case she's right like every
night before I go to sleep I just
whisper to my cat I know what you did on
the tugboat I know I have to he called
me fat and that's what about in the 70s
[ __ ] him
I think Kansas I moved up to LA to be a
writer and whenever I tell people about
their like do anything I've ever heard
of and I'm like no chef about that
wedding in LA is crazy um for many
reasons the first guy I did it when I
moved out here was addicted to meth and
I had no idea I just thought he was
super passionate about cleaning I was
like you go baby
yes I came home really want some
vacation to surprise him I bet you can
guess what I found
um he was making two hundred pieces of
toast for an imaginary in his mind tail
is all this time I I want to get better
at relationships though so I just took a
tantric sex course I highly recommend it
the teacher was like Megan are you crazy
in bed and I was like well bad is where
I do most of my 9/11 conspiracy theory
research so sure she told me that you
can have orgasms in your heart heart
gazans
I'm like cool now I have to fake it
heart gasm to such greatness for me the
last guy I tried that way you know I
really gave it a go and he was like I
think I'm gonna call my own one I think
you're dying no the last time I died I
was a Somalian soldier let me play about
story a guy
[Applause]
[Music]
my boyfriend also was broke yeah that's
look good the dick was he played
pokemons go every day for three years he
didn't have a car but he get all of the
Pikachu's you know I like ya Dan he was
so broke I think broke dudes are the
best at sex like the best right look
dude if we're just being 100 this room
right now broke dudes are deep best at
sex
hands down no doubt about it and I think
it's because broke guys know they can't
afford to take you to dinner so they
just fought the hunger right out of you
yeah broke dudes will have sex with you
for hours and give you a massage
afterward however long it takes for the
only restaurant to be okay isn't so good
like rich dudes rich Jews don't have sex
with you for very long they just don't
and that's okay cuz they're busy being
rich or whatever you know like if you
had sex with Elon Musk he would have sex
to you for maybe five minutes and you
don't be like thank you ulamas thank you
so much thank you go to the rocket now
thank you so much dude you couldn't say
[ __ ] dude you cannot say [ __ ] but like
when you [ __ ] a broke dude you can talk
a little [ __ ] you know like if it broke
tit comes over and tries to have sex
with you and leave right away you could
be like really dude where are you going
[Applause]
you don't have anywhere to be the EBT
office on top of us six hours so get
back in my vagina
[Music]
I'm right into this here ladies have you
ever noticed that the way guys hit on us
is very specific to their ethnicity have
you ever noticed that like the black guy
he always has to describe you when he
hits on you right hey blue shirt what's
up blue shirt yeah blue shirt are like
we're wearing a jersey that day of our
favorite team 22:22
right and we all know the Mexican guy
he'll just hit on you like you're an
animal each one of my cousins tried to
hit on this white girl in time she
thought he was looking for his dog to
try to help him out puppy I'm sorry I
didn't see which way he went
oh you were talking to me oh my god
Carol he was talking to me hi
hola okay hola okay I haven't really
been hit on by an Asian guy yet but I'm
sure I'll probably just surprise me and
put in a fortune cookie peril
would you write about our if me I Drive
a karora oh my gosh thank you
so I graduated from college in 1986 from
the University of Georgia and if you do
the quick math that makes me 55 years
old and I love being over 50 there's
something magical about particularly the
woman about being over 50s I just don't
care what people think anymore and it's
very freeing and it happened in target
in South Portland Maine right after my
50th birthday it was February it was
snowing and in Maine probably like here
it snows and they give you these towels
at Target to wipe out the snow out of
the shopping carts that come in from the
parking lot this particular day I got
there and they were all the shopping
carts were wet but there were no towels
but there was this little millennial
girl at the door she was the target
greeter that day her name was Amanda and
she was just getting through her
three-hour grueling shift at Target and
I said Amanda where are those towels
he's shopping cards so wet she's uh
they're still wet from last night
I spit it's 2 o'clock in the afternoon
she cuz I know it's almost time for my
break well how am I supposed to show up
these are when she said well you can
just take it in the bathroom and wipe it
out with a paper towel duh and I thought
you know my 30 year old self would have
gone in the bathroom and wiped it out
with a paper towel my 40 year old soap
would have called Amanda's manager over
and we would have had a discussion about
customer service and how bad Amanda's
sucked at it
[Music]
but my 50 year old self just took my
shopping cart directly to the first
clothing section that I came to and I
just lined it with little boys t-shirts
and soaked up all the water in there and
then a shot for an hour and a half then
I got to the checkout line and I pay for
the things that I wanted I got down with
those shirts I say you know what I've
decided I don't want these they're wet
maybe Amanda can wipe him out on her
little break
[Applause]
so as I have gotten older I've noticed
that my magazine subscriptions have
changed I don't get People magazine
anymore because I don't know any of the
people in people who are these people I
don't care I stopped getting Cosmo a
long time ago because they had those
little quizzes in there who lets you
enough making style
I don't know I'm 55 I got three kids I
got two jobs here's my lovemaking style
you want to do what like right now have
so much to do
[Applause]
I have a list you're not on it sorry
alright there's that magazine called
real simple and everything in it is just
real hard create your own cactus garden
no make your bathroom a sanctuary have
you seen my bathroom no now my favorite
magazine right now is called garden and
gun and it is a real magazine for
middle-aged southern women who like to
pull weeds and contemplate who we want
to shoot right in the head
[Music]
and it's true middle-aged women wanna
shoot at least five people in the head
every day but we don't do it because
that's wrong that's murder so what do we
do
if something makes us mad we call up our
friends and we go fellowship and we have
our walking groups you'll see you will
see a middle-aged women walking together
and we are walking and talking and
walking and talking and we are getting
all that out of everyday and mine is
like why don't you just go for a run by
yourself I'm like I can't we are saving
lives
[Applause]
this is why serial killers are always
men they don't have a walking group to
go to they have all this anger and
frustration it just comes out as murder
we prevented three murders this morning
in our walking room one of them was
yours
[Applause]
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app you can download it right
now to watch my whole special
I don't know if you have these things in
your neighborhood we have them
what do you call on the porch crackheads
there's this thing now have you heard of
this in LA it's called the LA gang tours
I'm not making this up it is a do you
know about this okay thank you have you
been on it
it's it's sold out through Christmas and
basically what it is it's a tour bus and
for $100 it takes you to the most
dangerous parts of Los Angeles I know
because it goes past my house and all of
the gangsters have agreed to a ceasefire
for the duration of the trip okay I
would love to see who is on this bus
because you know it's just a bunch of
white people in safari outfits who want
to look at minorities through
bulletproof glass Oh Harold ever since I
heard that NWA song I've always wanted
to see Watts I hope it comes with a bag
of crack to throw at them
why are we glorifying gang culture like
your main contribution is when you're
not killing is spray-painting your
nickname on other people's things and my
little cousin thinks he's a gangster
he's like no - you don't understand you
throw a fat piece up there that place is
yours I'm like nobody thinks you own
Costco
I ended up going to the doctor because I
busted the button off of three pairs of
pants and not just like oh I'm missing a
button but more like look how it heads
up people are like what was that
that's a button propelling off my size
ten genes even though I've morphed into
a fourteen but I did I went to the
doctor because I thought maybe I had
like a stomach to him or something and
and she and she informed me that I was
in fact a very healthy 180 pound woman
and I feel like we should be able to
itemize that weight you know I mean I
feel like I'm a big head big big bosoms
a big back sign that's 30 pounds right
there now I'm down to 150 that's not so
bad
yeah thank you she um the doctor was
very nice though like she said to me you
know if you cut out carbs and alcohol
the 30 days you'd lose weight and you'd
have so much more energy I was like well
is there anything I could do to lose
weight and remain as lethargic as
possible I'd like to be skinny but
apathetic a she was trying to be nice
she said you know it's a it's like a
double-edged sword because if you're a
man at your height and weight you'd be
considered healthy but because you're a
woman you can set it overweight now as I
go so you're saying I need a sex change
all right I didn't see that coming but
sure explains a lot of things I feel I
feel like I want to diagnosis when I go
to the doctor they I feel like the only
thing I'm really looking for in a
primary care physician is someone who is
as committed to finding something wrong
with me as I am you know I'm like I gave
you my copay give me my diagnosis maybe
I just need to be burped I don't know
that's why I'm here I did I started
working out though I started going you
know don't to the gym I mean this is the
thing I I've been working out but like
not changing my eating habit so it's
almost like I'm just like working out to
maintain chubby you know what I mean
I like I've been big into rotisserie
chicken
lately I have like three rotisserie
chicken carcasses in my trash right now
III buy them like they might not be
available tomorrow and I just eat them
with my hand you know my friends like
you want some silverware I'm like no I'm
done just spritz the fan off my face I
actually have an appointment
my biggest thing I like it that my
favorite buffalo chicken fingers I love
buffalo chicken fingers I will see Kyle
get up out of bed and go find myself
some buffalo chicken fingers I was out
the other night and they had um on the
menu they had chicken fingers and then
they had buffalo wings so I was like oh
you think I could get buffalo chicken
fingers and the waitress was like well
it's just gonna be the chicken figures
cooked in the buffalo sauce and I was
like well thank God I asked because I
was actually looking for the fingers of
a buffalo chicken and I would have been
disappointed
if you want to watch my special for
$0.99 click here if you want to see more
of my clips click here click it just
click it you got to click something
it's nice I'm 34 like I said and I have
my first boyfriend ever which is like a
huge deal thank you thank you
oh thanks and it's getting more serious
because we just got a puppy together you
know we started a family and we got a
little puppy we named her bugs short for
bugs nestled in silos and we took bugs
to the vet to get her puppy shots cuz we
vaccinate our children and you know I'm
a new mom and as soon as we get to the
vet the vet was like in a mood and she
took books from my hands and immediately
just served it stabbing the [ __ ] out of
her with the puppy shots and I was like
um excuse me ma'am can you be gentle
that's a baby puppy
and the vet was like calm down ma'am
stabbing my dog to death and then she
took out this 10-inch thermometer to put
in the docs butthole sir he was like cry
I'm for the buttonhole sir and I
like no absolutely not that's a newborn
baby puppy she's never felt that
sensation before you can't just put that
in her butthole she's gonna freak out
and the vet again was a calm down and
she goes to the cabinet and she gets a
can of Cheez Whiz and she puts a bunch
of Cheez Whiz on the ground and bugs
went to town on the guys they could have
put ten thermometers back there and bugs
was just like you and I look at my
boyfriend I'm like are you gonna say
something and he's like what she doesn't
care and I was like [ __ ] she doesn't
well if you ever want to put cheese on
the ground just saying I'm not gonna
know nothing
scoffs all of our problems just like
walk it through the kitchen like to put
this cheese that months or the love
months
oh there's like a sharp chatter here
there's like me suits like a hooker
should I love [ __ ] sure nothing you say
it's your shooter what happened oh you
got me again okay thanks guys
[Applause]
[Music]
I have a 19 year old daughter we grew up
together she raised the hell out of me
she did a really good job she's telling
me today about some I didn't even
know about um she looked me in my eye in
my face in my house and she's like I
hate you I said I'm so glad you said it
first because I hate you too we have
something in common you are a mediocre
and entitled and that's not a good
combination I really don't like you I
love the people that don't have kids
when you judge cause let me tell you
something you can judge us all you want
one day you'll be a mom and you'll
understand what I'm saying this woman
came up to me and Indiana and said I
would never call my daughter a
I said how old is your daughter she said
three I said well that's child abuse you
shouldn't be calling your daughter a
 but when that turns 16
you're gonna say you get the
 out of my house and you tell your
father I said to pick you up from the
curb I can't believe you how dare you
you know what I'm talking about right
that's a grown-ass woman right there you
know the young moms the ones parading up
and down the airplane with the crying
newborn baby like and they want you to
be impressed they like show you the baby
and everybody's mad cuz we like
 we've seen a baby before if it was
a dinosaur we'd be impressed the
babies shut it up and give it benadryl
like the rest of us the down
I hate them damn
I am now 51 years old oh I know where am
i over 40 ladies over 40 go crazy why is
[Applause]
10 drunk women pretending to be happy
all right hey you look like a baby how
old are you
you're still in your 20s oh yeah little
[ __ ] oh I can't you look good
you're so cute what's your name Kayleigh
oh you even have a little stripper name
Oh fix your little cheeks
Haley enjoy being in her 20s and your
30s when you get there when I was in my
20s by 30 everybody told me I'd love
vegan by 15 because I said you're
finally comfortable in your own skin
yeah that's it stretches Oh Haley I
don't mind getting older I don't like to
be reminded that I'm getting older
that's the problem I was walking through
a mall oh I passed this cosmetics store
there was this Russian woman out front
handing out free samples but I was in a
hurry so I said no thank you and she
looked at me and said eat sport under
eyes you could use said to me you could
use like hates that Lana you got
anything that covers a black eye
cuz in about two seconds you could use
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji if you think that videos the
lyrics feel free to like share and
comment on the video below or you can
see is live at Hollywood Long Beach Reno
and then you don't block your blessing
uh yeah
I want y'all to stop putting all y'all
business on social media it's gotten a
little out of hand some of your business
take a selfie on a canyon and say I'm
hiking solo that's your milk carton
picture [ __ ] stop doing that [ __ ] I'm
really tired
I'm tired of y'all don't look I'm like
you especially the girl who posts
everything on social media don't be that
girl you're in a relationship you post
your uh sees and your selfies right if
team love hashtag goals and
relationships pictures of [ __ ] lions
and kings and queens and Beyonce and
jay-z and the minute that [ __ ]
cheats on you now you posted scriptures
like a bastard yeah God is with me that
no one can be against me
hashtag the Lord and my line then that
[ __ ] quits you and now you're a
motivational speaker never makes someone
a priority when you're only an option to
them hashtag team solo oh my god then
you can try to be an only now you the
fitness [ __ ] what's out its best I hate
you
[Music]
I'm Kim Curley I'm from San Antonio
Texas everybody says girl I used to be a
teacher in San Antonio Texas I used to
teach 8th grade English
that's 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 and 20 year
olds a great time
kids these days I think they're getting
smarter they're a little different
they're getting smarter but you know
what take away their calculators they
can't do math when it math become magic
people I went to the store and I bought
something with cash it was seven dollars
and 53 cents so I gave him a twenty two
ones and 53 cents the kid goes you
giving me too much money he's giving it
back he got kind of indignant giving me
back the money he take this two dollars
I don't need it and I said put it in
your machine and watch what happens when
he did he looked at me like this I felt
like Criss Angel's mother I just wanted
to levitate and float away those of you
who don't know what I got I got $15 even
back that's what I did don't get out
your calculators put them back I'm also
a counselor I'm a stand-up comic and a
counselor does that not scream I have
issues doesn't it it's there I don't
licensed therapist you can see me after
the show if you want to talk about stuff
we can do that I got my degree in
counseling because it was a whole lot
cheaper than therapy
I was getting better at it than the
therapist so they started asking me a
bunch of questions how did you deal with
that well I did this oh my gosh that's
great I know I know
I enjoy my neighbor have a really nice
neighborhood but yesterday we did our
recycling and everybody takes out the
recycling bins and my my neighbor to the
right of me she's bragging all the time
about how her recycle was so much bigger
than everybody else's she goes I'm an
aggressive recycler I'm green I'm an
aggressive recycler and I'm going you
know you're just a heavy drinker
she went out with this guy and he was in
her neighborhood he came over and talked
me about he goes my goodness hey I'm
telling you $100 into the date she's not
even slurring her words I asked her what
are you a German swimmer I mean what she
is so that's pretty cool I love college
I want to go back to college I got my
masters I really want my doctorate I
just want to keep I love it but it's so
expensive I have a new hero her name is
Amy Creighton this woman is 89 years old
and just graduated with their bachelor's
degree 89 yeah they asked her what are
you gonna do now Amy and she said what
you are Amy did she borrowed more money
and she's going for a master's degree
good for you Amy you know what you may
not have to pay back the student loans
I'd do the same thing just racquetball
yeah I'll take the full amount
government if you want to watch my
entire special for 99 cents click here
if you want to watch more clips click
here right here click it you know you
want to click it I do believe you want
to click it I don't know why I'm all the
suddently English but usually when you
click it's good it's all good when you
click
hey love white people I love white
people I'm your comments get up into my
they don't like my love white people
y'all huh awesome I'll jump off a
mountains without pair of shoes y'all
take ecstasy y'all keep messin with
animals no matter how many y'all get
killed
y'all still keep going after it boy I
was watching the news the other day in
the newscaster was like if you see a
mountain lion do not approach it I was
like who is this commercial for this is
for white folks this is black people
don't mess with animals we cross the
street when we see a squirrel [ __ ] a
hook in Alan's face even the mountain
lion be like is this [ __ ] approaching
me Wow
y'all be hiking and riding your bike all
in the mountains and surprised when a
mountain lion jump out and ball you
wanna gasps where did it come from he
came from the mountains some mountainous
it's not a kitchen light not a bathroom
I'm trying to figure out what hey wow
that's my lunch have a backpack no crazy
white woman got killed by our own Python
I even got no punch laughter that cuz
it's ridiculous how do you raise your
own murder how do you do that go to a
cage with a Python it go good you cook a
Python was like soon [ __ ]
there's a term for this by the way uh
there's a term for this it's called
role reversal right yeah if you're for
my generation it's called freaky friday
[Laughter]
and it is indeed quite weird okay like
you know what i i didn't see it coming
there were signs and i should have known
like i took my mom to the dentist
she hates the dentist she's complaining
she's dragging her feet
she doesn't want to get in the chair and
i heard myself say
if you behave yourself
i'll take it to the liquor store
[Applause]
now here's the thing i was already going
for me but she didn't need to know that
but this is
so weird for me right because when i was
growing up
my mom was the disciplinarian in the
house
okay my mom's jamaican they beat
children professionally
but what was cool about my mom is that
she would never
spank me at the moment i did something
wrong
she would wait
[Laughter]
she called it waiting until she had
calmed down
which sounds really good in theory
in practice it meant i never knew when
it was coming
when i would least suspect it my mother
would swoop down out of nowhere
and be like so you want to put crayons
in the washing machine
i'm like ma that was 30 years ago
[Music]
i think there's a statute of limitations
but you know you do know that as you as
you get older
that mother-daughter relationship gets
complicated
right yeah and i say that i say that um
because whenever i go to book club
me and my girlfriends always end up
talking about our moms
yeah that that's how book club turned
into wine club
[Laughter]
now we just read the labels on wine
bottles
alcohol content 12 percent ladies i
think we have a best seller
now i i will tell you guys i'll tell you
guys i i love my mom
but i'm a daddy's girl yeah
that's that's why my favorite movie is
taken
look every girl wants to believe that if
she gets kidnapped
her dad is going to come for her right
and i believe that i believe if i got
kidnapped
my dad would come for me but my dad
is 84.
it's gonna take a while
[Laughter]
he's gonna have to look for his glasses
find his car keys he's going to be
clipping coupons trying to get a deal
for me
cause my dad's a funny dude man i took
him to the doctor
and uh we walk in and i'm like daddy we
we have been in every department
here except ob gyn
and he goes i know take me there maybe
i'll get lucky
we uh i took him to burger king you know
because he had coupons
um he got his food
but his change was short by a penny
yeah yeah you uh you can't show or
change old people
because my dad is from that generation
that can do math
[Laughter]
in his head
that's magic to me
because i'll be honest i'm i'm not good
at math right
but a lot of people aren't right like i
was
i was shopping the other day and um i
got to the register
and my bill came to eight dollars and
fifty cents
i gave the cashier ten dollars she rang
it in i then
found and gave her 50 cents and
she froze
she stood so still for so long i thought
we were playing freeze tag and nobody
told me
finally she said i don't know how much
to give you back
i said ten dollars
because i'm not good at math
[Music]
local man robs wendy's with alligator
for the alligator boys now
the bank should be going mom mom
I'm fed that my own parents a little bit
recently I used to identifies kind of
more like butch androgynous but I
decided I would like to identify a
sexually active I know they're butch
women who get laid all the time I'm not
saying otherwise just just I feel like
when you're a butch woman you're sort of
going for like a James Dean and rebel
without a cause kind of thing nobody
wants to [ __ ] lesbian Michael Cera so I
grew my hair out I bought some clothes
that fit me a little bit better I just
can't get behind the idea of wearing
makeup
I don't like makeup and the first 25
years of my life I didn't even consider
wearing makeup and then just as an
experiment I took a selfie a selfie of
me wearing a [ __ ] ton of makeup I put it
up on OkCupid and my visitors quintupled
and I was like holy [ __ ] I think every
other woman in the world might be onto
something and now I believe that makeup
should be illegal I'm completely serious
I believe that makeup should be illegal
because here's the thing if nobody wore
makeup I would be reasonably attractive
so why did I have to buy face paint just
to get back to where I started do you
what I'm saying
like right now I'm a five but if nobody
wore makeup the scale would be out of
five this is why they banned steroids in
baseball makeup is just doping for dick
that is all in it there is no other
reason to wear it I hear women say they
wear makeup because it's fun that's
[ __ ] makeup is not fun no artist
wants to wake up every day and paint the
same slowly decay man
[Music]
I met a baby named Deborah last week
that was a trip this woman this woman
held up her baby and was like this is
Deborah and I was like no you can't name
your baby deaf that's inappropriate like
there's no way this baby didn't just
like walk out of her mom already
clutching a Pinot Grigio and a Nicholas
Sparks novel just in a bad mood just
pissed I can totally see it she like
physically walks out and she's like I
got it
[Laughter]
hi is there a manager I can see I have
been staying here for the last nine
months and I was just unexpectedly
kicked out of my rep I have never in my
life and treated us no let me finish
like if you named your baby Deborah
she's gonna Yelp your birth and you're
getting two stars like for sure okay I
landed on this quick I recently did my I
got my ancestry DNA results back we all
know the deal right you like put your
saliva in a tube you send it to a lab
they tell you what you're made of
I think if you're someone like me who's
willing to throw down upwards of 150
dollars on something like this you
should have your results in two in a box
that like kind of explodes upon opening
and a little cloud pops out he's like
white
you're white I think you should like
hand do your spit back to okay guys
thank you so much that's my time you
have been so great I'm Anna Gilchrist
thank you
[Music]
you
[Music]
I was in a sorority in college I was how
are you and then your hostages are in
the front - that's good are you okay
okay I'd like that you're both in white
you're like we'll get married now uh
you're virgins obviously hello you're
you okay you're not in the fret you're
you're like foreign tourists wonderful
yes where where are you from Berlin okay
can I look to you and I was like ooh a
tough seven years but you you're from
Berlin and now you're here with this is
a very American experience that you're
getting to see in this gauge that we're
all in it's fantastic Wow
I performed in a fraternity basement
before so I'm not scared of anything
you don't even like raw material you're
just like call reggae you're a Europe
Pike and then did somebody else Sigma
Chi - no okay okay there we go
Wow it felt like hearing all those
booths as a woman on a stage it was like
are they gonna burn me very which trial
what are you studying finance of course
you are I mean your face is good but
you're gonna need like a hot way
[Applause]
you're very - I bet people I thought
women [ __ ] you just because you're tall
that's a life so I know it's real what's
your name
Garrett that's a great that's a great
name for someone who looks like they
finger someone while they were asleep I
mean now that you know they have to they
have to like nod and say yes
who here knows where I quit is okay you
can tell not that many cuz you started
raising your hands instead of clapping
like you have been doing it was mostly
women raising their hand that's correct
it's higher than you saw it good for you
we don't have like an older brother are
you 18 no you're 18 you're 18 you're
above 18 I'm gonna [ __ ] the German up do
you even want that no no we was so
polite about it to just like like I'd
offered him like two please no not today
you guys seemed like you don't smoke we
have one friend who's single left I'm
not single so please don't come up to me
I have one friend I don't know what your
all your voices sound the same and I'm
ignoring all of that much like your
mother's wow that hurt you yeah none of
your mom's like you all of them are
happy you're gone maybe one of us I
thought one of your mom's was like kind
of attracted to you but the rest now
Oh
Cornell yeah Cornell's mom wanted
[Music]
you
I like to [ __ ] with women in the
bathroom
in the public bathroom I'm so tired of
the game that we're playing in there of
just we're in there protecting not
making any noise you try not to make any
noise at all grown women opening tampons
like this achoo we're out in the streets
marching and yelling for equality in
there just no no no all of a sudden whoo
we try it we got a little tricks if we
fart or something to start banging on
[ __ ]
[Music]
think we're so slick
that is not me
and the biggest rule the biggest rule we
have is no [ __ ]
you better not be [ __ ] in there you
save your shits for Hall you save them
for all ladies meanwhile I've seen a man
[ __ ] in a field rip his sleeve off and
wipe his ass with
and it was attractive to be honest just
like yes you look at you sir yes
meanwhile women we go on entire
vacations without [ __ ] just we pop
imodium like there take tax on a roller
coaster Busch Gardens like oh [ __ ] only
three more days the craziest thing and
if you do walk in
and you smell someone's breaking the
rules and [ __ ] there's two things you do
if you're a good girl you get the [ __ ]
out of there whatever it is you thought
you had to do you don't have to do it
anymore
you walk in you just mm not today no I
just came in to do this I needed all I
need and hit the dryers for no [ __ ]
reason cover up that sound real quick
I'm out because you know if a woman is
[ __ ] some went wrong she is having a
bad time
some didn't go to plan
I don't know if the bad lettuce I don't
know but that is a woman at her most
vulnerable that childbirth [ __ ] in
public but if you're a psychopath like
me you [ __ ] with that person I get I'm
like no we're growing today I get in the
salt right next to her right next to her
and my feet didn't go honey there too so
she just sees two creepy little shadows
and they start giggling which is even
weirder and I'm giggling because I know
this is her worst nightmare this is her
worst nightmare and I know she is over
there just going hold it here hold it in
don't splash Lord don't let miss flash
you've held it in for seven days what's
two more minutes
she's only piss and there's no way to
women after [ __ ] in public at the same
time it's impossible I'm like you're
gonna splash [ __ ] I'm waitin for a
splash when I hear when I hop down and I
go and I wash my hand and I make eye
contact right through the crack
that's what that is that the [ __ ]
shaming crap that's why they put it
there
[ __ ] shaming cracks away through you
dirty [ __ ] breaking the rules
[Music]
I recently got this guy's somebody came
up to me and they said and neek you
don't look gay you look like a German
woman and I'm originally from Germany
talk to my German friend I was like did
you know that Americans all think we
look gay and she's like I mean we have
the short Here I am but that's just
practical
and we there's a hiking boots yeah also
to the beddings but such as practical I
was like actively lesbian it it's hard
growing up Germany have really tough
parents like my dad he would be like
whenever I would complain he'd be like
it's nothing we went through a war I'm
like yeah but you also caused it
[Laughter]
[ __ ] you thank you for voting for Trump
- now we're not the only Nazi [ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's a good move you're gonna like it
eventually you know it's a you're the
villain in every movie it's great it's
great
yeah I saw the Nazis at Charlottesville
I was like what the [ __ ] is happening
yeah because if you're German you're
you're raised with this can never happen
again right like a [ __ ] high school
college right this could never happen
again and I saw them and I was like who
it's happening it's happening and I was
so shocked right and my second thought
was amateurs
[Music]
see a lot of couples out of here tonight
oh yeah you guys look romantic yeah let
me ask you guys since you're such a
romantic group do you guys believe that
there's somebody out there for everybody
you told yeah very me too me too
I do I think there's a lid for every pot
I do that's right I think their life is
just one big puzzle you know and you're
just a puzzle piece waiting for your
missing piece to click in next to you I
think there's someone out there for
everybody I mean sometimes you see
people and you're like not them
[Laughter]
now they'll die alone but us there's
someone out there for us oh no I do I
think there's somebody out there for
everybody even the dial owns you know
this was affirmed for me not too long
ago I was in Las Vegas and I was doing
what you do in Vegas just walking down
the street people judging you know
[Music]
that's what you do people you call it
people watching that's not what you do
you wish it was yeah
people watching I think I've never done
it but I think it would be like oh I
wonder how old that kid is for that man
get his shirt I wonder where they're
from I've never had thoughts like that
know my shot my thoughts are more like
that kid should be on a leash he's a
fatty she's a harlot
anyway I was I was in Vegas and I saw I
saw these this this couple and it they
were can't I'm not sure they were meant
to be let's just say that they were
meant to be you know just rare and
exotic birds that found each other you
know it's a man and a woman both of them
had ponytails yeah both wearing socks
and sandals you know there were two
double exhale people both weren't fitted
medium shirts so there was all kinds of
spillage
they're both both holding iguanas that's
the part to caught me yeah that's
otherwise well I just wouldn't be like
huh now look here
anybody anybody else anybody and I
wanted to know what their love story was
you know cuz they're together obviously
and they had a love story you know and
so I followed them for a little bit and
then after a while I got kind of bored
it was like I'll just make it up here's
what I think happened
they fell in love at the reptile store
well on the lizard food aisle stood a
girl named Sara she had a lazy eye and
was chewing on her Hera she was humming
the theme song to deep space 9 when a
boy with a pony tail caught her good eye
he was breathing kind of heavy when he
reached for the Iguana treats Sara got
nervous started staring at her feet Ivan
said I really like your sandals in your
socks
Sara said that's nice of you they're
Crocs
then they talked about iguanas and they
talked about Star Wars never thinking
they just found love
all that the reptiles Thor
[Applause]
so Sarah came over and she brought her
iguanas to Ivans little room in the
basement at his mama's he showed her his
comic books and action figures - then
they stayed up late watching Doctor Who
he was breathing kind of heavy when he
walked her to the door and a good night
kids turned into something more they
both did something they had never done
before and that's the story about how
two crazy lizard lovers found love
over there reptiles door
[Applause]
[Music]
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app download it right now to
watch save and share clips and watch my
whole special
It is my goal in life now to make
Alan Rickman be the voice of Alexa.
That is my goal in life.
(audience laughing)
Like how awesome would that be?
You know, like, Hey Snape,
what's the weather
going to be like today?
"Dreary."
(audience laughing)
This is how it's going to be?
"Always."
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
Aw thank you. Thank you.
(audience applauding)
So yeah I like having fun with voices
and all that sort of stuff,
but now like that I'm getting,
now that I've lost a bunch of weight
I have people who want me
to go camping with them
and I hate camping.
If you like camping, I'm sorry.
I just don't like it
and they get all mad at you.
They're like,
"Oh, you know what it is?
"You know what your problem is?
"Your problem is you've never
"had a good experience camping."
And I'm like, That's exactly
my problem!
(audience laughing)
I've never had
a good experience camping!
And they're like, 
"Oh, you're going to love it.
"We're so much fun.
"First, we're going to march
"10 miles into the woods
"and we're going to stop
"at a little place called
"Mosquitoes' Landing.
(audience laughing)
"It's wonderful.
"It overlooks Ebola Lake.
"It's beautiful.
"And then late at night,
"when you're trying to sleep,
"you get to play a fun little game of
"What the Heck is That Noise?"
Do you know that squirrels and bears
make the exact same noise
in the dark?
Do you know that?
And then there's the bugs
and I hate the bugs
and they're like, 
"Oh, don't worry about the bugs.
"We have this organic
"gluten-free bug spray."
(audience laughing)
Oh, does it work well?
"It doesn't work at all.
(audience laughing)
"It just seasons you for the bears.
(audience laughing)
"In fact, you stand next to the fire.
"They love the mesquite flavor."
I'm just swatting away.
My shirt's on like a loincloth.
I look like I'm in Lord of the Flies.
(audience laughing)
10 minutes go by, I look like
a deranged tap dancer, like.
(audience laughing)
Half hour goes by, 
I get like mud on my face.
I look like I'm doing 
one of those Hawaiian Hakas like.
(yelling the Haka)
"Brian, are you okay?"
(yelling the Haka)
(audience laughing)
And then I go get some chocolate.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I apologize. I'm sweating tonight.
This is my cardio for the evening, 
so I apologize for that.
Man, it's, my Fitbit exploded.
(audience laughing)
Just getting some breath
for this last bit.
I did a show once and someone
was like, "Do that again."
And I'm like, You want me to pass out?
What do you want me to do?
(audience laughing)
It's the cool-down session of my set.
(taking deep breath)
So I'll tell you this
and I'll get out of here.
People always complain about
cartoons that they don't,
they're not good for you.
They don't teach you anything.
They rot your brain
and that's not true.
I used to watch a show
called Animaniacs.
Any Animaniacs fans here?
(audience cheering)
So there was a character named
Yakko
and he was like, "Hello, nurse."
Right? Loved him.
I learned the nations of the world
at that time by that show.
You guys
know what I'm talking about?
The song started off slow, 
ended up fast.
All right, here we go.
♪ United States, Canada ♪
♪ Mexico, Panama ♪
♪ Haiti, Jamaica, Peru ♪
♪ Republic Dominican ♪
♪ Cuba, Caribbean ♪
♪ Greenland, El Salvador too ♪
♪ Puerto Rico, Columbia, Venezuela ♪
♪ Honduras, Guyana, and still ♪
♪ Guatemala, Bolivia ♪
♪ Then Argentina ♪
♪ And Ecuador, Chile, Brazil ♪
♪ Costa Rica, Belize, Nicaragua ♪
♪ Bermuda, Bahamas ♪
♪ Tobago, San Juan ♪
♪ Paraguay, Uruguay, Surinam ♪
♪ And French Guiana ♪
♪ Barbados, and Guam ♪
♪ Norway and Sweden ♪ 
♪ And Iceland and Finland ♪
♪ And Germany now one piece ♪
♪ Switzerland, Austria, Czechoslovakia ♪
♪ Italy, Turkey, and Greece ♪
♪ Poland, Romania ♪
♪ Scotland, Albania ♪
♪ Ireland, Russia, Oman ♪
♪ Bulgaria, Saudi Arabia, Hungary ♪
♪ Cyprus, Iraq, and Iran ♪
♪ There's Syria, ♪
♪ Lebanon, Israel, Jordan ♪
♪ Both Yemens, Kuwait, and Bahrain ♪
♪ The Netherlands, Luxembourg ♪
♪ Belgium, and Portugal ♪
♪ France, England, Denmark,
and Spain ♪ Sing along! ♪
♪ India, Pakistan ♪
♪ Burma, Afghanistan ♪
♪ Thailand, Nepal, and Bhutan ♪
♪ Kampuchea, Malaysia ♪
♪ Then Bangladesh (Asia) ♪
♪ And China, Korea, Japan ♪
♪ Mongolia, Laos ♪
♪ And Tibet, Indonesia ♪
♪ The Philippine islands, Taiwan ♪ 
♪ Sri Lanka, New Guinea ♪
♪ Sumatra, New Zealand ♪
♪ Then Borneo, and Vietnam ♪
♪ Tunisia, Morocco, Uganda, Angola ♪
♪ Zimbabwe, Djibouti, Botswana ♪
♪ Mozambique, Zambia ♪
♪ Swaziland, Gambia ♪
♪ Guinea, Algeria, Ghana ♪
Last one!
♪ Burundi, Lesotho ♪
♪ And Malawi, Togo ♪
♪ The Spanish Sahara is gone ♪
♪ Niger, Nigeria ♪
♪ Char, and Liberia ♪
♪ Egypt, Benin, and Gabon ♪
♪ Tanzania, Somalia ♪
♪ Kenya, and Mali ♪
♪ Sierra Leone, and Algiers ♪
♪ Dahomey, Namibia ♪
♪ Senegal, Libya ♪
♪ Cameroon, Congo, Zaire ♪
♪ Ethiopia, ♪
♪ Guinea-Bissau, Madagascar ♪
♪ Rwanda, Mahore, and Cayman ♪
♪ Hong Kong, Abu Dhabi ♪
♪ Qatar, Yugoslavia ♪
♪ Crete, Mauritania ♪
♪ Then Transylvania ♪
♪ Monaco, Liechtenstein ♪
♪ Malta, and Palestine ♪
♪ Fiji, Australia, Sudan ♪
Goodnight, everybody!
I'll say though I am I am a little
different than than the other gays you
know I got my for marriage equality I
think it's great but with marriage
equality happened I was really excited
but only because that meant I could eat
chick-fil-a again like that yeah you're
a big guy you know that's just been hard
for me like you know I wasn't a
controversy about my head and gays or
chicken sandwich like it's been a big
problem in my world waffle fries fresh
lemon day we've got a lot of chick-fil-a
fans Chipola in the house if you guys
don't know chick-fil-a is historically
anti-gay okay but and like their money
would go to anti-gay legislation which
is [ __ ] up but once marriage equality
passed who gives a [ __ ] you know
so on my lesbo friends were like yes
let's go celebrate and I was like yes
I'll lean up after I get a quick order
waffle fries real fast I pulled up I
pulled up to chick late for the first
time I was on stove Alec drove up in my
Subaru you know
I have the Hillary Clinton Oh eight
sticker on the back covered up by the
Bernie you know now pull up I was so
excited I hope your guy he was like I
walk with Chuck living one and I was
like hi I'm a homosexual it's my first
time here I'd appreciate you didn't tell
the other days it is like music house
like you know big raging bull dyke
chick-fil-a anti-gay the thing and he
just comes you want free chocolate chip
cookie chick-fil-a management to they
sit down other employees like if you see
a homosexual give them a free cookie let
bygones be bygones
[Laughter]
I'll tell you that she [ __ ] works I
went to softball practice the next day I
was like they got me
[Music]
i know i could have been on that show
and i blew it right i just
do do you ever go to a birthday party
and look at the size of the cake
and then count the people and think man
i gotta kill somebody
[Laughter]
do you feel like you're being counted
right now yeah
i'm a terrorist at birthday parties i
will bring an extra bag of frosting
and write my name on the cake too
now it's our cake there's gonna be a
hostile cake over you just gotta
you gotta wait for it i'm on a journey
i'm on a weight loss
journey i almost weighed 600 pounds i
got up to 598.
i know i could have been on that show
and i blew it right i just
a little bit of a quitter
so i've lost over 250 which is
[Applause]
it means i'm on a journey they keep
saying journey
that you're on a weight loss journey
they've totally ruined the word journey
for me now
like is it a journey if you can't pack a
lunch and take snacks
is that
is it a journey i'm just a small town
girl living in a lonely world without
carbs
that's a journey joke you guys are good
wow you're on tape delay dude that was
i'll do another one for you to get first
time the only thing i'm loving touching
and squeezing now is fruit
see they are way ahead of you
it's cute your little tiny wife is
totally embarrassed
i told him not to talk
there's so much plaid in the audience so
many flannel shirts
you guys look like a picnic table to
this big girl
might be eating some chicken on show
later
it is a journey when i first came back i
shot a reality show and they told me
to go to walmart and get a scale so that
i could keep my
fans updated on my weight loss i hadn't
had a scale
since i was a little girl and it was
that scale in my grandma's bathroom
you guys remember that scale it was this
scale with the dial
and if you stood on it and you were
chubby it just went ah
but first you had to lean down and
scrape the aqua net hairspray off of the
i couldn't do this before i lost the
weight you guys should enjoy the
bending over part
walmart has an entire aisle of scales
newfangled scales the first one that i
pulled down
was called the talking scale
marinating that ladies
there's a scale that says your weight
out loud
in the middle of a walmart
don't think a female invented this
device
that's a man doing right there if a
female invented it it would be a smart
scale
if you jumped on it and you gained
weight it would lie to you
you just jump on it be like who's a
pretty little princess
i'm the princess that deserves another
brownie right
i had to try it out i jumped on the
scale it said my weight out loud this
old man came around the corner he goes
what was that missy
i said we're getting a price check on a
flat screen grandpa
mind your own business
there is a sale in electronics
the next scale we pulled down said right
on the box what it does
it's a projection scale
there's a projection scale it says right
on there
conveniently put your weight right onto
the wall
in front of you for your easy
viewing convenience
you get it puts it right there in front
all i think it was man
walmart figured out we can't see our
feet anymore
we had to send up the bat signal on that
one didn't they
no no you got the batman joke though
right there okay
[Laughter]
it is a journey and it takes a team they
hired a trainer my trainer's name is
susan
that's my name yeah she was fascinated
with that too
she was the first day she's like hello
susan
my name's susan don't you think that's
cosmic
i'm a comedian i was like no i think
it's common susan i think
it's it's just common it's not
it's not zanzibar it's susan it's a
symbol
shouldn't make your trainer mad that's
not a good look on their face it just
it just says more reps all over it that
you're
gonna be doing a lot more work that day
right
she told me the trick to her diet was
simple
you know ladies are like there's no
simple diet all you have to do is read
the labels
and don't put anything into your body
that you can't pronounce
those were my rules just read the labels
if you can't pronounce it it's bad for
you don't eat it so i went home
and i ate a bag of sugar
and a stick of butter
[Laughter]
i make cookies inside my belly
it knows the recipe
my body is a wonderland right body
[Music]
last week she told me my food log was
off
i didn't know what a food log was i
thought that's what happened after you
ate
yeah i did it
she told me i put too many olives on top
of my salad
you who want to make a large lady mad
you tell her she ate too many
vegetables last week
too many vegetables that's not even fair
and how can olives be bad for you i
thought
if you opened a can of something
and you couldn't reseal it
that was a serving
especially if it tells you on there how
many of them you can eat
it says all of them
too many oh it's three
you're shocked like me three tiny little
olives is a serving
and i was like lady that's not even
enough for every finger at thanksgiving
you guys do that do you put the olives
do you ever put the bugle hats on top of
the olives
make little witches out of them this
one's you mom
and
that's how you sit at the kids table at
thanksgiving people
get to sit with all the millennials
i like to mess with my millennial nieces
and nephews
i like to ask them funny questions the
other day i asked my niece
who do you think george foreman is
you know she said he's the grilled guy
if you're not laughing it's because you
think he's the grill guy
he's a boxer
she didn't know the difference my son is
a millennial he just turned 18 years old
you guys know what that means
18 means he will no longer be known as
the defendant's mother
he turned 18 and he wanted wheels for
his birthday so i got him a u-haul
that's the parent section over here
he's got them holes in his ears you
should let your kids get those holes
that makes it so much easier to chain
them up
mommy said you're not going anywhere
tonight i went on that
i just got married that's exciting
[Music]
[Applause]
if you ladies want to get a ring this
big you move to a tech town and learn
how to play dungeons and dragons
[Music]
[Applause]
girls exist
i was engaged for 10 years uh being a
fiancee is fun i think i did it for 10
years because fiance reminds
me of beyonce and that was as close as i
was gonna get
to being beyonce he's a big guy too we
met online we met on sugardaddy.com
i know it made me mad too i thought it
was a bake sale
i used to date little guys like you in
my house you're a little guy
but i had to give them up because i kept
losing them
i wake up in the middle of the night and
be like where'd he go
marco
[Music]
did you see him he goes
she's got a good hold on you now you
quit looking at him he's mine
it was a beautiful wedding the colors
for the wedding were sour cream and
onion
thanks we're registered at costco if you
guys want to get us some
you like those big muffins
he told me that i started all the fights
the first year of our relationship
and i said how do you figure that he
said i start fight simply by asking him
when he gets home
what's wrong with you
it's his trigger gets all sensitive
for me that's just communication right
ladies
what's wrong with you so i figured out
if i can get him to ask me that then he
can't say that anymore
and i figured out a way to do it when
i'm mad at him i just start
charging stuff on his amazon account
that's the men groaning right there not
the women
right the first time i charged 98 packs
of beads
within 10 minutes
do you know what that does to a man's
card and his phone
he was sitting at work ping ping
ping
he called after about 75.
he said ani what's going on are you
charging stuff on the amazon account
and i said yep
it's important he knew i was mad right
i said yep this is what he said next
is there something wrong with you
i won
that was one point for me the next time
i was mad at him i charged 300 feet of
hose
he called instantly he said did you just
charge 300 feet of hose and i said
yep and he said what for and i said i'm
trying to figure out how much hose i
need to hook the car exhaust up to your
sleep apnea machine
you know what he said is there something
wrong with you i
won i call that return of the amazon
women
everybody thank you
[Applause]
you cut me off now i can't charge
anything anymore
just tough when you live in seattle
right
i had a blowout on the way to the show
tonight my bra strap wrote
you know hard it is for me to find a bra
that fits here in your town
you guys don't have a big babes and
beyond here
i had to get this bra at o'reilly's auto
i'm wearing a 95 nissan right now
we just went on our first anniversary we
went on a cruise ship to mexico anybody
done this
not very many is this the village do
they let you people leave here
i feel like i'm stuck in an m night
chemical maca movie
you know if you've been there all the
food on the cruise ship is absolutely
free free food you can test them out too
you can like change your clothes and go
to every restaurant
but i'd get to the buffet and that guy
was mean every time i choked the
faith the little guy go oh no not you
again
that's not nice right so i decided that
paybacks were coming and as i was
getting off the ship
and the new people were getting on i was
like have fun everyone i was 130 pounds
when i got on that
eat up it's all free
my favorite superheroes are baskin and
robin
i have a theory i have a theory that
when you die it's an all you can eat
yep you get to get chubby up there
that's why the clouds are fluffy
right what if you die when you see the
light it's just god opening up the
frigerator
[Music]
saying come on in would you like some
chicken
the colonel's here
you people are so polite earlier i was
crossing the street
we parked way down there and this guy
stopped me goes ma'am you're out of
breath do you have asthma
and i said no do you have glaucoma
but it's sweet right we went to comedian
sensitivity training school
everybody's done good though right we're
all right on par
they're telling me they're going to
change some of the nfl teams i'm sure
you men have heard about that
talking about changing the redskins
because they're offensive to native
americans
and i'm thinking the teams is one place
to start but maybe they should start
with the cheers
because when we were in school those
were offensive
you look like you were a cheerleader
ma'am you know
you were right i can tell you you can
see cheerleaders forever
but those cheers were offensive you guys
remember remember be aggressive
be aggressive stop you can't do that
anymore
now you got to be like passive
aggressive
p.a.s.s.i.v
everybody's a winner
what about go bananas you remember go
bananas
go bananas
you're supposed to spell it alexa spell
bananas for these people
b-a-n-a-n you can't do that anymore you
got to stop
you can't do that you got to be like go
bananas or whatever fruit you choose to
identify as that's fine
whatever you ever
if you want to be a kumquat you go ahead
and be a kung fu that's fine
we're all with you on this
go bananas that's so funny you guys
stopped at spelling you're like no
saturday night we're not doing homework
we're not gonna spell for you we
appreciate you guys being here and uh
not staying home watching bad reality
television
anybody still watching survivor
okay we just voted you out of the show
it's like hours of your life you're
never getting back
ever yeah it's like the 38th or 39th
season
that's insane right and you watch it you
know those people don't get skinny and
scrawny on an island
like all on their own it's not natural
we were born and raised on island
history the skipper was on the island 10
years
[Music]
he didn't lose one pound did he
it's fake
if i was online if they did big girl
versus little girl survivor would you
would you guys vote for me
[Applause]
can you see me and be like it's susan
and jeff day five
we haven't seen little becky in three
days
susan have you seen becky
technically jeff there's a little bit of
becky in all of us
i'm a sharer
did you hear that girl says she ate
becky
she ate her
there's too many too many reality shows
i think we should chop some up put some
together and make our own
i have some ideas are you guys ready
all right what do you think of survivor
with intervention
right 16 heroin addicts all alone on an
island
with one spoon
i thought survivor las vegas
we got here early i went to what i got
profiled by a girl scout out in front of
a drug store
do you guys think that's fair you
shouldn't get to sell
cookies in front of a place where
someone's going to get their diabetes
medication that's
this girl scout sees me this little
cookie pimp sitting there and
[Applause]
she was so comfortable she's just
sitting there a little laid back with
her mind on her cookies and her cookies
on her mind
sipping on juicy juice
she sees me and she goes she's mine
what do you do right you can't hit
britney it's in the bible
it's palms 39.
you can't hit spit or kick a girl scout
it's in there you look tomorrow
i tried to sneak past her but i couldn't
get back i get up there and she's
standing there and then she looks over
and she goes hi big lady
she says hi big lady would you like to
buy a case of cookies
she said case
i wanted to hit her again but i didn't i
used my words i looked at her and i said
no britney i don't
i tried their thin mints last year and
they didn't work
thank you
[Applause]
but I promise I well I can't promise it
but I will try to avoid the step for
other stuff quick disclaimer to my dad
and my stepmom Wendy nothing happened
yet okay this is fine this is fine I
like Mike said you know some some
comedians on this show you'll recognize
them from the silver screen but me you
will recognize me from the back doing my
laugh which is just really something to
hear and to see it's almost so loud and
strange you can see it that's kind of my
thing so throughout the show you do like
Anna's here this is an interesting
experience I might say a fever dream to
be up here how might say you know why
would you want to throw out all the
material that you worked on you know
with your material you are able to craft
what the audience interprets you are
able to sort of manipulate who you come
off as who you are seemed to be the best
I mean you guys already know that I want
to [ __ ] my stepbrothers
no I run oh there's nothing behind this
you know Wow
cannot stress it enough parents in the
building you know so crazy oh I can't
wait for Christmas
I can actually I'm Jewish my Mike called
me up he said Hannah do you want to come
to the show I said well where is it and
one is it he said well it's it's at the
Laugh Factory on the 14th I said baby
I'm there he said well there's a catch I
said how tall is he
he said not that kind of catch I said
well then what do I care about the catch
she said you can't do your material I
said I can't do my telephone I can't do
my guitar Michael explains I just like
day in the night over my typewriter
trying to clickety clackety clickety
clackety come up with something to tell
these people that will make them like me
and you say I have to throw it all out
he said yes it's 15 bucks I said I'm
their baby bunny dogs just like us right
now let's get into it huh what's your
name okay everyone new rule that Tom
just said if I ask you your name you
have to do a fun little dance
we have dance per se I want to put that
sort of pressure on you you express
yourself creatively as you see fit but
tom tom has did my talk to you already
okay great
Tom and Tom what brought you out tonight
at a 7:45 to a 7:45 Monday show
[Applause]
[Applause]
you know you work so hard Tom we're
happier here okay guys remember the rule
okay very stern white guys over here
guys
thirty more cents on the dollar okay
remember the dance rule what's your name
[Applause]
when you're not listening to my
interaction with Tom well Ross is it
okay this is Ross Dress for Less he's in
the building Ross can I guess what you
do real estate
I should leave the stage now
[Applause]
[Music]
I grew up poor but I think it's good to
grow up poor because then he know what
to expect later in life a good
personality [ __ ] Oh cuz you
gotta learn to improvise anyone just me
one of my friends is like Christian when
you are poor you're in such denial right
you're like this isn't that bad not
Christian you're sleeping on bricks like
I know some people don't even have that
Oh
look two more bricks I just made a
queen-size [ __ ] look at it [ __ ]
I got you I got you
put your Scooby Doo comforter over it
create your own universe
just me too but when you're poor you
have to work a lot of odd jobs serving
people I used to work at Starbucks until
my [ __ ] head exploded oh because
Starbucks is the new Cheers
cuz everybody knows your name well they
have to they have to write it on the cup
but my favorites when you work with
someone who can't spell so I'm at then
going Manica manica this love Jesus this
Latino girl comes on yes Monica
oh right you know what I make 625 an
hour she can take your spicy attitude
somewhere else
she's like beachy waiter which means
beautiful white woman oh come back
anytime
I used to be a massage therapist and by
that I mean you know people are always
like how'd you get started so I got
started because I was looking on
Craigslist for an ad for gigs and I saw
an ad that said massage girls wanted no
sex and a bunch of dollar signs I was
like that's me so I called the number
and a gentleman answered the phone and I
was like what's the massage
he said hand jobs I said I'm in and then
I was like menifee for hand jobs I am
never doing this for free again so I met
with the guy and it turns out that he
was an alcoholic a drug addict and a
pimp
so naturally I dated him yeah because I
was president of that he might change
foundation
[Applause]
so I stopped doing massages because I
got tired of looking at dicks I got
tired of getting arrested so so I was in
jail for 12 days when you're in jail you
you eat bologna sandwiches for lunch
every single day so being poor prepared
me to be in jail and being in jail
prepared me to be a mom because when
you're a mom you don't be alone Renu in
jail you randomly cry yourself to sleep
when you're a mom you randomly cry but
there's no sleep when you're in jail
you're constantly thinking about your
release date as a mom my release date is
July 27 2013
if you don't have kids yet don't believe
the hype but if you really want kids
my son is for rent you also get
unsolicited parenting advice right from
other parents and I'm like listen you
had your chance to [ __ ] up your kid's
life let me have my chance to [ __ ] them
and what about the people with bad kids
they want to give me advice too
do you have kids they're like no but I
can imagine I was like well I can
imagine being skinny but I'm not giving
you Fitness
[Applause]
[Music]
I am originally from Wisconsin yeah we
got some Wisconsin people in here huh I
was just back here for the holidays I
was in was it was a really tough thing
wanting to come back for the holidays
cuz I I didn't want to I didn't want to
come back for the holidays because I
could fly to Wisconsin from Los Angeles
for $750 or I could fly to Paris for 400
my mom was like you coming home for the
holidays I was like I might go to Paris
she's like what's in Paris I'm like not
you guys it sounds amazing
just want to be eaten out while eating a
croissant
you know like I'm gonna have the best
[ __ ] holiday I'm gonna hang out with
you guys for 750 dollars I did I did it
I did it because my grandma is my best
friend me my grandma are super close and
you don't know how much time you're
gonna have left with your elders you
know my grandma she became a widow about
a year ago and it was kind of this weird
time because she started requesting to
come on tour with me for the first time
ever and I do to her a lot I live in LA
I come here I go to New York a lot and
so she's been like yeah just pick me up
and bring me I want to be here I want to
be a roadie she says I want to be your
groupie I'm like well those are
different grandma do you want to help me
with equipment or do you want to suck my
dick because I don't think I think you
want to be my [ __ ] groupie Graham's
the last time I was performing here in
Chicago I did bring my grandma and we
stayed down the street at a hotel for
four nights in a row and every single
night she stayed out with me in the
other comics till 2:00 in the morning
it's not [ __ ] bad-ass
she's not dead yet so she can't hear the
claps but I'll tell her you guys were
excited the dead people can hear that
stuff my grandma and I stayed at this
hotel down the street it was funny
coming on tour with my grandma because
have you ever left think about this how
awkward it is to leave a comedy club
[ __ ] up at 2:00 in the morning and
leaning on your grandma and acting like
you're doing her some sort of favor
walking down the street like thankful
that I had a crotch and I'm like I hope
I don't break her legs but while we were
staying in this hotel together I had to
do a podcast and grandparents don't
understand podcast it's just the radio
or not the radio right so I was like
Grandma I have to do some radio [ __ ] in
hotel room and she's like okay okay I'll
just hang out in the corner I'm like
yeah just hang out in the corner they're
not gonna know you're in the room she
takes it super literally because that's
what that generation does and she hangs
out in the corner of the hotel room like
this like watches me over her shoulder
the whole time at the end of the podcast
the guys on the other line were like all
right Natasha it's been so fun talking
to you but we just want to know was it
like trying to make it in Los Angeles
what is it like trying to be a comic a
woman in comedy and I kind of took it in
and I was like you know I think we're
all just trying to not die and my
grandma screams from the corner of the
room I've tried
what a [ __ ] die I'm really ready the
grandma's been from podcasts officially
banned after this job to read you guys
something amazing after this trip to
Chicago I called my grandma back in
Wisconsin I was like listen [ __ ] you're
a lot and I love you but like we need to
find some friends that are your age that
know what you're going through and I
signed her up for this widow's Club and
she kind of fought me on it and I was
like just go just go and hang out and
see if you meet some other people that
you enjoy and relate with and she did it
I called her the next day after the
widow's Club and I was like how was it
how was it widows club grandma she's
like I hated it they're all [ __ ] old
and I was like all right cool all right
dropped it next week I get a letter in
the mail it was a letter questionnaire
from the widows Club that my grandma
filled out with six questions to try to
make these women love life again without
their spouses this is my grandma's six
answers to these questions number one
what life haven't you've done yet that
you most desire to do die
[Music]
what's your biggest regret in life not
being dead yet number three what is it
you look forward to the most the end of
life what's your most challenging
obstacle in life waking up when you wake
up in the morning what is your first
thought oh [ __ ] not again and finally
this is got me my favorite what's number
one on your bucket list any guesses died
right most people think I'm number one
in your bucket list see Italy oh really
[ __ ]
the only thing that makes you happy is
the most expensive [ __ ] place know
how hard it is to save up for Italy so
when I got this letter then I started
saving for Italy and I did surprise my
grandmother at Christmas with a trip to
Italy
thank you the whole time I was saving up
for it I was like this [ __ ] better
before I say
Nnamani what if she dies when I surprise
her what if we get to Italy and then she
suddenly dies like there's so many
things that go through her head and
you're surprising an elderly person I
surprised her with this gift and and
Wisconsin over the holidays and I kid
you not she opens the box and I have
this voucher for Italy and I was like
grandma were going to Italy and she goes
hmm
how long is that flight I was like it's
about 14 hours and she goes I swear to
you I wanted to kill her I was like I'll
make your wishes come on [ __ ] so she
doesn't want to fly to Italy this is the
bottom line so while I was home for the
holidays I decided with my mom that my
mom and I are gonna go to Italy and I'm
gonna take grandma to Epcot Center we're
gonna take pictures in the fake Italy
here we're just gonna small
[Music]
oh i do have to do something about this
snoring
because my husband's a patient man but
it's been a long time
you know what i mean because i don't do
that little like breeze flowing through
the leaves like that's what it sounds
like
no that's sweet i could take this roof
off
um and so i went to the doctor and i
told him i said doc you got to help me
like i'm going to be eating a pillow
here soon okay he can't take it no more
and the longer this rock's on the worse
it gets he said lisa it's gotten so bad
the longer you've been married
is because of the weight gain which
don't make no sense
because my nose is the same size today
[Applause]
as it was the day i got married
matter of fact it's the only part of me
still fits in that wedding dress
i just think it's important to be trying
to be healthy right i'm not making fun
of that i think you should be healthy
and
move more eat better yada yada whatever
myth they got going
um and don't come up to me after the
show talking about clean eating okay
cause i tried that i tested that sucker
out and that don't work
i ate a whole birthday cake in the
shower
i didn't lose a pound
but i started i i just said i got to do
something i got to join a health club or
something and so i started going to
curves
and uh and i thought i was trying to get
a scholarship
and uh
and my friend said forget that you need
to do crossfit
anybody know about crossfit
listen those people are insane
[Music]
if you don't know what crossfit is allow
me to explain crossfit is where you work
out in someone's garage
with a rope and a bucket while they yell
at you
for 130 dollars a month
we were in there they had me flipping
tires i was flipping tires to this side
of the room and then flipping tires to
this side
i think that was a labor camp
i might have been loading somebody's
truck and i didn't know it
but y'all i found this i'm gonna leave
you with this i found the perfect
perfect thing
planet fitness planet fitness
their whole slogan is no judgments no
judgment so when i come in with a box
fan and a carton ice cream
well that's how i cool down
[Laughter]
they don't say a word but the best thing
about planet fitness y'all you get a
free trainer
which is great because trainers are
expensive so i got my my free
trainer his name was steve i knew steve
and i wasn't gonna hit it off
real good when i first saw him because
it looked like for lunch steve had half
a tic tac
and
steve said miss mills listen the secret
to getting in shape and losing weight
and just feeling better is you got to
have goals do you have any goals miss
mills
and i said well yeah i'd like to be able
to cross my legs
[Applause]
by myself
[Applause]
he said they need to be more specific
than that miss mills do you have some
specific goals
i was like okay right over left
work with me steve
so we're not working together anymore uh
but i got this new one and he's fabulous
y'all's name's hank and hank gets me i
think it's important when you're working
with somebody on
on a health journey just have somebody
that gets you and hank said forget steve
miss mills the secret to losing weight
getting in shape and feeling better is
you just gotta have fun
and so that's why three times this week
hank and i've been fishing
i mean i don't go we face time but
y'all i think it's working i ain't felt
this good in a long time
provo y'all are fantastic thank you so
[Applause]
much
yes my name is Iman but it's spelled
with a why why M a and E my dad got a
little fancy on us
it means faith in Arabic the only faith
I had growing up as a kid was people are
gonna butcher the [ __ ] out of my name
worst time for me as a kid
attendance time in class the teachers in
front of the room all the students
shouting why Manny you mate but my
all-time favorite llaman
can you believe it I look at the teacher
and I'm like you're not say my name
right you're dumb but should me name
your bamboo cards
I'm originally from Morocco oh yes for
those of you who are culturally woke in
the room you guys know that's in North
Africa
so I'm African you guys and every time I
told kids I was African they always had
this really puzzled confused look on
their face like really you're an African
oh my god
I really think they just expected my dad
to be walking around with a deadline on
his back like he's King Joffe from
coming to America talking about what is
my daughter she is stomping around the
streets of New York acting like a crazy
woman we need to find her a king so I'm
happily married you guys I know that's
not relatable
as my husband and I were getting ready
to come out here tonight I look over and
you guys we have the same exact mirror
faces you know the faces we all make in
front of the mirror when we're filling
ourselves you know we're just like in
front of the mirror like mmm you know
I'm doing my hair and my makeup and I'm
just like puckering you know I look over
he's doing the same exact thing the same
exact thing the only thing he adds are
y'all ready for this the only thing he
adds he'll be in front of the mirror and
he's like
[Laughter]
he rubs his hands together I don't know
what he's warming up for and he looks
over at me he's like baby think I shall
file eight them with this jacket tonight
[Laughter]
think I should disrespect them with this
one and I'm like absolutely baby kill
him with that one boo so it takes us
like two hours to get anywhere but I
swear you guys I'm so grateful in all
seriousness I have the most incredible
dope magical connection with my husband
it's I'm grateful I know it's rare but
alright there's a button there his dick
and I have a more magical connection
it's like we have our own relationship
you guys sometimes I'm going down on him
and you know I'm in my zone and he's
just like oh my god and I'm like there's
got nothing to do with you we're having
a moment down here like business
[Applause]
[Music]
i mean here's the thing it's a good
thing i'm married in all honesty i just
celebrated 17 years of being with the
same person
right
oh
people are always like oh my god what's
the secret what is your secret to
staying with someone for so long and my
secret honestly i just married someone
who's really old i know that sounds
[ __ ] up but here's the thing he's
never gonna cheat on me you know because
he's tired and
i i know that sounds [ __ ] up listen he
was gonna come to this show tonight but
it started at 9 30 and he went to bed
like five hours ago oh
he's a great guy
tucked daddy in with his bib on you know
this little diaper type
oh my god wait do you guys want to hear
something [ __ ] up okay so i was
actually doing this joke in reno
whatever and
yeah and after the show these people
came up to me and they were like wait
does your husband really wear diapers
and i was like
depends
[Laughter]
oh my god i know it's so hacky but it
just makes so much sense right
oh you guys i don't mean to [ __ ] on him
i'm sorry but he already does that to
himself um
[Laughter]
i'm just kidding he's sitting right back
there give it up for him for supporting
my career
oh my god you guys you don't have to
clap he can't hear you just like smile
and wave smile and wave
[Music]
you
I love listening to when an audience has
the listen system like stuff that's not
politically correct as you but you see
sometimes people take it too far like a
friend of mine she takes political
correctness if I she's had a baby right
so the baby had like wholesome stuff
around his mouth and she wanted to wipe
it away so she said to me can you pass
the Muslim please and then she would all
you don't have to say that anymore are
you I said what I said why not she said
because it sounds like Muslim this is
what she's thinking that because it's
house I said baby you are still allowed
to say the word Muslim there's not going
to bring a jihad crashing down on your
head like what do you think what we
should we do like so as not to cause
offense like mind me instead like I was
talking to ever such a nice them I told
the the least politically correct thing
I ever saw I was on a bus you know we
had the 7/7 bombings there were some
terrorist bombings so the guys had their
bones in a rucksack so after that
everyone was a little bit jumpy around
brown people with bags so it's alright
we all did it anyways so I was on a bus
top deck of a bus and there was a brown
man at the back of the bus and damn it
I'm gonna say he had a bag and this is
very shortly after the the bombings
happened anyway so everyone was just
watching him just absolutely transfixed
by this guy just praying quietly to
themselves and then they just started
moving like one seat away from this guy
one see now what sort of bomb did they
think that this guy was packing they had
a blast radius of one seat
you know they think he was gonna go oh
all over me this is gonna come out in a
hot wash you know it's ridiculous is one
thing so I didn't move but mainly out of
social embarrassment you know you don't
like to cause a scene I'd rather die
so anyways um but I was looking from the
back of the bus from the front of the
bus looking at the vaccine this whole
thing going on and and the guy you know
like when you got the corner of your eye
you start to become aware that there's
movement he just realized people moving
and he looked up and he saw that people
clear this huge space around him and
this is all he did it was beautiful
it just looked around him just look to
everyone looked at me he just went
kaboom
I loved that man I love that man I'm not
gonna lie a little bit of pee came out
is the shock isn't it is the shock in
these situation
I have two degrees in clarinet so yeah
that's why I do comedy a clarinet never
comes in handy for anything unless maybe
you're driving and then you hit a deer
and you don't have a crowbar in your
trunk to put it out of its misery Wow
last time I hit a deer I had my clarinet
with me and I only got through like two
songs and he was out
yeah that's that's how good I am my
first job was that actually beginning
band teacher that's what I did yeah no
that is the job from a Qi double hockey
sticks I mean it to I think like
somebody went bound to hell and scooped
up some of the molten material and
brought it back and cooled it off is
that behold flutes and recorders ah do
you remember the recorders oh that
little plastic whistle you think it's
plastic it's genuine Hellfire brimstone
yeah and every time you play the
recorder it calls the devil yeah yeah
yeah and then the devil is like god crap
I gotta go up there and hear Hot Cross
Buns again
[Applause]
if there ever anything to make all the
dark forces in the world repent it'd be
30 elementary kids playing hot cross bun
on recorder for three months you know
and when you're a teacher first-year
teacher you have such high hopes you're
like yeah kids for the holiday program
this year we're gonna play something
from Beethoven's ninth yeah by the third
year you're like okay you little turds
I'm pretty sure this year we're just
gonna play jingle bells and we're gonna
go ahead and play it again for the
spring concert
[Applause]
you
she was just getting through her
three-hour grueling shift at target
so i graduated from college in 1986 from
the university of georgia and if you do
the quick math that makes me 55 years
old
and i love being over 50. there's
something magical about
particularly as a woman about being over
50s i just don't care what people think
anymore and it's
very freeing it's really fun
and it happened in target in south
portland maine right after my
50th birthday it was february it was
snowing and in maine probably like here
it snows and they give you these towels
at target to wipe out the snow out of
the shopping carts they come in from the
parking lot
this particular day i got there and they
were all the shopping carts were wet but
there were no towels but there was this
little
millennial girl at the door and she was
the target greeter that day
and her name was amanda and she was just
getting through her three-hour grueling
shift at target
and i said amanda where are those towels
these shopping carts so wet she goes uh
they're still wet from last night
i said it's two o'clock in the afternoon
she goes i know it's almost time for my
break
well how am i supposed to shop these are
wet she said well you could just take it
in the bathroom and wipe it out with a
paper towel
done and i thought you know my 30 year
old self would have gone
in the bathroom and wiped it out with a
paper towel my 40 year old self would
have called amanda's manager over and we
would have had a discussion about
customer service and how bad amanda
sucked at it
[Music]
but my 50 year old self just took my
shopping cart directly to the first
clothing section that i came to
and i just lined it with little boys
t-shirts and soaked up all the water in
there
and then i shot for an hour and a half
then i got to the checkout line i paid
for the things that i wanted i got down
with those shirts i said you know what
i've decided
i don't want these they're wet
[Music]
maybe amanda can wipe them out on her
little break
i'm 50.
so as i have gotten older i've noticed
that my magazine subscriptions have
changed
i don't get people magazine anymore
because i don't know any of the people
and people who are these people i don't
care
i stopped getting cosmo a long time ago
because they had those little quizzes in
there
what's your love making style i don't
know i'm 55
i got three kids i got two jobs here's
my love making style
you want to do what
like right now i have so much to do
[Applause]
i have a list you're not on it sorry
all right there's that magazine called
real simple and everything in it is just
real hard
create your own cactus garden no
make your bathroom a sanctuary have you
seen my bathroom no
now my favorite magazine right now is
called garden and gun
and it is a real magazine for
middle-aged southern women who like to
pull weeds and contemplate who we want
to shoot right in the head
[Music]
and it's true middle-aged women want to
shoot at least five people in the head
every day
we do but we don't do it because that's
wrong that's murder
so what do we do if somebody makes us
mad we call up our friends
and we go fellowship and we have our
walk-in groups
you'll see you will see middle-aged
women walking together and we are
walking and talking
and walking and talking and we are
getting all that out of every day
and my husband's like why don't you just
go for a run by yourself i'm like i
can't
we are saving lives
[Applause]
this is why serial killers are always
men
they don't have a walking group to go to
they have all this anger and frustration
it just comes out as murder
we prevented three murders this morning
in our walking group
one of them was yours
[Applause]
this is my first time to utah i'm so
happy to be here i live in maine
uh but i grew up in georgia my go dogs
go dogs my husband's from boston so our
kids are bilingual we're very proud
i'm so proud of that my husband and i
just celebrated our 24th wedding
anniversary
24 years he's awesome after 24 years
you'd think there wouldn't be any
surprises
but he called me up and he said hey i
got something i need to tell you i've
been thinking about this you might want
to sit down
i've decided to become a vegan
and i'm a supportive wife so i said
honey that sounds
terrible
are you sure and he said yes and he's
doing it he gets up every morning at six
a.m he puts
he puts fruits and vegetables in a very
loud blender
and then he tries to make me drink it
i made this one with kale and wheat
grass and almond milk try it i'm like no
don't you want to be healthy no
no i want bacon
[Applause]
and eggs and sausage and cheese and
hamburgers and hot dogs and happiness
i want to eat all the parts of all the
farm animals
he said but i made this with almond milk
it's really good it tastes like a
milkshake no it does not
it tastes like grass clippings it does
not taste like a milkshake
no and just because you put the word
milk after the word almond doesn't make
it milk
and the dairy farmers are very upset
about this
the dairy farmers want us to call almond
milk what it really is
nut juice
[Applause]
it was on the news it was on the news oh
i'd like a really tall cold glass
of nut juice
i'd like to dip my oreo cookies in nut
juice
ew so
my husband and i share a closet i don't
recommend this for any new couples out
there
don't do it it was a bad idea but we're
stuck with it
i've been trying to clean out this
closet for the past eight months
using the marie condo decluttering
method
i see some of you know it if you don't
know it congratulations
you're supposed to put all your clothes
on the bed and then you're supposed to
go through each
piece one at a time and then if you if
you ask the magic question
does this spark joy
if the answer is yes you keep it if the
answer is no then you take it to
goodwill now
sadly the marie kondo decluttering
method only works on things
not people
[Applause]
or else there'll be a lot of teenagers
dropped off at the goodwill
so i got through my clothes and i told
him i'd help him with his so we got
through
one shirt of his i held it up and he
said
you want me to ask that shirt what
does that shirt spark joy what does that
even mean
does it mean do i like it i don't know
you
bought it
do you think this shirt sparks joy for
me
[Applause]
i didn't even know this shirt was in
this closet
this may not even be my shirt
are you having an affair
didn't go well so the only person having
an affair in our house
is our dog who thinks he's having an
affair with me
because my husband won't let the dog
sleep in the bed with us and when my
husband goes out of town i let the dog
sleep with me
he's hairy he snores it's just like
having my husband there
[Applause]
but when my husband comes home the dog
knows he's done wrong
and he's broken the rules so he will not
make eye contact with my husband
he just looks at the floor i'm sorry i'm
sorry
i slept with your wife i am so sorry
[Applause]
there is another cleaning method that
they do in sweden it's called
swedish death cleaning this is a real
thing
the premise behind swedish death
cleaning is you're supposed to get rid
of all your clutter before you die so
that you don't burden your loved ones
with all your stuff right
well i'm not doing it i have cleaned up
after these people way too long
no no right before i die i'm gonna buy a
giant warehouse
and i'm going to fill it with dirty
laundry
[Music]
just stinky socks and wet towels and
wadded up
underwear and then i'm gonna hide all my
cash money
in the dirty laundry
so they have to go through all the
laundry to find the cash money
and then i'm going to occasionally just
stick a note in there that says see haha
in this fun
[Music]
you should have picked up your socks
don't do it oh my gosh so um i had to
get a passport photo made recently
because i renew my passport did you know
they do them at walgreens
who knew i went in there and i told the
guy behind the counter i'm like hey i
need to get my passport photo made and
he said
okay like he was not happy he just took
the job to sell toothpaste and they're
making him run the sears portrait studio
so
we walked over and he pulls down this
screen he says stand here and he pulls
the screen down
gets at his camera and he started to
count one
two three and then i did what i've done
my whole life if somebody holds up a
camera and counts
i smiled and he said no no you can't
smile it's a passport photo it has to be
a neutral expression i said hey i'm a
smiley person
this is my neutral see i'm happy i'm sad
[Applause]
i'm terrified
i hate you
i'm a southern woman they are all the
same
so he said no no you can't show your
teeth i'm like hey i wore a headgear at
junior high school for four years
i'm showing my teeth in this passport
photo
because i said this little rule list
there it was it said hey can't wear a
hat
can't close your eyes and you can't have
a toothy smile i'm like okay
we'll try again so i stood over there
and he got his camera out and he started
to count
one two and then i opened my eyes real
big
and then i smiled real big and when he
got to three i just covered up my teeth
like this
now this is my passport photo
[Applause]
when i go to the airport and i go
through tsa they're like ms morgan are
you under the influence of any drugs or
medications
like yes i am i got them at walgreens
i have three children i have two sons
and one daughter and
they say as teenagers that girls are a
little harder to parent
than boys and i think i see someone
clapping yes
so many people in agreement and i think
i think it's true because i think
girls are just adult women in training
right they have all the raw ingredients
of adult women
disdain spite
revenge great intelligence
a few irrational thoughts
you but they haven't yet learned how to
use their evil powers for good yet
right
[Applause]
so as teenagers you're just like those
windsock people in front of the
furniture store
they go up they go down you don't know
when or why just
they look almost human but they're not
now the boys i will tell you are a
little more too fun to hang out with at
teenage as teenagers
but they smell
there's just a funk and i don't know why
because they shower a lot
for extended periods of time
[Music]
they should be clean is all i'm saying
and i don't know if you know this about
teenagers brains i didn't know this
until i had three of them there are
frontal lobes of their brains have not
finished forming together okay
so their brains are actually in their
skull just
floating around in there
just flopping around so what you get
particularly with the boy teenagers is
you get a good choice
a good choice a good choice and then a
doofus
and then a good choice and then a doofus
and if you get two doofus choices in a
row
your insurance premiums go up
[Applause]
my uh my oldest actually my youngest
dude because i'll start with him my
youngest doofus
is a doomsday prepper
apparently i've let him watch too many
episodes of the walking dead because
he's
filling our basement with survival
supplies
at first i made fun of him and i thought
oh what if the zombies really come our
family's survival depends on the
choices of this 17 year old boy
so we're just gonna be in a basement in
cumberland maine surviving off of
flaming hot cheetos
blue mountain dew
and reading a lot of victoria's secret
catalogs
[Applause]
my oldest doofus is a junior in college
and
when i dropped him off at his freshman
year i took him to get his dorm room
supplies before i dropped him off and we
went to bed bath and beyond
he had never been to bed bath beyond
apparently he thought the sheets and
towels just came with our house
so we went in there and we had this list
of dorm room things he needed the first
thing he needed was
extra long twin sheets i'm like okay
they got gray white or pink he said i
want white i said you're getting gray
we're just going to start off with the
color they're going to end up at the end
of the school year
put him in the buggy and then he says to
me wait what's the thread count
on those and i said do you even know
what thread count means
he said yeah no but the highest is the
best right i'm like okay these are dorm
room sheets they're not the best
they're the worst if the thread count is
12 you're lucky but it doesn't matter
because these sheets aren't coming back
to my house don't want to see these
sheets ever again
i don't want to know what happens on
these sheets for the next nine months
and i don't want to see them again it
doesn't matter what the thread count is
at the bottom of the garbage dumpster
put them in there
so the next thing we needed was a pillow
i said go get yourself a pillow so he
goes in he goes through all these
pillows at bed bath and beyond he picks
one out he goes
i want this one it's made of organic
bamboo fronds and baby gosling feathers
it's only two hundred dollars i selected
a different pillow
[Music]
so you see this one it's made from
polyester
it's only six dollars and when you puke
red hunch punch up all over it
it will be a lot less sad at the bottom
of the garbage dumpster
[Music]
now my daughter is a freshman in college
this year
which means it's very different to go
shopping for dorm room stuff for girls
than boys now my son left he had the one
pillow the set of disposable sheets and
a towel that he like grabbed
out of the dirty clothes on the way out
the door
my daughter furnished a luxury penthouse
condominium
we had coordinated bedding and original
artwork and mood lighting
and everything had to be just right so
we went to three different stores to get
the marker board that goes outside
their dorm room so she and her roommate
could write notes to each other i said
honey you're in a co-ed dorm
it doesn't matter how cute this marker
board is some boy is going to draw
lewd pictures on it doesn't matter and
then she wanted
the husband pillow she had to have the
husband pillow i said honey we all think
we want the husband pillow and then we
get the husband pillow we realize it
takes up way too much space in the bed
and it just sits there in front of the
television
[Applause]
so between my three kids i think i've
been on about 836 college tours
and after 836 college tours you realize
they're kind of all the same you get the
very perky tour guide
hey my name is paisley i'm a junior
majoring in marketing and communications
with a minor in women's studies and
biophysics
today during the tour i will be walking
backwards and this is so that i can
maintain eye contact with you and so
that you will be
nervous for the next two hours
our first stop on the tour today is the
dining hall our dining hall
has gluten free dairy free allergy free
nut free
vegan vegetarian and chicken fingers
our next stop is the library now the
library you'll notice is the bottom
floor is where you can study and talk
with your friends
but each level of the library gets
quieter and quieter
there's no talking on the top level of
the library
i'm not allowed on the top level of the
library
our last stop is going to be a dorm room
now today we're just going to show you a
sample dorm room so that you will see
what a dorm room would look like
if it did not have real college students
living in it
[Applause]
we were going to show you a real dorm
room but someone puked red hunch punch
up
all over it
um i also i like to ride bikes my
husband bought me a bicycle last year
for my birthday he's a really sweet guy
he said go to the bike store just pick
out whichever one you want and that i'll
buy that for your birthday so i went to
the bike store
walked in there this very nice young man
named curtis waited on me he's maybe 22
maybe 23 years old
young guy he said okay try out your bike
go in the parking lot if you like it
come back and tell me so i rode this
bike in the parking lot came in i said
curtis
i like this bike i want to buy this bike
but i don't like this bicycle seat
it hurts me and he said oh
not a problem we can change out the seat
so he runs to the back room and he comes
back with another seat
another really uncomfortable looking
seat
that looks just like the one i just got
off of except this one has
a groove down the middle
very narrow groove and he said see
this one's for girls
i said yes curtis this one's for girls
young
virtuous girls i'm neither young nor
virtuous
i've created three human beings inside
my body
and i've pushed them out of the part of
my body that's going to be sitting on
this bicycle seat
[Applause]
so what i'm going to need you to do for
me curtis is get me some
wide seats preferably with some sort of
soothing
gel insert
because this part of my body needs a
vacation
curtis
and curtis turned bright red and ran
away
and he came back with the owner of the
store who was a guy like my age
and the guy says to me curtis says you
have a question
it's like yes i have a question i like
this bike i want to buy this bike i
don't like this bicycle seat
it hurts me can i get another one he
said how many kids do you have
[Applause]
and i said three he said i'll be right
back
comes back with the holy grail the big
soft bicycle seat with a soothing gel
insert he said
here i think you'll like this seat my
wife barbara has this seat
i think she's in your walking group
it's free it's free take it it's free
so i also swim i go to the y to swim and
there's a lady that comes to my wives
very very inspirational she's in her
mid-80s but she swims every day
but she's one of those people who comes
in the wild locker room who does not
think she needs a towel
and i just think everybody needs a towel
you know they're not heavy get a towel
so she came in there and she not too
long ago she
got her shower came in the locker room
no towel we're all in there and she goes
over to her locker
and she puts on her bra and then she
puts on her turtleneck sweater that's
got little trees on it and then she puts
a big turtleneck sweater on top of that
cable net and so from the waist up she's
completely dressed
and from the waist down nothing
and then with a room full of women she
turned her back
and bent over
[Music]
to her clothing bag this yellow bean
tote bag
and she's rummaging and rummaging for
what we all hoped would be
her underpants
and she's rummaging rummaging rummaging
and we're looking everywhere except in
her direction
[Music]
and finally she said i know i had panty
zone when i came here
because i went to the grocery store
first
which makes me love her even more
because she's an active senior she's
inspirational and she's a lady
and she knows that ladies do not go to
the grocery store commando
i'll leave you guys with this again a
reason that my my husband i've been
married for 24 years he's a great guy
really is
um he's helpful when i'm driving he
likes to read the speed limit signs
and a couple years ago i signed up for a
it's a race
swimming race in the ocean and you you
swim from peaks island maine
over to the mainland of portland maine
so you're in the ocean for like two and
a half miles
and they you have to have a kayaker go
with you i guess in case a shark attacks
you they're there to pick up the body
parts i'm not really sure
so i said to my husband hey i'm gonna
sign up for this race will you please be
my
kayaker he said of course i just have
one question
can i fish while i'm doing it
[Music]
and i said yes i'm karen morgan thank
you all so much
[Applause]
you
ah I just had a baby I just had a baby
you guys a year and a half ago what I
like to say judge people like you look
amazing and then I say a year and a half
ago they go maybe less cards we could
cut down so my this is my I've given up
sweater I like you don't know what's
happening is it winter woo or is it cake
it's a [ __ ] cake a little bit of both
the truth ah I I still look a little
pregnant and that's why concise because
I had a woman in Gelson's things are
going pretty good and I could be here uh
in the checkout line reach her hand down
yeah exactly what you're thinking and
she I'm watching in slow motion oh if
she's reaching down for my belly and
she's like when are you due and she was
rubbing my baby in here but there's no
baby in here so she was just rubbing
Pizza cheeseburgers and other bad
choices and that she went oh is that an
elbow I feel
so I said yes cuz I have just had
chicken wings what's up party people
i'm comedian Ranji if you think that
videos the lyrics feel free to like
share and comment on the video below or
you can see us live at Hollywood Long
Beach Reno and Vania don't block your
blessing uh yeah
I am getting a little older I'm not old
but I'm in my 30s is anyone in that age
range here yeah wow you're pretty happy
about it that's good
good job usually they're like yeah here
it's funny because for some reason the
second you turn 30 you start saying
you're old you're like that's it I'm old
now
I'm old and then for 10 years you just
keep saying it you're like I'm old I'm
old I'm old I'm old and then you turn 40
and you're like now I'm old I could have
been young for an extra 10 years but I
wasted it saying I was old now I've lost
10 extra years where he could have been
young then you turn 80 you're like now
I'm really old I could have been just
kind of old now I'm really old then you
die and you're like I could have been
alive for 82 and a half years now I'm
dead I can't even have this brilliant
thought so my point is none of us are
old because we're still here
yeah still doing it who's in their 20s
anybody all right yeah you're you're
happier that's good twenty twenties I
don't relate to it's like it's a good
time but I don't relate to it anymore
because I'm like you guys are so cute
because you still think you matter
like the rest your life is just this
really long journey where you'll find
out you matter less and last and less
every day and then you die not to give
it away but that's
what you can look forward to I feel like
you spend your twenties sort of waiting
for your life to start you know you guys
look so young are you how old are you 20
exactly
he's just so ready for it to start
already right and that's how it is
you're like next year I'm gonna I'm
gonna get that big job and my life is
gonna start and then another year goes
by you're like next year I'm gonna fall
madly in love and my life is gonna start
then another year goes by and you're
like next year I'm gonna get two towels
and my life is gonna start and then you
turn 30 and you're like it started this
is my life like waiting for the bus to
come you're already on the bus you're
like wins the bus getting here and
they're like you are on it you are on
the bus you're like why am i riding a
bus
[Music]
there's activities that I want to do as
much in my 30s like I went to a bar
recently with my friend and we lasted
like five minutes and got bored we're
like you want to go yeah let's let's go
and as we're walking our cars my friends
like oh my god Erica we're getting older
we're not fun anymore no no no that's
not what's happening okay it's not that
we're not fun anymore it's oh we're
getting older and we're getting smarter
and we're starting to realize it was
never fun we just pretended this whole
time
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app download it now to watch my
whole special
my favorite show on TV it's called man
vs. food you guys good show if you
haven't seen it this dude goes around
America to all these different
restaurants where they have eating
challenges like if you finish this
10-pound burger in under an hour you get
a t-shirt no self-respect right you guys
so I love this show I'm not gonna lie
though I mostly watch it because I have
a crush on the host I have really low
standards and I think he's adorable
look he's at the top of my bang list
right now if I ever saw him in public I
would go out too and I'd be like hi Adam
Richman my name is Kathleen McGee and I
have an eating challenge for you
[Applause]
if you can finish it in under an hour
congratulations you're the winner taking
home
my sex drive is through the roof ever
since the weight loss was a nightmare no
tell you that I'm so horny everyone's
just everyone's just like oysters and
avocados are aphrodisiacs no salmon lean
meat scam you know anything that's the
aphrodisiac brisk walks anyway I'm so
horny I'm trying to you know get out
there approach this problem don't try
and get dating advice from my friends
but a lot of my friends are hot people
have you ever met these monsters these
cycles hot people and I feel the room
talking up I feel it I'm here if you are
offended that I can't have people cycles
and monsters this is a problem you do
need to put your ego back because I said
the word hot with no physical
description and you were like talking
about me you know it's not about you you
don't know what I'm into her crazy you
don't know me you don't know crazy
anyway I know my wonder she's a model to
the worst one she was like she's like
Felicia
if you won't guys to ask y'all [ __ ]
do what I do just do what I do stare at
oh no she told me to do shoes I just
stared at it and I feel so bad I don't
like I like eye contact with men
I'm so sorry I know it's too intense I
was setting feminism back years when I
realize you can just like show a little
titty you know what I mean it like they
look at your titty I was like I didn't
want it I don't get a little bit the
worst thing on my titty is a hair look
at you know what I mean I got a look at
you looking I'm gonna [ __ ] you know but
don't look at my eyes you know my soul's
in there
you know what I'm saying my dad's in
there you go talk to anybody good dog
but I was like fine let me try this do
it so uh I want us to look over here we
saw two guys I was like these see to it
he says oh so so she starts tearing out
one guys super cute they going back and
forth he come on he come from the
volumizer drink they start dancing
kissing it's like damn look at [ __ ]
you know some of the neighbors friend we
go back and forth a long time
Sookie you know maybe holding this deep
heat on the bar I'm like hey he's like
hey do we have a [ __ ] problem I was
flirting so I was like but I did find
him cuz you man for me bottom part don't
worry you won't do any can't fight don't
worry I wanted nice to be touched up all
right I'm not gonna pay I'm just saying
I'm just saying
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below hi I have resting beautiful cherub
face I told my mother I wanted to do
comedy and she said so you're trying to
be like that Amy Schumacher my mother
never hugged me because she's British
and I'm not a horse
my mother's tried to be more supportive
recently I asked her what she would do
if I killed someone
she said I'll help you the first time
but not if you keep doing it I have
mother issues similar to father issues I
never came to terms with they expelled
from the womb it's my ultimate fantasy
to crawl back up my mother's womb that
woman never lets me near her vagina
clearly you guys don't remember it I
have a have a lot of wound memories this
one time she farted and it was better
than any roller coaster I've been on as
an adult or a child
do you know when you're bombing of
course you do you're American that was a
political joke I hate neo-nazis anybody
else they're nothing like the original
Nazis I hate fat shaming my brother was
fat and I used to call him fat and he
got anorexia and died
that didn't happen he's still fat but it
could have and it haunts me I've had sex
dreams about every member of my family
except my sister and it's messed me up
why can't I do my sister
my sister's a doctor now
she saves lives but she doesn't make
people laugh apparently neither do I
know it's it's serious she's not funny
it's sad for her and it's sad for her
patients whereas I actually made someone
die laughing not literally someone came
up to me after a show and said I made
them feel nauseous you're welcome my
parents got divorced just before I was
born so I feel rather really lucky that
they never had sex I was alive that's
disgusting
when I was a kid my dad got in a fight
with his girlfriend and she shouted at
him stop drinking liquor and my dad told
me afterwards that Luca meant coffee and
I felt confused because I never saw my
dad drink coffee but I did see my
hard-working single mother drink coffee
so from then on I told everyone that my
mother needed liquor to get out of bed
in the morning the teachers at school
hugged me and said I was brave
my parents did get divorced just before
I was born and they lived in separate
countries so the first time I saw them
in the same room was at my college
graduation and I'm thinking of planning
an elaborate Parent Trap where I do
several master's degrees my brother does
really good impressions of all the
characters from Harry Potter and I could
do impressions of his impressions watch
it Potter thank you that was that was
mark
that was Malfoy hello Harry
thank you um that was Hagrid Harry no
thank you that was my knee or Ron Thanks
well I better go you have no idea how
much energy it is to be this low energy
on stage
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll tell you a little bit about myself
I actually I'm kind of lucky because I'm
I'm so gay that I never had to come out
so that was incredibly convenient in my
hate I'm never trying I was like yeah
I'm like at one point I was like hey mom
dad or no no we're gonna stop you there
because quite frankly we are very
insulted kind of like a gay guy in that
sense cuz a lot of lesbians they can
hide it you know they're kind of thin
you can't always tell but with a gay guy
it doesn't matter if he doesn't you know
you could always tell if a guy is
closeted because he's got this like a
little sparkle and it's high just like a
little twinkle that kind of looks at you
you know like I I've got a secret
this guy knows exactly what I'm too hard
he just plays heads up he's got half one
hand painted his fingernails blue
that's totally nailed that it's just a
drink oh it's this Winchell
the other thing about me I'm trying to
lose some weight that's kind of my goal
lost about 25 pounds recently thank you
no I'm just kidding I just do that for
the applause this bums me out I'm still
fat as [ __ ] no I did I lost some weight
lesson weight it's hard cuz I like I
like talking about it but it's also like
you know I'm such a confident person I
want anyone to think I'm like trying to
change myself I love Who I am you know
my main thing I want to get skinnier I
have I have a goal okay I want to be
able to go for a run on the street and
people don't look at me like huh good
for her that's my new year resolutions
stop being somebody else's motivation
[Music]
my trainer's name is susan that's my
name
yeah she was fascinated with that too
she wrote the first day she's like
hello susan my name's susan
don't you think that's cosmic i'm a
comedian i was like no i think it's
common
susan i think
it's it's just common it's not
it's not zanzibar it's susan it's a
symbol
shouldn't make your trainer mad that's
not a good look on their face it just
it just says more reps all over it that
you're
gonna be doing a lot more work that day
right
she told me the trick to her diet was
simple
now ladies are like there's no simple
types all you have to do is read the
labels
and don't put anything into your body
that you can't pronounce
those were my rules just read the labels
if you can't pronounce it it's bad for
you don't eat it so i went home
and i ate a bag of sugar
and a stick of butter
i make cookies inside my belly
it knows the recipe
my body is a wonderland right body is
last week she told me my food log was
off
i didn't know what a food log was i
thought that's what happened after you
ate
yeah i did it
she told me i put too many olives on top
of my salad
you who want to make a large lady mad
you tell her she ate too many vegetables
last week
too many vegetables that's not even fair
and how can olives be bad for you i
thought
if you opened a can of something
and you couldn't reseal it
that was a serving
especially if it tells you on there how
many of them you can eat it says
all of them
many oh it's three
you're shocked like me three tiny little
olives is a serving
and i was like lady that's not even
enough for every finger at thanksgiving
you guys do that you put the olives do
you ever put the bugle hats on top of
the olives
make little witches out of them this
one's you mom and
nobody puts mariah carey through any of
this
i made it to provo utah
now i'm a new yorker that's a big deal
so if i scare you i'm sorry
we have a tendency to be loud and i
don't mean to be loud but i am um
i was raised being loud that's how we
are in new york
i was in texas doing a show and they
said you know how come you new yorkers
are always shouting
i'm like because we don't carry a gun so
you know texas they got their guns on
them
this is how we keep from getting robbed
by shouting
i'm serious i'll be in brooklyn trying
to make it to the subway i gotta look
psychotic just to
[Music]
go to the a train nobody mess with me
you walk past the guy's house you're
like oh excuse me
it's crazy everyone's telling me
everyone's married up there
is everyone married here
great good way to feel bad about myself
i'm not married and um i don't have
any kids but i've yet to date a guy that
deserves to be replicated
so it's not my fault
some guys like you hate guys i don't
hate guys i just hate
my guys i make terrible choices
trust me you don't need any more of
these idiots running around
someone's like don't you want a mini you
said yes but what if i roll the dice and
end up with many him
spend the rest of my life turning mini
him into the heat he wasn't
[Music]
no use all three of us were going to
jail
his dad for being himself the kid for
being like his dad and me for having to
kill the two of them so
[Music]
no i i don't know if maybe it's a new
york thing that i've been worried about
about
falling in love it's like i meet a lot
of crazy guys um
my apartment is like the size this stage
for three thousand dollars
i bought a treadmill it's like i'm
living in a hamster cage
the cost of living there is so high you
can actually save money
by going on vacation
[Music]
and i travel a lot in comedy i got lucky
uh i was recently in paris
yeah anyone here ever gone to paris
it's amazing they say it's a city of
love and it is
every place i went there were couples
kissing i went to the eiffel tower there
were couples making out watching the
sunset
i went to the fountain of the louvre
museum they're holding hands and
splashing in the fountain
i walked around the corner i looked in a
pet store window i saw two birds making
out
and i said to the pet store guy i said
what kind of birds are these he was like
bullets more since i love birds
if these birds are so in love that if
you separate them
that they'll die
so i bought one
i don't want to be a third wheel in my
own apartment
everyone's in love but me it's terrible
do you know it's horrible
my uh my brother just came out of the
closet and he just got married which was
a shock
ever have someone come out the closet
but you knew they were gay all along
this is a guy who taught me how to walk
in heels from my prom
one two three pivot one two three pivot
wave like the queen
wave like the queen he makes me sit
through three hours of dinner and then
he comes out i knew this is gonna come
as a shock
then he clutched his pearls in his
matching handbag
[Laughter]
he's like did you know i'm like joe
you're a stewardess
he's a flight attendant how am i not
suppo
i i just i i maybe i'm scared off too my
parents
my parents didn't have a good mix
growing up you know some
some people don't have good marriages my
my grandparents my italian grandparents
had a great marriage yes
i'm half italian my grandparents yes
they came you're italian
one in this place i'm sorry provo is so
white people were stopping
me saying wow your hair is curly
i'm serious i can rob this place with a
bottle of hot sauce
all right nobody moves don't make me
issue
[Laughter]
i'm serious this is crazy everybody
warned me i didn't know what was gonna
happen when i got here
because i have to explain who i am do
you not know that
because i don't look like everybody and
i'm my family they fight like you're
going to provo what are you going to say
are you going to tell him you're italian
you're going to tell him you're the
other side because i'm half italian and
i'm half black
yes look at this room everyone's like is
she kidding is she making a joke
no i've seen me i know what i look like
i'm serious i got an italian father and
a black mother this happens
some people are like oh you're why you
look that light are you making it up why
do you look you get a brown bunny you
get a white bunny
the two of them mate you get a brown
bunny a striped bunny one that looks
like
me and nobody puts mariah carey through
any of this
[Applause]
i come from light-skinned black people
and dark-skinned white
people they're the same complexion
i come from sinbad yellow black people
that should be a crayon sinbad yellow
it's
and it's it's very complicated because
people don't know often and then i end
up in very
uncomfortable positions i've been at the
job and
on the job a guy comes up and says hey
this is i know it's your first day but
follow the black people around the store
they have a tendency to steal
then i'm like do i sue him now or wait a
week at least
are there rules for this do you know
what i'm saying
then my white half starts going we need
to straighten him out he's wrong for
being racist
and then the black slide's like whoa
whoa whoa whoa we need this job
[Music]
[Laughter]
and then the white girl at me is like
our daddy's rich he's white
he can pay the rent let's do it
i come from italians that are straight
off the boat from sicily
my father straight off the boat moved to
an italian neighborhood my
grandparents jeffrey's been been in an
italian neighbor sorry let me do that
again
ever been in an italian neighborhood no
she's laughing
they scare me no listen
they may feed you to death that's it
they just eat another one have some more
you sure you're not hungry have
some italians are funny they like to
live together
not like you guys can relate to any of
that
[Applause]
but i'm in mormon country people
because america might not know so anyway
my italian family came off the boat
moved to an italian neighborhood
and they check the neighborhood like you
have to be real italian like the
butcher's italian
the hair dress is italian the jewel is a
jew but everybody else
has to be italian
and then they test you if you're italian
enough to live in the neighborhood they
have tests
if you don't move when you say italian
you're not italian that's the test
i'm serious i got a brother-in-law third
generation italian you say are you
italian he goes i'm italian
when you retire you got a rock i'm gonna
die a rock six seven eight
[Music]
this guy over here six seven eight he's
not italian six seven eight
italians are like jello they're causing
just constantly moving
over here
serious i got my best friend tiffy she
doesn't even know she's like my friend
tiffy who's like i don't understand the
italians maya
they're so weird they keep telling me
i'm italian what is it i'm like that's
how we're answering a question
are you hungry am italian
are you going to be the guy with that
baseball bat and italian what do you
think over here
dang i'm answering a question
[Laughter]
but my parents they didn't really they
said it was a calm tough combination my
italian grandparents were not prepared
for their only son their only child to
marry my mother
a black woman they would have been more
welcoming if my
mother my father came home with a gay
vampire you know
we made it a saucer with no garlic just
how you like
and my grandmother was really racist and
people can't handle racism everyone gets
scared when they hear racism
they freak out but what if that racist
is your grandmother
and she loves you but walks up and used
to grab my face and go
so beautiful your face your skin is so
right to thank god
and walk away
this is a reality of my life
and don't worry the black side was very
upset that my mother
married my father my black grandfather
took one look at my
sicilian father and said are you sure i
want to marry that italian
he's awfully dark
do you know how many generations it took
for us to get this light and still be
black
think of your children
this is how crazy my family is i don't
even have any good black stereotypes i
ca
i had to learn that yo i'm saying to be
a rapper i had to learn from my white
friends how to sound black
just because i come from very
bourgeoisie black people they call each
other darling how are you darling
it was tough it was tough with people i
love how everyone tries to get together
like my best friend tiffy's always like
maya
you can't talk about cultures it's
racist
it's not racist if i said asians eat
rice is that racist
she's like yes ever give italians rice
they screw it up so bad risotto was an
accident
it's culture yes we're different
people understand how different we are
something as simple as how we eat a
piece of chicken
is completely different between
households and i know because my father
later
married an irish woman he married my
stepmother was irish
and that was a very i'm telling you my
parents first of all let's say
they didn't have an easy combination
because in the italian family the man is
always the strong arm right
the strong arm always says the last word
not when you're married to a black woman
when his strong arm was broken in six
places
his last words were i'm not afraid of
you
it is terrible it's terrible
and so my parents when my parents split
up my
my dad married an irish woman and that
was totally different
that household was completely different
my stepsister could lock her mother
out of her house and her mother would
stand in the driveway
gary how you open this door my mother
would have burned the house down with me
don't come out
my mother used to have those sister
phrases when she'd whoop my butt you
know like those i'm gonna snatch you in
the next tuesday
i'm gonna beat the black off of you
who's obviously beaten a lot
[Laughter]
but that's why in relationships i don't
get along you know i don't know who i'm
supposed to be because
it's completely different between
households something like eating a piece
of chicken my mother used to be so proud
at how i'd eat my chicken look at how
maya cleans those bones
is she eating the marrow that's my girl
that's my
girl do you ever eat chicken with white
people oh my god there's a vein in it
throw it out it's disgusting
it was alive then i'm back at the black
household did you just throw away a
perfectly good piece of chicken
she's never invited back
but go to the italian household my
grandmother shame on you for eating a
chicken
a man might have wanted this piece of
chicken
your own agreed is gonna keep you single
for the rest of your life
that's why in relationships i don't know
if i'm supposed to be passive aggressive
passive passive aggressive aggressive or
slave slave
oh the italian women want to be slaves
my grandmother used to sleep in a chair
next to the stove
she used to look at cooking scars as if
they were battle scars
do you see that right there lasagna
1978.
even holidays we're totally different i
don't understand i
like i would just go like thanksgiving
in an italian household
is like nine hours of eating now i know
for
white folks you're like who can eat for
nine hours
i almost had a full sandwich once in my
life look at her she's skinny in the
front she's starving
i've walked around i've seen you guys
everyone's like hi i'm two pounds and
i'm blonde i'm like where have they been
hiding these white people
america this is like this is africa for
white people in provo
i'm sorry like tiffy oh no you're not
tiffy biffy no you're not bippy bippy
memphy
muffy fluffy hi hi hi hi oh my i was
like oh my gosh this is stressful
everyone's so happy as a new yorker this
is unnerving
you people look us in the eye do you
know
i i've i've never seen anyone look me in
the eye my
entire life you guys like hello
[Music]
i was like wow do you guys make butter
i'm sorry i think that's the amish but
do you make butter
wrong white people i don't know sorry
no serious i was so excited to come to
utah i've been waiting to taste your
jello you have no idea
people are tuning in we are in provo
utah you have no idea
they told us it's a dry it's a dry
county and it's called dry bar and i
don't even drink and i got nervous i was
like should i buy
alcohol what's happening here
and then i went to the bar and you would
love it it's like willy wonka live it's
all sugar
is anyone trying to get away from
alcohol this is the motherland
it's been straight gummy bears and
chocolates
oh i'm wired from the sugar
okay so anyway these italians which i'm
trying to explain nine hours of eating
it's crazy
the table is like this long every person
who's in the country from
italy is sitting at the table and nobody
else gets up from the table but 90 year
old women are walking around
serving all these you know what that's
like to see a 90 year old woman
slaving by the stove my grandparents my
grandmother was like that
which is very strange because in the
black household it's thanksgiving time
it's like you should be cooking for us
y'all are grown i ain't nobody slave i
ain't nobody's slave i ain't nobody's
slave
fine i'll cook because when you're
italian you cook till you're dead
i've got an aunt who's like 96 years old
in a wheelchair
pulls herself up to hold she's got a
cuckoo for the babies
the babies are going to starve you mean
me and my sister know your father who's
70 years old
the babies are going to starve
that's why you guys married
yes how long how long
were you dating before you got married
seven years oh wow you waited a long
time you had a lot of work to do huh
men are funny because i don't realize
how much work we put in to catch you
i don't think you think you caught us
but we plotted to catch you
that's why we have wedding parties it's
kind of like it's we all got together to
catch you party you know
nine years nine years really dating
seven she's trying to make it shorter
that means nine years because what we do
is to catch you we have to wear shoes we
can't even walk in
trying to look cute dude what i'm saying
i got eyelashes done to catch a guy
i got eyelashes on top of my eyelashes
i only have peripheral vision
we do a lot because as a woman you have
to be strong right to catch a man
you need to be strong yet feminine
independent yet meek
sexy but not [ __ ] with a splash of hoe
intelligent yet needing him for his
great wisdom
what if he doesn't have any then you
gotta fake like everything's his ideas
give him the answers you know
because it's not who we are but who we
can convince him we are
and keep up the life for the rest of our
lives
until they come back in five years and
say you're not the woman i fell in love
with
i was never the woman you fell in love
with
it caught on time is lose the weight to
start over
it's a lot of work to catch you guys i'm
serious that's why women don't like each
other
we don't we spot each other look at her
look at what she's got on
or not you guys because you're all
perfect i know
i have kind of walked around provo like
oh my gosh there's not even a pimple in
this town
what are these people eating
it's the cold that's how cold it is it's
cold
why folks love cold right you guys like
the cold no he's like she's like no
it's not at 10 degrees it's cold it's 40
degrees i'm walking and you guys all
still have your air conditioners on
but that's what i'm saying dating in
relationships is hard
so for me i'm not sure how i'm supposed
to act you know i don't know who i'm
supposed to date
falling in love is really hard my
italian grandmother would always say you
cuckoo for your husband
you clean her for your husband you iron
his clothes you iron his socks
my mother was like don't do anything for
any man he's a grown man
which screws me up because i'll leave a
man in a minute but i'll pre-plan his
meals before i go
i'm never coming back this marinara
sauce in the freezer
lasagna in the oven 375.
my grandmother wanted me to date an
italian boy you know she was when she
wanted me to date squiggly gigliani from
across the street you know
like i'm not dating him he's 40 years
old he lives at home with his mother
she's like when you're italian you're
supposed to live at home with your
mother
till you get married then you move
downstairs
[Laughter]
his brother owns a classic dessert
company we get free cheesecake great
you're selling me off for cheesecake
thank you
free cheesecake thank you grandma
relationships are hard i'm serious
that's why i said that's why i'm single
i can't do all that work a lot of work
trying to look fly and
show up on a date starving and sit there
with a guy
and order an appetizer and you know this
dinner is going to cost me fifty dollars
like this cost me 600 bucks
just to look this cute
you guys are like i don't know if i want
to be in a relationship you're like look
i'm
waxing eyebrows and shaving and
plucking and you're going to be in a
relationship whether i like you or not
i always see married guys like i don't
know why she my wife seems to hate me
when did that start
like she hated you all along she was
proving a point
[Music]
[Laughter]
we're evil women are evil a plot to
six hours just to ignore you guys for
two seconds
have all of our friends involved you
guys don't even know
don't be like a hair behind the toilet
we'll find the hair no it's not
our hair be like whose is this i'm gonna
bag this take it back to the lab
turns into an episode of csi provo
we're gonna find out who that woman is
that's nuts
so we don't support each other remember
all those years who say if there was a
female president there'd be no wars
we vomited country looks better than us
first country's got to go in sweden like
sweden was blondes they're harmless
let's take out the philippines
philippines
don't you want iraq iraq they're covered
i'm gonna bomb l.a
[Music]
[Laughter]
i know so hopefully i'll find love soon
i don't know
who i'm supposed to date you know i'm
always white and black at the wrong time
with the wrong group
very confusing uh lots of people always
like i said in the end people have
always been concerned they come to me a
lot and they say you know you talk a lot
about
race but how did your family in the end
handle it so well in the end it was
simple
you know my my grandmother finally came
over and had ribs and greens and
collard greens and mac and cheese and
she loved it
and she jumped up and hugged my mother's
sister
my mom's sister turned to her said isn't
this wonderful after all these years
your grandmother's finally accepted us
that's called love is it actually
it's called alzheimer's
[Music]
[Laughter]
ever notice the biggest racists at the
end of their life
always end up with a caregiver of the
race that they hated the most
[Laughter]
you walk in grandma's holding some
woman's hand this woman here
is the most wonderful woman i've ever
met
i started to crack up because i know
grandma's a racist but she forgot
now her and the caregiver look at me
like i'm the racist
cause i'm laughing
next thing you know the caregiver gets
the house
i'm at the lawyer's office she's dressed
better than me last week the nurse was
in a hello kitty smock now she's in an
armani suit
i look like the schlub begging for
grandma's house
damn it grandma told me never to trust
those people
all right guys my name's maya
sending you all love and blessings and i
hope you have a wonderful night thank
[Applause]
you
oh I just lost the two in the front
he just got thick nachos and [ __ ] okay
uh uh ain't gonna hear from y'all at all
for the rest of this sets soon as they
got it her hair went straight down like
just got off of work
[Laughter]
I'm so glad permanently though I got off
of work okay
lo let me tell you something I was
working for uber and lyft okay and I am
so glad to report
I don't longer do that [ __ ] oh my god
hallelujah cuz I was gonna slap one of
y'all in my backseat Oh
especially people that ride uber do you
hear me uber people get in my car we're
all a request do me a favor turn the GPS
off I'll tell you where to go okay roll
the window up 3/4 of the way down I need
medium air on my forehead when I'm on my
way to a meeting do me a favor
I'm turn the radio on 102.7 five-eighths
I like classical jazz hip-hop on the way
and be going three blocks [ __ ] get you
one dollar 31 sit right ass out of here
when overtake they feed your ride costs
99 cents you're gonna say it over people
get in my car drinking up all the free
water eating up all the peppermint that
is for my lip passengers that tip god
damn it a lot of uber riders over here
okay I'm about to tell you how y'all do
okay
oh my cuz I was already pulling up to
the job pissed off first of all cuz they
got me with them commercial you can make
$1,400 a week driving for uber and lyft
when you want to oh you can make the
money yes you can if you're gonna live
in a car week okay because you got to be
driving from Sun up to Sun up okay
you're gonna have 15 cups of coffee 500
Donuts and you're gonna make the money
but you're gonna die too next day put
your blood pressure 1,600 over 480 okay
and then they still gonna need to refer
somebody for that five hundred dollars
to make the 1,400 for the week and then
after you refer somebody be gonna have
to turn it to a life coach so you can
get they ass out on the streets
oh they slave driving you and you out
there slave-driving okay because that is
some long hours right there
I think this one white guy though one
morning oh he was a good-looking white
man I never see a white man you know but
this was the one that I saw that I was
like I would really give it up to this
white man right here as you know because
I have a big ol ass and it just turns
white man way back to the motherland
okay they they don't want nothing to do
with this hands you know they this is
the black male caller right here okay
this takes black man right back to the
roots okay they see this as would be
like sister where are you going yeah
sister come here I want to make it
family with you can we go somewhere and
start a family tonight but this one
white bear oh my god did I look so he
was looking real good I say oh you give
me a rock star on this morning he said
just so you know get my rock star we
going be like four minutes he was like
you know come in and smoke a blunt with
me I was like nah man word he was like
cut that punk [ __ ] out I was like nah I
can't do it I'm gonna be too sleepy
he was like sleepy is a bump right after
meaning a bump of cocaine I said sir
give me to tell me I gotta do to drugs
just to get back how I am right now i'ma
just say how I am right now with like
what's so funny about daddy and Cecil
like some of y'all didn't know where the
bump was my homegirl also didn't know
what a bump was she thought a bump was
the dance from back in the day from the
TV show what's happening now
okay let me explain it to this young
section over here cuz they don't know
what the hell I'm talking about so there
was a TV show back in the day and they
used to do this thing called the bump
where two people bump tips like this
right here they'll get together and
they'll just do this big why bump I said
that's what you thought I had to do to
get more energy as I smoke so we just
bus out like seven of these right here
[Laughter]
[Music]
this thing was so small tsa was
self-checkout
i did i took a flight in yesterday i got
in late last night i flew in from
williston north dakota
oh wow yeah smallest airport i've ever
been to
you can back me up on that the smallest
i've ever i mean this thing was so small
tsa was self-checkout
[Laughter]
i put my bag up and i ran it through and
i sent it back
[Laughter]
well i want to do a good job
i got employee of the month um
precious people just sweet people but
i'm telling you a very relaxed
atmosphere do you know what i mean
i i flew in and we got off the plane
little tiny plane i get off i walk down
the little cat blocks that they slid up
there for me to get off
on just let us off right in the yard
the pilot got off behind me to take a
smoke break
so i go inside and and i have to do the
show and then i came and i fly back out
and this is when i find out really how
small it is
because on this flight i'm leaving it's
even smaller playing a little ten seater
and y'all i had a guess honey i know
that's what i said and i'm not
fearful but it did increase my prayer
life um
y'all i got on there and had the
sweetest little baby flight attendant
she was precious probably on a little
work permit
[Laughter]
well i don't know how old she was but i
know she wasn't alive during the reagan
years
and i'm gonna need them to be older
because i'm older right
i mean i don't have anything against
little becky okay
but listen i don't want my flight
attendant to have a cute little ponytail
i'm gonna need her to have some crow's
feet
like if there's anything that's happened
on this plane if we find anything on
this plane
i need to know that gertrude and bruce
willis know which wire to cut
but that's not what i have on this
flight and i'm used to atlanta y'all i
fly to atlanta every week
you know those flight attendants there
they have on a hose and
heels and dress blues they make you feel
safe
like the marines
[Laughter]
but that's not what becky had on i'm
telling you this relaxed airport had me
concerned little becky had on a red
t-shirt and a pair of khakis
like becky works part-time at target
just thought she'd whip in and pick up a
shift
now becky's going up and down the little
aisle here and and i can't tell what
she's saying but i
notice that people are starting to get a
little annoyed with her
until she gets to my seat and now i know
why
becky asks me ma'am i need you to verify
your seat number
your name and your weight
[Laughter]
i said girl you trying to get people
killed
she said of course not why would you say
that why would you say that to me
i said well baby you just asked nine
women ahead of me and they lied and i'm
about to
[Music]
do the math becky
that's a heart but i finally made it
back home made it back home to atlanta
and i love to travel i i listen i get to
do it so much i'm not complaining about
it at all like i said that
airport was real relaxed but they were
just the sweetest precious little people
but i think that about most places i'm
at and i think i love to travel and get
out and meet people because for years i
was a homeschool mom
oh do we have some homeschool moms in
here
oh awesome i thought i heard a glue gun
fire up over there
so do we have some in the house tonight
so you know what i'm talking about you
don't get out a whole lot when you
homeschool
right so i didn't and so now i'm just
living that up i get to travel and
people ask me all the time lisa why'd
you homeschool was it because you wanted
your kids to pray
was it because of the violence like no
it was way more sacred than that
i homeschooled because i hate
fundraisers
[Applause]
i'm telling you you send your child to
school in august and by october they are
little amway people
and they show up on my door with that
big old fat packet
honey if they never get playground
equipment is fine with me
i didn't have none and my kids play with
the same thing i played with
a broken stick and a propane tank
and i don't send my kids to your door
trying to get a new flower bed in the
backyard
so keep them off my porch
wow and i don't know what y'all sell
here in utah but back home in georgia we
sell
cookie dough do y'all sell cookie dough
here too
oh my what is this conspiracy
it's cookie dough i'm telling you great
big tubs of
we're all hustling 50 cases of cookie
dough when my kids were in school
in a state with the highest diabetes
rate in the nation
and what are you going to win a light up
yo-yo and a justin bieber poster
listen if i sell 50 cases of cookie
though i want something a little bit
more expensive and a lot more useful
like health care
but i started homeschooling really
because i had a home
i've been to school sir i've been to
four colleges
i didn't graduate from any of them but
um
but i'm not a quitter so uh i'm still
plugging along and y'all
listen i thought it was gonna be a
breeze until that first week
and we did math have you seen math
lately
i don't know when it happened but they
changed it
all of it ma'am they didn't leave a part
left all of it's changed
and uh and don't get me wrong now i can
do third grade
math okay sally has six apples and
johnny has
uh four apples they put them together
how many do they have
there are home school moms in here
absolutely
ten apples but seventh grade was not the
same
my oldest son had problems like if sally
has four
apples and johnny has six apples and
johnny takes a bite off all his apples
and then johnny takes a bite off all her
apples
and then he puts all the apples together
in a basket and gives that basket back
to sally
sally takes that basket and gets on a
train
traveling 100 miles an hour toward the
sun
[Music]
and then she gets hungry and eats one of
the apples now what does she have
i'm like that's easy she's got mono
and that's why we don't eat after people
and that's what you need to be learning
grading on a curve down in atlanta
don't nobody turn me in i'd hate to have
to come back and burn this place down
i'm kidding
kinda so um
so i love i love being a homeschool mom
i do i finally graduated them i have two
boys um
which are precious and they're awesome
two boys my youngest is 18
and my oldest is unemployed
well i graduated both out of home school
and then my oldest went away to the
dream center school of ministry went
away to bible school
finished that program yeah now he's back
home
living on my accounts because they told
him there that jesus paid it all
[Music]
that's what happens when you're reading
that bible app
but i love it his dad's so patient with
him y'all and thank goodness you know
one of you
in the in in the parenting
relationship's got to have a little bit
more patience than the other and that's
my precious husband
and uh it's kind of patient with me too
and uh so we've been married for 22
years when we first got married we
weren't real compatible yes honey that's
a
thank you 22 years yeah that's a long
time not to smother somebody
yeah thank you
and so yeah we weren't real compatible
at first
well he's the kind of guy that likes
sports and i'm the kind of girl that
likes naps
what else he was catholic
and i don't even drink
[Laughter]
sometimes that one just moves across the
room
we're waiting on you sir
[Music]
but but we finally you know i took him
to my church and mine was way different
than his okay
if you know anything about catholicism
it was just way different i went to a
non-denominational
free spirit-filled worship church
[Music]
tiny bit different than catholic and uh
he embarrassed the mess out of me y'all
when he when we first got there
he kept staring at this woman on my row
the whole time
and i was like would you quit staring
and he said i can't help it i think she
has a question
i said baby that's for jesus
he said well if he calls on her i'm out
of here
[Applause]
oh man we went to our pastor and said
hey you know we
were recently married this was when we
first got married i said how do we
become one
i hear all these older married people
talking about becoming one how do you
become one
and he said well that's easy you serve
together so we started serving in youth
ministry together before we realized we
didn't like other people's kids
you think it i say it that's how we play
this game
and so we get in this in youth ministry
together we had this little 18 year old
couple who got engaged
on purpose and i yeah i took that little
girl aside and i told her i said honey
you don't know what you're doing
and she said miss lisa i don't know what
i'd do without him
you can't think of nothing
[Laughter]
i don't think you're applying yourself
michaela
she said miss lisa he's my he's my soul
mate
like he knows what i'm thinking
sometimes he'll even finish my sentence
before i do
like baby that is a control freak
you better put a stop there right now
but she was just done with me y'all she
said miss lisa bottom line when he walks
in a room
i know he's the one he takes my breath
away
baby that is asthma
if you get an inhaler it'll fix that
[Applause]
baby that ain't love that's mucus
[Laughter]
well you can't tell them nothing can you
young people just gonna do what they
gonna do
and i'm not trying to pick on them
because i know it's it's a journey my
husband i had to try and figure out our
love language when we first got married
you ever tried to do that i found out
mine 20 years ago was
acts of service and quality time and it
changes those people it changes
like today mine's very different it's
carbs and air conditioning
i tell young guys you know hey listen
you got some learning to do and these
older guys if she's over 40 let me help
you here
you can ditch the flowers
you get that girl some freon and a
biscuit
[Applause]
[Music]
be the best valentine's of your life
but i get it i know it's hard i'm not
trying to pick on young people i
remember being young don't y'all
remember i remember being young and in
love
you know at that age you don't even know
if morning breath is going to be a deal
breaker
you know that's why i slept with a pack
of chewing gum under my pillow the first
six months i was married
i don't know why i say a slip i didn't
sleep i slept the next day on my lunch
hour because i didn't want him to know i
snore
i just lay there every night all posed
up
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
trying to act like my breathing was
always soft like kittens purring
and ladies you can't hold that okay like
i get sleepy and i'd doze off and then
i'd start snoring
and then i'd suck that gum right the
back of my throat
and then i jump up because i think i'm
dying
then he jumps up and i have to convince
him we're being robbed
he said that made sense he heard a
chainsaw
[Applause]
i'm just saying young people can't think
that fast
it's an acquired married skill
oh i do have to do something about this
snoring
because my husband's a patient man but
it's been a long time
you know what i mean because i don't do
that little like breeze flowing through
the leaves like that's what it sounds
like
no that's sweet i could take this roof
off
and so i went to the doctor and i told
him i said doc you got to help me
like i'm going to be eating a pillow
here soon okay he can't take it no more
and the longer this rock's on the worse
it gets he said lisa it's gotten so bad
the longer you've been married
is because of the weight gain
which don't make no sense
because my nose is the same size today
as it was the day i got married
matter of fact it's the only part of me
still fits in that wedding dress
oh i just think it's important to be
trying to be healthy right i'm not
making fun of that i think you should be
healthy and
move more eat better yada yada whatever
myth they got going
um and don't come up to me after the
show talking about clean eating okay
cause i tried that i tested that sucker
out and that don't work
i ate a whole birthday cake in the
[Laughter]
shower
i didn't lose a pound
but i started i i just said i got to do
something i got to join a health club or
something and so i started going to
curves
and uh and i thought i was trying to get
a scholarship
and uh
and my friend said forget that you need
to do crossfit
anybody know about crossfit
listen those people are insane
[Music]
if you don't know what crossfit is allow
me to explain
crossfit is where you work out in
someone's garage
with a rope and a bucket while they yell
at you
for a hundred and thirty dollars a month
we were in there they had me flipping
tires i was flipping tires to this side
of the room and then flipping tires to
this side
i think that was a labor camp
i might have been loading somebody's
truck and i didn't know it
but y'all i found this i'm gonna leave
you with this i found the perfect
perfect thing
planet fitness planet fitness
their whole slogan is no judgments no
judgment so when i come in with a box
fan and a carton ice cream
well that's how i cool down um
[Laughter]
they don't say a word but the best thing
about planet fitness y'all you get a
free trainer
which is great because trainers are
expensive so i got my
my free trainer his name was steve i
knew steve and i wasn't gonna hit it off
real good when i first saw him because
it looked like for lunch steve had half
a tic tac
and uh
and steve said miss mills listen the
secret to getting in shape and losing
weight
and just feeling better is you got to
have goals do you have any goals miss
mills
and i said well yeah um i'd like to be
able to cross my legs
[Applause]
by myself
he said they need to be more specific
than that miss mills do you have some
specific goals i was like okay
right over left
work with me steve
so we're not working together anymore uh
but i got this new one and he's fabulous
y'all's name's hank and hank gets me i
think it's important when you're working
with somebody on
on a health journey just have somebody
that gets you and hank said forget steve
miss mills the secret to losing weight
getting in shape and feeling better is
you just gotta have fun
and so that's why three times this week
hank and i been fishing
i mean i don't go we face time but um
y'all i think it's working i ain't felt
this good in a long time
provo y'all are fantastic thank you so
[Applause]
much
you
they're remaking a lot of movies now -
which is kind of like get an original
concept but whatever some of them are
good I think I've seen the new it yeah I
just went and got it because it came out
on DVD I didn't see it in the movie
theater because when it first came out
tickets were 1899 yeah I was like 1899
for a movie ticket what the if I
want to see a painted man in a gutter
I'll go to West Hollywood it last call I
heard a boo
is there a painted man and a gutter in
here what is happening he's like hey
girl that's my plan after the show and
then there'll be making tremors do you
guys remember the movie tremors yeah
they're remaking in the first I was
pissed but then I thought you know what
I'm just so happy to see Michael J Fox
working again
[Laughter]
 okay hello Yvonne this Alaska the
last the other day I might be with
Gwyneth Paltrow came on and I was like
 off off completely deaf you
guys heard of goop are you guys familiar
with goop her website
okay so Gweneth Paltrow has this website
where she gives women advice where we
shouldn't be taking it at all
her latest entry was about jade eggs
which is a polished stone that Gwyneth
Paltrow believes women should put up
inside our vaginas yeah and leave it up
there overnight so that we can increase
our sex drive I saw that and I was like
look so I'm gonna put a rock
inside me it's gonna be a professional
wrestler
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm so excited to be here, you guys.
This is a very big deal.
It's a very big deal for me.
My husband and I actually,
we're taking this
as sort of an anniversary trip.
My husband and I are gonna celebrate
our 26th wedding anniversary
in a couple of weeks.
(audience cheering)
Thank you. It's a big deal.
And we weren't sure he was
gonna be able to make it
because he is a school teacher.
He's been a school teacher for 24 years
and he's state testing
in Texas where we're from
and they do not give you time off 
for good behavior.
(audience laughing)
But he actually got to come,
so it's very exciting for us.
But it is hard.
It is hard because we are trying
to keep the romance alive
since we've been married for so long.
I will tell you that the other night,
he did say I was really hot.
(audience cheering)
And then he told me to move back
to the other side of the bed.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
'Cause he was trying to sleep.
Going through menopause.
I am too hot for teacher.
(audience laughing)
Being a teacher, that is a tough job
for me to be married to.
(audience laughing)
It's hard on me.
He has to wake up at
stupid early hours,
and then it's really hard
for me to get back to sleep.
(audience laughing)
We have lots of times that 
I'll be on the computer
trying to make vacation plans,
and then he'll have to get on
so he can make lesson plans
or whatever, it's hard.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I had to repeat the
seventh year of our marriage.
(audience laughing)
'Cause he caught me cheating.
(audience laughing)
Oh no, no, no. Not what you're thinking.
No, I stopped doing laundry
and I was just Febreezing everything.
(audience laughing)
Before I met my husband,
I was in a relationship
that I was convinced was the one.
I was completely in love with this guy.
I thought we were gonna get married 
and have babies.
Totally in love until,
I saw this guy barefoot
for the first time.
(audience laughing)
He was missing the baby toes 
on both of his feet.
He had a total of eight toes.
Ocho toes.
(audience laughing)
I'm kidding, Spanish speakers.
I know the actual term is
Dedos de los jusidad.
So anyway, I was so grossed out
that I broke up with this guy 
at the swim party.
I said, Dude, I'm sorry. I can't do it.
And my friends were mean.
They were like,
"Kristen, I didn't know
"you were so shallow."
I said, I prefer the term
lack-toes intolerant.
(audience laughing)
i checked in and i said could i get an
ilc and the lady goes well sure but it
comes with a window
um i guess so i
am excited to be here you guys are all
staring at me some people look like
confused they're like oh my gosh when
did celine dion start
doing santa comedy
do i look like celine do i look like it
everybody tells me i look like celine
diana i always get celine dion or dolly
parton
it is so weird dolly parton right there
sorry i think you're the only one that
knows who dolly parton is
uh everybody under 20 are like huh
where's kim kardashian huh
anyhow i am so excited i told all my
friends i'm taping a comedy special
they're like that's so awesome
where are you doing it now way in vegas
i said no
[Laughter]
provo utah
[Applause]
exactly so i love provo i love utah this
is fun you guys do know how to have a
good time i like that a lot
uh you know sometimes you know i travel
all over the country i'm from orange
county california
i'm in l.a a lot yes anybody from
california
yay oh my gosh that's awesome did you
guys follow me here or what that's so
weird um
but anyways i flew in the flight was
very easy this is fantastic because
sometimes traveling is such a nightmare
not long ago i had to do a gig in a tiny
little town in waterloo iowa have you
guys ever heard of this
tiny tiny little town tiny really tiny
and my agent booked my flight i had to
fly in on a puddle jumper
do you guys know what a puddle jumper is
i didn't even know what that is it's
those tiny little planes it's like six
people on each side it's like
i didn't know what that was you know how
i figured it out i i checked
in and i said could i get an ilc and the
lady goes well sure but it comes with a
window
right it's like single file seating oh
wow and it was a cheap flight too
because midway through the flight you
had to chip in for gas
so that was weird like here's my 10
books you know
so they passed that up but i love little
towns because everybody keeps things
just like so sweet and simple and
innocent and
a little overboard for me if you if you
ask me because
like when they landed the plane they
don't even let you off the plane they
just circle around the parking lot till
you find your car
and i'm like there's my honda
all right hit the brakes and then they
let you out but you know what was even
cuter
is uh i went into the airport and it's a
tiny little airport
and they had a pager lady a pager lady
it was half the size of this room people
a pager lady i'm used to lax like if you
have a phone call they'll say pick up
the white courtesy phone for a message
please
that's all we ever get but this lady she
had way too much time on her hands
and she was sharing all this information
that i had never you know way more
information than i really needed because
it's like paigey mr steve burns mr steve
burns uh
yeah your wife calls she needs you to
pick up some milk
on the way home
two minutes later pj mr billy parks
billy parks uh yeah becky call boys she
ticked
she said if you want to find your stuff
it's at your mama's house you
cheating liar
paige and kimberly wald kimberly wald
congratulations honey your test results
were negative
so you know kimberly was happy i like i
like being
simple sometimes i like being simple i
think the world is getting so complex
and so ridiculous
like simple things that you know are
becoming complex like
i fly in and out of airports all the
time and and everything is fancy now
nobody has the like the restrooms the
restrooms are overboard it's crazy right
everything's automated right you don't
know what's automated what's not do you
ever do that do you ever walk up to a
door and you stop because you think it's
going to open but it doesn't open
right and then the bathrooms i miss
manual flushing anybody else
manual flushing because i was good at it
you know
i knew exactly when i was ready to flush
i knew
you know but now i have to leave it to
the control of the automated flushers
and i just wonder like ladies am i the
only one standing in the stall
trying to seduce the sensor does anybody
[Applause]
do you ever like catch yourself and
you're trying to trick it like come on
i'm done
come on my friends are waiting
it's crazy it's either you can't get it
to go or you get the premature flush
have you had that
that's terrible because you're sitting
there and all of a sudden
oh my gosh oh my gosh i'm in france
i feel so fresh now i feel so fresh
it's silly everything is getting so
complex nothing is simple anymore
i went to vegas i like you guys here
because i talked about partying here you
guys keep it simple here it's nice
you're classy you keep it good i went to
vegas i went dancing for the first time
do you are you guys a dancing kind of
group you seem like energetic i like you
i like you you go out dancing right oh
look
you got the moves already is that how
you know that's so cool
i love dancing that's why i was goofing
off i love dancing because it just puts
you in a good mood
right but dancing has changed so much i
was i was working a gig in vegas and
then i decided to go to a club for the
first time
in forever and if you're over 40 ladies
you guys know
everything has changed if you're under
20 you don't get it right okay
cause like when we used to go dancing
right right remember ladies we used to
put on a pretty little dress we always
wanted to look classy we put on a pretty
dress we'd
wait for a man to ask us to dance right
and then uh when they'd ask you to dance
we'd walk out on the dance floor
and and as they were watching you walk
you're thinking to yourself oh my gosh i
hope he doesn't look at my butt i hope
my butt doesn't look big i hope he
doesn't look right
we didn't want him looking at our butts
have you seen dancing now someone's like
hey do you want to dance and they're
like well sure here i come all right
hey thanks thanks thanks thanks for
asking me to dance oh my gosh i love
this song i love it
i love it oh this is my favorite i love
it i love it i love it
i am so shy i am so shy i'm francis
what's your name what's your name i'm
francis
i'm really sorry ma'am i didn't i didn't
realize
you were so close i'm really sorry
if we were in a different town you'd own
me a dollar
that's not here
can you imagine isn't that crazy it's
like where are you going i like the song
let's do this and no other one
and so people do things weird dating is
weird now
dating is not simple everybody's talking
nobody's talking i take that back
everybody's texting
i like texting a little bit but it's a
little overboard anybody with me
everybody's texting texting texting
nobody knows how to talk anymore i think
texting is great but it's a little
overboard anybody with me on that one
yes i'm glad you guys are here a little
eye contact little connection
right a little oh i like that i like
that because everybody's texting and
then i'm thinking like
how do you communicate when you get
married you know and
and you're trying to romance each other
you have to tag who you you're so hot
that feels so g-o-o-d you know
o-m-g o-g oh oh
um ten percent of you
okay nobody else gets it uh-huh
all right okay
see now i'm married i'm married i've
been married over 20 years so if i were
to text my man
thank you thank you thank you i
i love being married but things change
right right i've been married 20 years
so if i were to text my man while we
were being intimate it'd be more like
d-o-n-t
s-t-o-p you know h-u-r-r-y
i've got i've got got laundry i got
got laundry to do come on
let's wrap it up let's wrap it up ah
so yeah things do change i know
some of the guys are starting to hate me
[Laughter]
but the ladies we're gonna bond tonight
right ladies we're gonna bond
we are gonna vote that's right and
listen don't get me wrong i love my guy
so i said i've been married 20 years how
many people in the crowd are married
married people
married i think marriage is uh
marriage is great my husband uh he's
sweet he had 20 years together he
proposed on my birthday
and at first i was so excited but then i
got ticked off because i was like
well thanks a lot but where's my regular
present um
i realized i was getting gypped a gift
come on you know
and uh we dated for like two years and
that was sweet but then then i started
getting a little antsy because i think
women get a little antsy right a year
after a year a year to two years we
start like what is he going to propose
when's he going to propose
and i was starting to think man if he
doesn't propose soon i'm throwing him a
surprise wedding
surprise come on come here come here
come here oh my gosh stand right there
stand right there did you really think
you're going fishing did you
not even you're getting married
uh have you met father phillip father
phillip this is lee lee father phillip
yeah
he just said who wants to go fishing say
i do
he loves fishing and loves fishing
so we've been married 20 years 20 years
we are so
different so different and whenever i
tell people that they always try to
make me feel better that's why i'm so
proud that we've made it for so long
because everybody says well you know
opposites tracked office was just
attract
and i started thinking about it's kind
of true right right i was thinking like
wow
like like he's an introvert i'm an
extrovert you know he's a vegetarian i'm
a lesbian
surprise
i'm kidding i'm glad you guys laughed at
that i am not a lesbian
i'm not a lesbian i wish i was though i
do i do
because i would totally have my own talk
show by now
right rosie ellen francis it would be
great it would be great but
anyways i'm just saying that to be goofy
i am saying that to be goofy because to
be honest
sometimes i feel like i work in
hollywood and i don't blend in because i
i feel like i'm not a cool modern mom
i'm actually quite traditional like
like i mentioned i'm married i have two
little boys uh the weird part
is i had my kids um after i got married
[Applause]
you guys applaud but we're the only ones
in this room
um i'm kidding i'm kidding i did i
so i had my kids after i got married
here's the really embarrassing part is
i got pregnant by uh my own husband that
is so
out of style anyways uh
uh they think i'm a freak in hollywood
they're like oh
ah i'm kidding i'm being sarcastic i
think it's fantastic so
i have two boys i had my boys back to
back which freaked me out
because i didn't even know you could get
pregnant that way
and see bam bam baby
who knew who knew i was just trying to
keep it fresh trying to keep it fun and
then bam baby i had no idea i'm that
clueless
i'm that clueless but i will tell you
what i did know and i
i figured this out real fast when you
have a baby and then you get pregnant
like a month later
um no one says congratulations
[Laughter]
they don't they look at you and they're
like get cable
right like calm it down girl
calm it down jeez are you
kidding me are you okay i've been
married 20 years
20 years i love my guy he is still hot
and beautiful
to me but the thing is things do change
they change
anybody been married as long as me
anybody in the longer
yay how many for you guys how many 20.
12. good for you
very nice things have changed a little
bit have they yes you love this guy
though right
yes very good just disregard the
pregnant pause right there just just
that little hesitation was just a glitch
she was swallowing water
anyways uh and what about you guys how
long have you been married
almost 31. fantastic looking he this is
a sign of a man that's been married 31
years look at you don't even make sounds
look at you just
dude you're just staring at me
like i'm speaking chinese sir i like
that
31 years that's fantastic things do
change i love my guy i love my guy but
let's be honest when you first get
married you're like oh
i just love you all the time all the
plays right right right and then
and then things that things change
things change that's
right you have kids and and it's a
beautiful thing but
like your love life does change a little
bit because all of a sudden your house
is filled with toys every single toy
makes a noise right
right right moms and you can't get that
out of your brain but you're still
trying to be a good wife so
you're making love to your husband but
all all i could hear in my brain was the
wheels on the bus go round and round
right
you're making love but you're hearing
wheels on the bus go round and round
right
and then i'm like all into it my
husband's like wow you're so fired up
you know
i'm like i just want to finish the song
you know
i actually started shouting out make it
stop make it stop
which which is something you don't want
to say to your man that's insulting
they don't like hearing that part but i
will admit to you guys because i feel
like i'm bonding i always screw up the
bedroom talk i'm not good at it i'm not
good at it because i
i don't shift out of mom mode into wife
mode very easily
and like one time i was with my husband
and i actually heard myself say good boy
[Laughter]
it was crazy it was crazy and then we
got done and i was like yay you did it
[Applause]
you did it you did so good yes you did
yes you did you did a good job that was
very good
good job and
i'm not gonna lie he did really good he
did he did
you know so i gave him a treat you know
i was like
here's a cookie you know because i
wanted him to remember
and um oh positive reinforcement for
that boy right there
oh it's crazy crazy crazy
i'll tell you what that was uh that was
when i first had kids so i had the two
boys and everybody asked me for a long
time what about a girl didn't you wish
you had a girl what about a girl did you
wish i had a girl
and for a long time i wanted a girl but
then i realized i was really lucky i
never had a daughter
because if i did she would always be
younger than me and
um right like younger and prettier under
my roof who wants to live with that
pressure
not me but i'm sure you look at all the
moms getting quiet no i love my
daughters i
actually would love to have a daughter i
think having a like a teenage daughter
would be very helpful
right right yeah because they're stylish
and trendy and i could use a little help
sometime
because sometimes i screw it up like
like i i try to be hip and cool like i
got a
belly ring uh but it's a clip-on
and i know i know
and then i decided to get a tattoo
i knew that it would go over well and uh
you guys are like no no no no no but
this was a good tattoo i i was trying to
be
subtle it is the cutest cluster of
spider veins like right there right
right oh man it looks so real
it does it looks really really real they
did such a good job it looks awesome
anyway so 20 years in with my guy 20
years in we still try to keep it good we
try to keep love alive
but let's be honest things do change and
and like i said uh
i i love my guy but i i'm gonna be
honest i
i'm you guys 20 years ago you must
relate to me right right you love my man
your man
i hope you don't love my man you uh you
love your man right
but uh here's the thing it's like
sometimes do you guys have kids
yes yes life is busy right and and
sometimes you have to try to find
wow you sound angry
but i relate i'm with you i'm with you
we can't do it all right
and our husbands always want us to be
close and intimate and i try
but i'm going to be honest i am being i
am making love to my husband these days
on birthdays and holidays anybody else
birthdays and holidays are you with me
on that one birthdays and holidays
a little bit more
no you know what here's what it is i i'm
doing birthdays and holidays
and i don't know about you but sometimes
it feels like the holidays are getting
closer and closer together right
would you guys lighten up this is jokes
ah
you guys are like wow i feel sorry for
her man yeah
birthdays and holidays and she's
complaining because the holidays
but see i do all it's like crowded and
last year was really like you said a
little bit more last year was a busy
year at my house because it was election
year right
and yeah my husband would come home hey
it's super tuesday
you guys have to hurry up i only have
about 35 minutes so
can't take that yeah super tuesday he
does he all he finally figured out that
he gets
he gets a little bit of action you know
on a holiday so all of a sudden he'd
come home bring me flowers i'm like what
are these for it's groundhog's day you
know
so crazy i know and his favorite holiday
is black history month
ah so
it's the whole month honey
the smart guy you know who messed up the
birthdays in holiday thing is dr oz do
you guys watch dr oz i love that show
dr oz says it's important to be intimate
with your spouse because you'll live a
longer healthier life right
so i thought to myself okay what the
heck you know i'll kick it up you know
i've been married a long time but i'll
kick it up to bi-monthly
right right instead of like every you
know every three months i'll do
bi-monthly isn't that that's not bad
right guys
come on i was thinking listen i'm a
planner i'm a planner
so i thought i will put him on the same
schedule as my housekeeper
every other thursday that way i'll never
forget
i'll remember every other thursday it'll
be so good that'll be perfect
and then when i'm really you know it's
like whatever that's a joke i can't say
in this town
and uh anyways
anyway so here's the deal i want to
finish this up with dr oz
it turns out that every other every
other week is not good enough he said
you have to be intimate three to four
times a week
seriously you guys are awesome oh my
gosh
when i heard three to four times a week
i thought to myself i'd rather eat a
bowl of brussels
sprouts that'll help me live longer
anyways i'm glad you guys can laugh at
that stuff because life is worth
laughing at right and
you've been married exactly you gotta
you know what the process of being in a
long-term marriage is
is fantastic and you have to use your
sense of humor to get over the bumps in
the road are you with me on that one
absolutely so you can't get up tight
about things people get too uptight
about the silliest things
i'll be honest at my house romance has
always been a little bit odd
i'll share it with you guys i'll tell
you why because my husband's from
wyoming how many people from wyoming
exactly no one
no one is from i got my man from wyoming
that means
that means he's into outdoor stuff he
just wants to go hunting and fishing
that's all he wants hunting and fishing
hunting fishing hunting and fishing
and when we first got married we were
trying to have a baby and i'm trying to
romance
them i did normal stuff like candles and
music
right and and romance none of that works
and then i realized okay you gotta
kind of approach a guy with what he
likes and so i figured out how to make
it work
i i ended up standing in the middle of
the bathtub wearing a pair of rubber
waders
come on go fish baby go fish
[Applause]
that's my man right there my man
i i know i look silly i know i look
silly but
i got lucky every time i did
see now i thought he would be happy i
thought that would be the end of it but
no
he took it to the next level because all
of a sudden fishing season's over but
now
it's hunting season so he comes home one
night
and he's like hey sweetheart put this on
so i actually strapped the antlers to my
head right
okay put them on then i had a high
between the couch and the ficus tree
i was a little nervous you know i was
nervous i was nervous because i had
never played hide and go kill before
right oh
but he loved it he loved it i could hear
him in the kitchen
he was like be very very quiet
[Laughter]
it's wife hunting season
that freaked me out so i start running
for the front door because i wanted to
get the heck out of there right
but he goes around the corner with a big
old flashlight and i just froze
it was like a deer in headlights you
know
oh and i was scared because i thought oh
my gosh he's going to take me outside
and strap me to the hood of the car
[Applause]
no he didn't do that he didn't do that
instead he ended up mounting me in the
library
so
[Music]
[Applause]
there's my wife right there
i bagged that woman i bagged that woman
right there
see now if i said mounting me in the
library in a different
town it would mean something totally
different anyways
anyways well you guys are fun
you guys are a fun group you guys are a
fun group so we try to make things work
we try to make things work my guys are
kind of a quiet guy too which works out
pretty good he's kind of quiet
and it works out pretty good for me
because i find myself so interesting
and uh right but guys and girls they're
very different right we all communicate
very different very different
i remember when we first got married i
was out doing uso tours right now i was
entertaining the troops all around the
world
and this is before cell phones and i
couldn't get a hold of them and finally
i got a hold of him this is
and and i heard his voice and i got all
choked up and i said oh my gosh babe i
haven't been able to call you because
the
schedule has been crazy and we're
they're they're flying us in and out on
blackhawks we're performing in bombed
out buildings it's been crazy but i just
want to come home and be with you and
start a family and we'll
we'll just be together forever and he
says oh my gosh sweetie
did you just say that you got to fly in
a blackhawk
[Music]
men and women they're different we
communicate different we always do so
that's where you have to like work it
out you have to make it work you have to
make it work because it gets frustrating
sometimes
guys are just not big communicators and
it starts you can see it in the teenage
years when
when two friends start to try to talk to
each other they don't know how to talk
they don't know how to form sentences
teenage boys right you ever see two
teenage
teenage guys try to talk to each other
on the phone
they don't use sentences they just make
sounds
grunts they're like this hey sup
going later
and they're done and they understand
each other they know where
when you know what time to meet is crazy
but you put too many
teenage girls on the phone it's
completely different have you ever
noticed
teenage girls turn into rambling
contortionists right
it's like oh my gosh cindy i haven't
talked to you in so long it's been like
10 minutes and so much has happened i
went to the mall and i got this really
cool blue skirt and i was like all
excited
except for when i got home i realized i
should have never got blue because ever
since mark and i broke up i've been
feeling so depressed
and blue is the color of depression and
so that's why i was thinking like i
should have never got blue
because blue makes me feel depressed and
i still really like mark
and that's when i was thinking like i
don't know i don't know what i should do
i i was thinking so
[Applause]
anyways i was thinking should i work out
or what what
oh okay well when cindy gets home could
you tell her i called
oh thank you thank you
i don't know what it is i don't know
what it is with women in the phone we
just can't stop right ladies we'd love
to talk
for the longest time i was afraid of
becoming a mom
because all my friends we would talk on
the phone like that right
and then all my friends had had kids
before i did
and and they were the girls that i would
i would talk to on the phone all the
time but then they had their children
and then they would call me and still
try to talk to me but they were talking
to me and yelling at their kids at the
same time
talking to me yelling at their kids at
the same time and i couldn't tell which
was which
you know those people yeah yeah i got a
huge fight with my friend because i
called her up i was like
hey kristel's going to go to the gym do
you want to go and she's like well i
would love to but it's wednesday and um
hey hey i
i am busy
i'm like oh okay well maybe we could go
a little later and she's like
what did i just say
[Applause]
i was like well you said you were busy
so i thought maybe we could go a little
later she's like i
said no i'm like all right
i was just asking she's like if you
don't knock it off i'm gonna smack you
i'm like yeah
i could kick your butt
she's like don't you talk to me like
that i'm like you don't talk to me like
that no you don't talk to me like that
no you don't talk to me like that
and then she's like oh my gosh you've
got poopy pants i'm like at least i
don't stuff my bra
[Laughter]
[Applause]
kids are great i'm glad i found my guy
like i said we're very different
only the only one thing that did did
work out for us that was in common is
i'm a very tall girl so when i was
dating that was kind of tough i
i'm very tall doing any tall ladies in
the crowd any tall ladies yay how tall
are you oh we got a bunch of them how
tall
five nine very nice and you 511 you're
my kind of girl is this your guy right
here
is he taller than you yeah you probably
checked that out first didn't you
i know see now for me i always dated
guys for their height rather than their
wealth
you know be i know because i wasn't
thinking
and uh
now that i look back oh i would love a
short little rich man
anyways
actually i never cared i never cared i
did a short guy i don't care i would
date a short guy he's very hollywood
it's very
very uh attractive if he's confident i'm
okay with it
but some short guys get angry around
tall women did you ever notice that
yeah like we stole their height
like we had anything to do with it but
they get mad did you get this growing up
i always got this
stupid stuff like in high school this
guy would be hey what's the weather like
up there
every day every day hey what's the
weather like up there it was weather
like up there one day i snapped i go
it's raining
you know
i always got those things i was in a
nightclub once i went hey do you play
basketball i'm like no
do you play miniature golf
[Applause]
and you shouldn't get upset about that
you shouldn't get upset about it you
just live with what you have and you use
your sense of humor to get through it i
learned how to get through
my height right like i wanted to be i
wasn't used to being tall but i didn't
want to slouch so i never wanted poor
posture
but i did uh do the the hip stance i
don't know if you ever did that because
here like five
ten right look at five seven
five ten five seven actually worked out
really really good
until one time i was at a party and this
guy starts walking towards me and i
didn't realize how short he was until he
got closer and i was like oh man he is
close
he is shorter wow he is oh i oh wow
really oh man
what's up and he's like wow are you a
model
i thought i was a model i'm like no are
you minnie me
and uh but he was so nice he still asked
me to dance so i didn't want him to
notice i was doing all my cool moves
slow dancing was weird hello
it's crazy ah anyways
i don't know i i just think that the
hype thing doesn't matter it doesn't
matter i never wanted to be rude
so i tried to give uh i tried to be guys
compliments one time i was in a bank
riding some short guy standing in front
of me he was like about five nothing
right
i know and i wanted to give him a
compliment so i looked right at him i'm
like you are so
cute yes you
are and he looked a little mad so i'm
like don't be mad at me come on oh come
on don't be mad at me
let's play ready ready
[Music]
he got a little upset so i just put him
down you know
he scurried away i felt like saying fine
go deposit your pot of gold
[Music]
and women can be mean to each other too
women can be really mean i was trying to
embrace my height trying to
learn to love it right so one time i
decided i'm gonna just like totally go
for it so i put on this brand new green
dress i went out dancing
matching high heels green dress green
heels i felt pretty
but then i was in this this this
nightclub in and
three little petite women are making fun
of me they're like oh look it's the
jolly green giant
the jolly green giant so i just played
along and i was like ho
ho
green giant
see don't let stuff bother you don't let
it bother you
things change we can't change everything
we can't change everything about our
bodies we just have to embrace it right
right and yeah go ahead clap for me
and um i'll tell you why
i'll tell you why okay i like you guys
so i'm going to go for this i am going
to go for this on the last show we were
a little bit
worried like should we do this or not
but i'm going to go for it because you
guys are fun right you guys are yeah
you guys know what humor is about right
yes yes
okay so one of my biggest things i think
a sense of humor is very important in
life because as we know
we can't control everything you can't
control your height you can't control
your body you can't control your size
and that's one thing about women i am
from listen i am from
l.a area work in las vegas and i'm
trying to do this bit right
here in provo without saying any any
words
and um and like i don't want to say the
you know the words about
like you know when women we have
different size you know appears
and um and some women don't like the
size of their up here
and uh right right and so
you know so i'm trying not to say any
words that would offend so you know what
i'm talking about is
bumps that's what i'm talking about the
women's bumps are bumps
like we all have different size bumps
are you with me we have different size
bumps
and and you know what sometimes women
want bigger bumps than they have
and sometimes they don't and i never
worried about the size of my bumps
growing up
if you need help ask your neighbor
some people over here what are you
talking about uh
i never worried about the size of my
bumps because am i the only girl
who thought that uh bumps are kind of
like teeth anybody else teeth like
right teeth i thought my bumps were like
my teeth i thought the baby ones would
fall out
right the baby ones will fall out and
then the permanent ones will come in and
then i'll
and then i'll have adult bumps but uh
clearly that didn't happen
and uh the only time i had big bumps was
uh after i had a baby because
lemon oh right oh my gosh i had a baby
and i went from uh
a bump to um a d-bump
did you know that that bumps come in cup
sizes so i had an a
i had an a cup went to a d-cup but then
when it was all over i was back down to
a quarter cup
that was a it was a little disappointing
so uh listen here's the thing is i live
in orange county right i live in orange
county and what do
orange county women do when they don't
like the size of their bumps what do
they do they buy bumps
right and i think that's kind of silly i
think you should just kind of live with
what you have right
uh but then i thought you know what if
you're really really unhappy you don't
need to buy
any bumps i thought like you can you can
try to make them yourself that way you
don't have to alter your body
with surgery right so i know
so i figured out just bear with me
people
so i figured out how to make homemade
bumps so that when i wanted to blend in
with the hollywood crowd i could
and i went dancing to test it out tell
me what you all think now here we go
hey
and they told me you would be uptight
oh see this even works here it works
here
it's summer now but can you imagine the
winter it'd be like oh is it cold out
[Applause]
oh so these are my homemade bumps people
these are my isn't this great they're
just like the real ones right because
you start out in your 20s right here
right right
and then your 40s right right and then
by the time you're in your 80s hello
it was silly i had so much fun goofing
off with this i did i was in las vegas
and you know there's weirdos out there
so after i know but i blended in
perfectly right
after the show i walked out on the strip
and i stood up against the wall and i
just stood there and watched people go
by i'm just looking
[Applause]
when i went dancing i would see a cute
guy and i'd be like hey
you know but then i turned around like
oh there's a weirdo hello hey
right back at you right there
and it was going pretty good until this
really cute guy came up to me and i got
all nervous and flustered and i screwed
up the whole thing because i was talking
to him and i'm like oh my gosh hi
hi hi i'm frances hi
and that's it for me you guys
you
I have facebook I hate it I have it I
hate have it I don't know if they'll do
this because Facebook's the worst I have
only people I grew up with as my
Facebook friends because it's funny a
little bit but like you look on Facebook
and you know we all went to high school
of [ __ ]
maybe it was some of you god bless you I
don't care [ __ ] away I have no problem
but don't get married and not tell your
husband your or as if we all forgot as a
mother I can't see how anyone could be
pro-choice when I am pro-life I'm like
in high school didn't I Drive you to to
abortion I seriously you can [ __ ] with
people really good though in facebook I
post things like I can't believe that
article I just read in USA today about
how camera flashes caused gay
you'll get more people going where did
you wait what I am I'm looking it up at
googling and I haven't seen it I posted
one the other day that I'm pretty sure
cause about 60% of divorces of the
people that I grew up with I was like if
you think your husband our girlfriend
and what do you think they're cheating
on you and you think you know who it's
with
just drive them over there to that
person's house and if their iPhone or
whatever syncs up to that person's Wi-Fi
I just ruined like happy girls
relationships sorry though we work
together
everyone wants prayers - if your dad is
dying or something hey prayers positive
vibes I got you please pray Tyler has a
good day at school it takes every ounce
of my being to not type [ __ ] kids
please pray as much as tasty I will be
chokes on it
how about that
[Laughter]
I went to school with this girl who was
such a [ __ ] [ __ ] donkey I had to make
up a word for what an [ __ ] was going
but this girl three hundred friends
she's the only one that likes her own
[ __ ] [ __ ] Thank You captain and she's
a few months ago posted this picture of
her kid can you believe hunter you know
he graduated the third grade I'm like he
graduated the third grade aren't you
just supposed to graduate the third
grade
it's like cursive writing and glue I
think if you don't graduate the third
grade like what the [ __ ] is wrong with
you can you believe it and three months
later
can you believe hunter starting the
fourth grade yeah I can't just [ __ ]
told us three months ago all I have to
do is scroll through your recipes and
your which golden girl quiz she likes
Glade plugins that was exciting I told
you that story really to tell you this
story is that one thing I like to do is
I like to add a drink
black and lady and I feel like day
drinkers anyway
Sunday Funday with friends just like
Jesus but the problem is when you go day
drinking you go out with your bullets
you have a great time you get home it's
like 6:00 p.m. it's just 6:00 p.m.
you're hammered do [ __ ] you can't go
back out too late can't go to bed too
early you're texting your grandma like
what they make bad choices what happened
the other day was I end up waking up
about 2:00 a.m. because my calf starts
to lock up
you know you flex your foot it's like a
charley horse and then you're just and
I'm like okay well I guess I'm up for a
while I look at my phone enough I said I
had two notifications on Facebook from
the Kentucky office I don't like
interact with her so I went like oh did
I go on Facebook I did and I click on it
and there's two notifications it pulls
up a picture of Hunter starting the
fourth row
oh yeah new clothes backpack lunchbox
slicked over hair first comment for me
Jenny Johnson yeah I hit that
followed by PS tell him to bring the
lunchbox I don't even know what that
means
I had the notifications because she
liked both
[Music]
so about my husband all right so my
husband is a big man and is six four I'm
fine babe we breathe big kids and and we
wanted them to be in sports and when
they were growing up and so we made them
do all kinds of mess they didn't want to
do and we put our boy when he was little
bitty we put him in t-ball
he hated it I don't know if any of y'all
have had a baby play t-ball but for
those of you who don't know t-ball
season it's about a hundred and ten
degrees outside it's little children
that are for look like they've got a
diaper on under their baseball pants or
a pull-up the games last about three
hours
nobody ever hits the ball throws the
ball catches the ball makes contact with
the ball
my baby laid in a fetal position in the
outfield the entire season he never
touched a ball ever once a while he'd
pop his little head up and say one game
it was so hot
and I tell I told the middle one to go
out and take her brother a water bottle
she was about two and a half and she
went walking out there with a tutu and a
crown and a wand and her pink prostitute
she's from Walmart
she woke about half-way stomped got a
glazed look over eyes pulled her little
panties to the side and poked in the
table she really damn so I had to run
out there and get a stick and flick it
into the woods because I didn't want
another child to step in it or think it
was a milk done he would not play sports
for several years because of that trauma
and then ended up playing football and
and cross-country and a bunch of stuff
and still very he likes to mountain bike
and hike and do scary things but he
likes to come you know out west he likes
and he's a fly fisherman can y'all tell
I'm in love with him okay okay all right
about the sports I played sports I'm
wanting them to play sports - I know
y'all are thinking UCC thing you did not
but I played basketball thank you I made
that it was the early eighties when I
played and I had really big hair I used
to hot roll my hair to play ball
we all did okay so and I'm from such a
little bitty farming community and it's
500 people in Middle Tennessee and we
didn't know what waterproof mascara was
so by the end of my games I look like
say if Timmy won that now his Cooper had
a child together I was a forward
sometimes I had to be the center if Mary
down had to take her baby to the health
department my husband is very smart does
very well
we are sucking the life out of him he is
a nice-looking man but he has a receding
hairline and he hates it
I think it's handsome but he hates it so
I said why don't I take you to my
hairdresser and we'll get her to buzz
you one of those haircuts real close to
your head like Justin Timberlake you
know what I mean like real close to the
hip when we did it and we didn't know
his hand was pointed
[Music]
and he said I look like somebody and I
can't quite think of who it is
and I said is it bull on Night Court
he said no
that's not who I was thinking about
about three days later he sit on the who
it is
it's that lazy starfish Patrick on
SpongeBob Thursday thank y'all so much
for watching my special now I need you
to watch my entire special for $0.99 and
then click it and then I need you to
watch more clips and then click it and I
don't know what you're supposed to be
clicking but they tell the young people
are telling me I don't understand but
just click it
okay I really like you guys I feel like
I can trust you so I'm gonna I'm gonna
confess something to you lately I've
been clicking on those porn links but
say stepmom and stepson in a public pool
okay I know it's disgusting but it
doesn't matter what you type in a
pornhub you're gonna get incest like you
could type in the words normal sex and
you get like three legged girl longs to
be normal
it's gross at the same time it's it's
taboo so it's only human nature to be
attracted to it but I'll get my real
problem with these videos like what I
find it'd be really annoying about them
is the fact that the acting doesn't
really bring the whole fantasy to life
do you know what I mean I think I just
really want the actress to commit and to
really feel the depth of this situation
like when the son walks into the living
room and is like hey mom thank you so
much for letting me throw this pool
party everyone's having a blast
oops sorry I got the floor all wet maybe
I could get you all wet
I want the mom to be like no this is not
no oh my god I felt I failed as a mother
okay whip it out did you erase that
check it out I'm not thrilled not even a
look at you God you kids will be the
death of me
[Applause]
Mandie we have sit still stop wiggling
around you've got basketball in 40
minutes you want to come or not and
focus up young man look at mommy
well great you made a mess clean it up
and you know what while you're at it
clean up your room and then she slams
the door we all get off thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
I've stopped online-dating don't like it
now I just date the old-fashioned way I
just walk outside and hope that's how
people used to date before online dating
you would just put makeup on and go
outside and be like tada
I hope it's today that's all they had to
do they don't have to swipe or make a
profile or anything so much easier it's
nice to not swipe if I don't like
something now I just look away
that's my swipe I just go I dated a guy
who emoji too much it was so gross emoji
too every text had a stupid face on it
you know how annoying that is that's
like talking to a guy and after every
sentence he's like
this is where I like to take a poll of
the room to see what I'm working with
before I move forward by around a bless
my heart thank you my round of applause
has anybody in the room ever been single
[Applause]
[Music]
been there at some point doesn't matter
where you right now right so okay I
wonder why I was single for so long I
think one of my girlfriend's was worried
about me you know cuz if you're single
for too long you get kind of stuck in
your ways like I got to the point where
I was like I don't want to share my bed
bath and beyond stuck there and uh my
girlfriend calls me up she's like JJ I
had this guy for you he's not the best
but he's still good yeah like he was
from the clearance produce section of
the grocery store
if you but you're like the price might
be right
don't do it ladies don't do it a bad
apple that looks good is still a bad
apple yeah so mushy browns in there yeah
ask Eve so we all get that later that's
a Bible joke sorry I'm pretty just
kidding I got more no I finally got to a
point where I was like whatever I'm
gonna try a dating app I was against it
for a very long time but I was like
there's no more fish in the sea they are
all online yeah let's go casting that
there so I download an app and I just
pray Jesus make me a Fisher of men
the church seems to make a dating app
called Fisher men somebody if you see it
one day you are welcome
or I'm sorry whichever want to fly it up
zero so I found a dating app called
coffee meets bagel anybody ever heard of
this one okay yeah one person yeah my
girl Rosie y'all let me tell you what
you're not missing yeah okay so the
thing that I liked about coffee meets
bagel is that it limited you to only
connecting with six people a day which
sounds like a lot but in the dating app
world where it's like unlimited sweet
range of hundreds of people until your
eyes are bloodshot 6 is self-restraint
okay yeah now the weird thing about
coffee meets bagel is that it refers to
people as bagels so every day you get a
little notification that says you know
six new bagels today I'm like I don't
want six bagels
I want one grown man yeah preferably
with a job and a beard a bearded bagel
that's my type okay now the other weird
thing about coffee meets bagel this is
you have a bean Bank and it charges your
beans every time you want to find out
something about your bagel yeah so it's
like yes three mutual friends on
Facebook with this bagel and I'm like oh
really who and it's like that'll be 95
beans please
this is dating in my generation yeah if
you're married
stay there
don't come back out things got weird I
know marriage is hard but you do it
right all right hang in there so one day
I was particularly well stocked in the
beam department I noticed this Bombay
goes looking kind of toasty yeah I was
like oh my word he's got a job he's got
a beard he's got it all he was in
everything bagel so we connected and I
spent my beans it cost me a bunch but
whatever and he sends me a message about
my profile picture because it was a
picture of me holding up the book dating
for dummies because that's what my
mother got me for Valentine's Day though
yeah yeah it wasn't worried at all and
not just any copy lasts we forget all
right so he sends me a message and he's
like hey I really like your profile
picture I actually have the same book
what are the odds and I wrote back and
said well considering the fact that
we're both on a dating app that charges
us beans to call each other bagels I'd
say pretty high yeah
how did not hear back from him I'll burn
that bagel hey uh did you know they
drive our comedy has their own app boom
you can download it right now and watch
my whole special
been out here for five years and i love
america let's get a round of applause
for america
[Applause]
love america so much there's multiple
reasons why i love america the main
reason is fast food as you can tell
love fast food because you have to
understand from an african perspective
in zimbabwe when we're usually talking
about fast food it's usually in
reference to how fast food runs away
from us
yeah and i don't know if you can tell
but i'm definitely more of a gatherer
than a hunter so
it works out well for me
there's many things that i like out here
but there's a few things that i don't
like
like one thing i don't understand is
winter because again you have to
understand from an african perspective
literally the sky is falling on you guys
right killing things and you guys are
like let's play in it
doesn't make sense another thing i don't
like is peeps
who here likes peeps cool so we know
who's going to die from diabetes then
yes
get your affairs in order i actually
learned not to like people before i even
came to america which was like a weird
thing right
because you see we i was working in
charities growing up all throughout my
life
and the one time we got this excess
shipment right and it was weird because
the first thing we that came out was a
used
barrel of underwear that was weird
because we saw the skid marks and we
were like what is going on in america
like this is what they're sending but
then what followed
we were we saw all this candy like what
is this
saltwater taffy peeps
they're clearly saving the best candy
for the african kids
all right so we took it immediately we
packed up our trucks
full of the candy we go out to the
villages right and you have to
understand when we go to villages like
we're all like vibing right like
africans like we're like hey
you know we dance we break it down
everyone's like calling me santa claus
and they're like it's mainly just
because he's fat and white yes
yeah right and so uh we're dancing we're
dancing and i was in a group full of
children
right there was this four-year-old boy
in particular though he's breaking it
down he's like this is a miracle
you know breaking it down and i was like
okay clearly this kid deserves the first
bag of peeps right
so i hand him the bag he rips it open he
shoves his arm in
he puts it in his mouth and what was
absolute happiness
and joy immediately turned to sheer
horror and dread on his face
and he spat it out i don't know about
you ladies and gentlemen
but how bad does a candy have to be
that a starving african child is
literally like no i'm good i
don't need that in my life
yeah take some of that chocolate
underwear though yeah that looks good
[Laughter]
funny funny
hey did you know that dryball comedy has
its own app
that's right you can download it right
now to watch my whole special
do it right now
I'm so happy to be here I had such a
productive day to day actually I wash my
sheets today thank you
yeah for the first time in four dudes
it's uh it's been a hell of a week so
I'm single obviously but I'm newly
single I just got dumped in March of
2014 so well that sounds like way sexier
than being like I'm so lonely I ride the
CTA for fun you know and I think that
part of the reason why is because I
drink a lot I love drinking or you guys
are into even though it's Tuesday oh
yeah before you tickets or whatever
lucky [ __ ] yeah I love trinkets my
favorite gonna do the world I like a
drinking problem or issue or whatever ah
I just found out about it I don't call
it that
the doorman in my apartment building
calls it that every time he sees me
which is fair cuz his shift starts at
noon
and then I saw like stop call him your
doorman I'm your father move out already
he's a silly guy but I was I was
recently sober for two weeks which
doesn't sound like a lot cuz it's not
but it was like embarrassing me you guys
one of the hardest things I've ever had
to do and I stepped on the scale after
those two weeks realize I'd lost seven
pounds that's how much I've been
drinking that's disgusting and it's not
a plot where these guys are all right on
it with that shut up shut up stool ate
when I was I was still proud of myself
really a look at myself in the mirror
and I was like oh hey yes [ __ ] I'm
proud of you you you deserve the treat
[Music]
then immediately blacked out that night
yeah it's hard it's hard being sober in
Chicago it was especially cause like I
can't just go out have like one drink
like it's like I think that there's only
one good time that night to stop
drinking in Chicago you guys if you're
drinkers you know it it's the point of
night work almost all the bars are
closed so it's like 4:00 or 5:00 6:00
7:00 in the morning and you're walking
down the street and you see the one bar
with its lights till I call
and you you go throat stores and go to
the guy at the counter and you say it's
it's been a long Monday I you know what
I'm reciting - two shots of Jameson and
after that you can just close you just
close my tab out for that and then he
says back to you
ma'am this is a CVS pharmacy
seriously okay just the oxycotin but my
ass relationship ended because I was
drinking too much and that sucked but a
good friend of mine said that the best
way to get over an ex-boyfriend this is
what you do ladies each own a boxing gym
okay and every day that you're there you
just pictured his stupid ugly [ __ ]
face I don't know why I'm looking right
at you oh I'm sorry usually there is an
ugly dude sitting in the front row but
are you guys together okay nevermind I'm
not gonna [ __ ] waste my time
well good for you that's I'm happy for
you guys
ah no okay so you're at the boxing gym
rat new picture your ex-boyfriends
stupid ugly [ __ ] face right in the
punchy bag my friend was like it's great
you're gonna burn a lot of calories
right like whatever I'll try it first
day of class I think I'm doing very well
sweating I'm having a good time and the
trainer of the gym comes up to me and
he's like man we're gonna have to ask
you to leave you know yeah and I was
confused I was like what do you what are
you talking about and he said you keep
sobbing and making out with your
punching bag so I bought sit home now
with my body pillow his name's Gary and
I tried all those the online dating
tinder those apps and stuff and that's
not never really like worked for me so
lately this is what I'm doing I'm trying
to find guys using uber because that way
you're you know they have a car and a
job
but I don't recommend it if you're a
drinker like me because one time I like
walked out in the middle of street at 3m
and just hopped in a hot guys backseat
and he was like I'm not an uber and I
was like so don't do that
hey hey funny people welcome to the
famous Laugh Factory in Hollywood
California on the Sunset Strip where
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed and where you could get
your big break
we're teaming up with Laffy Taffy and
Nick Cannon to find Laffy Taffy's
first-ever chief laughs officer was kind
of like a chief executive officer but
way more fun and no stock options if
chosen you not only get that sweet-ass
job title you also win $10,000 a trip to
Los Angeles and the chance to perform on
this very stage all you got to do is
write one two three jokes that could be
written on those Laffy Taffy rappers
emit a 60 to 90 second video of your
best comedic skit to laffy taffy candy
com do that by May 31st and you could
end up right here on this very stage or
some of the best comedians in the world
have performed good luck Godspeed and
may the funny forces be with you
[Music]
I'm deep into porn I like my point I
don't like that quick five six minute
video [ __ ] I need 25 30 minutes I like
my porn with a storyline yeah I like my
porn with a movie like I don't know
what's gonna happen next are they going
[ __ ] is he gonna kill her what's gonna
happen I like my I like my porn with a
storyline I get deep into it one time I
was sitting there naked watching the
movie I hadn't even dragged off yet I'm
just naked as he like what's gonna
[ __ ] have it
my wife is pregnant my I just took my
kid I took my wife and my kids out to
eat my two kids we already got we went
out to Red Robin which is the [ __ ]
big deal we have burgers then my son we
got done eating my son went over to my
wife is like mommy need some help
getting up you're pregnant you're big
now he looks over at me and says daddy
you need to be more of a gentleman you
need to help mommy up I looked at my son
and face said dude you got my little
[ __ ] right now wait [ __ ] you're trying
to show me up for it we got hurt we
don't have we don't got to do nothing
new for her we got her already [ __ ] out
a Red Robin we go on a shopping going
all this [ __ ] Oh daddy I'm a petty
[ __ ] you know I'm saying I'm
petty as hell my cousin the reason he
got diagnosed with MS and with his
diagnosis he was awarded disability I'll
get the [ __ ] out of here I do if he
could get disability I could get this
good
I went to the disability website and
just started looking up things you get
disability for my my gamma get
disability i'ma get and I seen one of
the things you can get disability for is
a stutter I stopped and looked at that
screen like I could have an image I
could have been in it chuckling sheep is
all got down I could have a give me I
kind of it didn't check his [ __ ] these
all got top the fucked-up part is I
really grew up with a stutter for my
preschool to junior high school I had a
speech therapist can't pick me up once a
week out of class took me to have speech
lessons so I'm thinking at the very
least I'm severe to give back pay that's
ready to get back pay that's ready to go
tell us at colleges I don't stutter
anymore but do you old me for the pain I
went through this give me $5,000 I said
right now for $5,000 so I go buy me a
new car and I can do over
[Music]
my roommate just got that little robot
Alexa you can talk to it tell to do
stuff turn the lights on turn the lights
off and Alexa is shitty and her [ __ ]
job she is mad and I share a bedroom
wall with my roommate and it just sounds
like he's in an abusive relationship I
come home from work over there Alexa
turn the lights on Alexa turn the lights
off Alexa I cannot get light doc I'm
like just hit her dude she's a robot
she can't feel it it's not Westworld
but I'm scared of that Terminator [ __ ]
here so when he goes to work in the
morning I always pop my head in like hey
Alexa you doing okay
her Greg yelling at you wanted to let
you know I'm one of the good ones
i do love the midwest that's where i'm
from i love the midwest
um and if you're from the midwest you
kind of got to know about sports we got
some sports fans here
oh okay all right i wasn't sure i don't
know anything about sports last year i
thought the twins were gonna win the
stanley cup all right
i don't know anything guys will come out
to be at the bar guys will come up to me
at the brother like
who think's gonna win the game man
and i'm always like we are
they're like what do you think the score
is going to be and i'm always like tight
i have to go the bathroom i mean i used
to play tennis
that's the typical response
i went to uh tennyson life camp it's a
christian tennis camp in saint peter
minnesota
which is weird because i'm a jew
i don't know if my mom had a coupon i'm
not sure what the heck happened there
hey that's not what i meant
one of the instructors came up to me and
john rappaport the only other jewish kid
in the camp they're like hey do you guys
want to go to morning reflections
we're like no we're just gonna stay in
our room and be jewish
count our money you know what i mean
we're not gonna do any of that
but they had songs we'd sing and of
course that was my favorite part
being a performer
all right i'll sing you one uh give me a
t
give me a tl give me a tlc yes that's
the place for me
dancing life camp where are we out of
that uh
where we meet all kinds of people and do
serves for him
do you know how embarrassing this is for
me right now
i need it was a motivational tennis camp
though and that was to get us motivated
i need that motivation
now you know what i mean yeah you know
my son well not
right now but
it's my mom she came with too but i need
that motivation now you know now my song
is
give me a p give me a pi
give me a p-i-z-z-a i'm gonna die
where i meet all kinds of people and go
home by myself what
after the show and emotionally eat till
i cry
give me a pee all right
so you're with me so we were like that
was sad
i know they had these at the game if i
can get it out right homer hankies
sometimes they're crying towels
okay just for me on the crying towel all
right
yeah are you sports guy sir are you
sports he's like this
you're like me you're like whatever
you sports sir sports man what do you
like basketball
that's the
play basketball for a little bit i know
that one i asked a guy in the front row
a couple days ago i go what's your
favorite sport he said fishing i go no
no a sport but you can't say that
because i was joking but they were not
laughing
like it is a sport i sit
i'm like that's my kind of sport yeah
be weird to bring one of these there on
the shoreline get that walleye
you stink
been here for five minutes all right but
i'm the kind of guy that go
goes to the game this guy's like oh here
comes the magic
is a bird gonna fly to my butt no ah
no i'm the kind of guy that goes to the
game and notices everything else that
happens
you ever go to a game sometimes you go
to a game and you buy a drink
and they'll actually uh take and remove
your bottle cap you ever notice that
yeah you go to a game and you buy a
drink
and they'll take and remove
hold your applause we're building
you are okay good all right i like that
you ever go to a game and you buy a
drake hey look it's green
all right couple more family members
there
i don't know what they're worried about
ready one two
three
all right thank you
maybe they're worried you're gonna hit
someone in the head with the cap right
well maybe they should be less worried
about the cap and more worried
about the bottle are we tired
[Applause]
local man robs wendy's with alligator
we're the alligator boys now
[Music]
mom
I have a very high bed in my bedroom the
kind of gotta get a running start to get
on I have a high aspect so I was being
made love to by a gentleman and I was on
my bed on my mattress on my back on the
mattress my booty was scooch to the edge
of the mattress
my legs are in the air I've got a big
rose you can visualize you know what the
[ __ ] you were doing and he almost lost
his balance but he didn't want to fall
so what he did to not fall Baron act was
grabbed me he grabbed me use my belly
that was a goddamn spotter you wouldn't
and the next [ __ ] mayose my his the
Nerdist game over the door I know
something
I know it's my baby there just got real
you gonna grab my ankles my thighs the
mattress I need my own hands
they're real strong when I'm getting
banged out but no he decided swap her
self-esteem real quick
now there's a message miss for the
ladies ladies he had no idea he did
anything wrong he blacked out no clue
the next day I was like why did you wrap
my belly while you were excited he was
like who babe I just wanted to enjoy you
I just wanted to hold you during the
moment or you hold these you want to
hold me here
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I am suing that's what's up all right so
yeah I am gonna be on power this Sunday
so you should guys to watch me it's been
cool cuz that thank you I've been on
here for two years I'm a stand-up
comedian for real but I'm gonna be on TV
so I came out here to live my dream so
it's happening if you see me driving
lifts mind your [ __ ] business
for real I like so weird I told her girl
she's like so what do you do I was an IG
stand-up comedy and like I've lived on
the side she was like left and I was
like well what do you do she was like I
tried over I was like [ __ ] that's the
same I'll run you over get in front of
my car I run yo don't [ __ ] on my dreams
it's been cool
I quit my full-time job three years ago
and I like it just have to take that
leap of faith makes me a caseworker man
got a do it man [ __ ] those four people
it was horrible I used to give out food
stamps and Obamacare I hated it I hated
it so much now I'm pursuing my dream now
I need food stamps and Obamacare you see
how life come back around and bite you
in it well in the office like help me
see me save me and like Brandi you got
it get to the back of the line I'm my
girl coming to your office in here all
them goddamn cat posters down okay it's
always one person in office with a cat
mousepad a cat that's how she got cat
everything and she always want to bring
[ __ ] to the pot look like listen Linda
we already know that you're camping all
over your counter tops okay we don't
want your potato salad stop
who brought the pre-made food I used to
get hit on by my clients which was also
like interesting yeah cuz it's like
after the interview you just told me you
ain't had a job in six months you living
with your parents
you can feed your kids but after the
interview date my comment get her number
though right that's really high
self-esteem that's like the second time
Oh Jay got out yeah I'm saying that's
like way really really really high
confidence right it was crazy because
when he did it he did it so cool I was
like oh my goodness I was like today's a
good day Marcus you've been approved for
the food stamps in Obamacare he was like
that's cool miss Denise and he leaned
back and he licked his lips I thought he
was hungry I was like okay he was like I
got a question for you though
and I was like dang well that's not how
interviews work but what's up Marcus
it was like was I proof for your number
though I would give you my number but
this is looping stopping me it's caught
a background check Marcus no you can't
have my goddamn number
you can't feed you I thought you can't
feed me what a hell we gonna go on a
grocery shopping Food Stamp day you're
on a Whole Foods here I can like a
supermarket sweep you can have whatever
you like what I'm asked what organic
milk at bay
[Music]
you know it doesn't make sense to me the
most are dick pics genital pictures
that's how I column it's also the name
of the production company I'm starting
fittingly to invest in general pictures
ah because I just don't understand why
you would send it to women ever you know
what I mean because I feel like dick
pics are just for dudes like I know that
you're sending it to me because if you
sent it to the dude to do it directly
that would be weird
and we'll maybe a little gay you know
but if you send it to me you know I'm
going to show it to all the dudes around
me and that's what you're sending it so
that now all the men in my circumference
know how big your dick is and that you
have like an ottoman or whatever it's
also late it's also like not relative
like you're not sending me the picture
with a dollar bill next to it they're
gonna move established how much I watch
Law & Order like a lot I know
everything's on statins like it's like
you could be zooming and filtering you
know like it's like when you see Tom
Cruise on the big screen and you're like
he is so tall and then you medium in
person and you're like he's five seven
[ __ ] your dick can be standing on an
Apple box is what I'm saying
like being tricked and also like I
always end up getting those pictures at
the worst possible moment like it never
comes when I'm at home alone by myself
it always shows up on my phone when my
phone is out on the table on a date
because I haven't shown pictures of my
dog you know and then you see this
picture come up in a like yeah well this
is the offer that just came in can you
can you do better than now if not I have
to drive the Riverside
alright I'm Sarah Tiana have a good
night
and give it up for me in 2019 I'm gonna
be turning 50 again I love it thank you
thank you yeah black don't crack
would you using the back of my feet got
more cracks in a shiner Wang okay you
know you'll feel bad when you cut your
foot with your other foot either getting
a pedicure chair right now I'm feeling
every stitch of being 50 that's one
thing about it when you get older as a
woman then come get your ass for the
mammograms I mean this it's a cute
thought you should just go get it when
you're like 40 but when you 50 they come
get your ass like you're FBI and dumb
suckas hurt why why the hell do we have
why we know we need it but why I make it
more comfortable how long have we been
putting our titties in a can crusher and
smashing took rape that ain't fair I
mean for real for real for real my first
one I did not know what it was gonna be
like the lady put the damn titty in
there and kept cranking the handle is
tightening the grip I said [ __ ] you got
me okay you got me you need some secrets
[ __ ] I'll talk what is this the NSA let
a [ __ ] go and then she had the nerve to
walk away and told me don't move how da
[ __ ] I'm on moon when my teeny in a
death grip [ __ ] if I sneeze I'm a
snatch my titty off my chest
hurry up take a picture and she let me
out of the damn thing and it depleted my
cute perky breasts I always had some
nice perky ass breasts that shit's gone
now
I went from 34 be to 34 long
in five minutes I went to get dressed I
had to roll my breast up like a scarf
[Applause]
alright I'm ready to go my friend might
feel like this but I feel like if you
got small breasts you shouldn't have to
get a mammogram they should be a better
stand-up back and look for lumping your
titty I tried to get out of it one year
I said look can't you see it from there
she said I thought I saw a lump but that
was your titty getting the machine get
on in it's time for the lockdown
you know a man must have made that damn
machine because in contrast men have to
have annual exams as well they have the
prostate exam very hot daddy had to had
a prostate exam and and and and I've
heard men complain oh it's so
uncomfortable it's not a good feeling
[ __ ] though well unless you get in your
nuts in a vice grip you ain't going
through shake as a matter of fact you
should be enjoying that little
experience
think about it you getting somebody to
fondle your nuts sticking fingers up
your butt you having a ball so that's a
date really give it dinner and some
drinks on it the next time and make it a
night
[Music]
so I see you're all drinking don't drink
and drive I think we can all learn from
miss Lohan's little problems here's what
I don't get with the rig it why all of
us who drink and drive cuz we don't have
enough money for that [ __ ] you know what
you think [ __ ] it I don't have enough
money for a cab
Lindsay Lohan Mel Gibson Wynonna Judd
what the hell is wrong with you I
understand the drinking but if you're
that drunk call a cab for Christ's sake
you know what you're so rich get
creative you could call the Clydesdales
to pick you up with a beer wagon that's
how [ __ ] rich you are you could drink
and ride a pony the whole way home
that's totally not illegal and then you
could scream out race just [ __ ] the
whole way cuz no one would believe the
witness the following day on CNN there's
some idiot girl in Malibu
I saw Mel Gibson on a pony screaming he
hated Jews no you didn't Mindy no you
didn't go have another jello shot and
find your girlfriends you're just [ __ ]
up Mindy
how long you guys been together when he
runs oh oh together oh but like married
how is your sex life know that you're
married I'm just wondering cuz my kiss
oh yeah my husband I were together six
years we've been married two years but
as soon as we got married sex life
changed like it's not like it got worse
it just got different like weird [ __ ]
turns me on now that used to not turn me
on before it's not what you think sir
for example I got very aroused the other
day because my husband yelled at our
neighbor because the neighbor was
playing his music too loud that's weird
I even googled man yelling at neighbour
porn just to see like other people were
into it and they're not which is weird
you can google any type of porn you can
be like helicopter basketball it's just
like a guy dunking on a puss and you're
like yeah like every it's there but
there's no like quiet down something it
doesn't exist a little bit of context
our neighbors a 75 year old man he's
just this old [ __ ] who parties harder
than we do we live in an apartment
building he lives directly beneath us
he's always just like blasting his music
day and night other day husband I are
just like sitting on the couch just
watching TV and like all you hear is
like beneath us are just like it's like
old man's just having a rave by himself
and before I can even say anything my
husband just leaps off the couch crushes
his beer can in his hand and goes this
ends tonight it just runs out of our
apartment I'm like oh my god my knight
in shining sweatpants he's defending my
honor couple seconds later I'd hear him
downstairs like knocking on the
neighbor's door and he starts yelling at
this old man and the old man starts
yelling back at him and I'm upstairs
like listening through the floorboards
like cuz this is my four flame right and
they're going at it hard to just back
and forth back and forth back and forth
all of a sudden it's quiet
thirty seconds later husband comes
bursting through the door glistening and
sweat points at me and says it's been
handled
really it's that's the hottest thing
I've ever heard like if you live with
your significant other go yell at the
neighbor tonight do it because we have
the craziest sex of our lives there's
just like talk dirty to me yeah let me
like you yelled at the neighbor he's
like okay shut the [ __ ] up old man the
cops
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh gosh, nowadays they kind of like
remix all kinds of music, don't they?
I mean, you've got like,
I like the country techno.
You know the one that's like,
♪ How do I live without you ♪
(beatboxing)
♪ Sweet dreams of ♪
♪ rhythm and magic ♪
♪ How do I live without you ♪
(beatboxing)
♪ Sweet dreams ♪
♪ How do I live ♪
♪ Sweet dreams ♪
♪ How do I live ♪
♪ Sweet dreams ♪
(beatboxing)
Oh my gosh.
(audience cheering)
You can dance your booty off.
I get all hot and sweaty.
One night I went and I say,
Get me something to drink,
I'm ready to get back
out on the dance floor
and somebody gave me 
one of those, what is it,
Red Bull things?
Oh man, I drank that and
I was like Dolly Parton.
Like,
♪ Stumble out of bed ♪
♪ and run to the kitchen ♪
♪ Pour myself a cup of ambition ♪
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
That stuff, it gives you wings,
'cause you're
gonna need a helicopter
to take you to the hospital
for that heart attack.
Man, I love Dolly Parton, 
I don't know about you guys,
I'm a Dolly fan.
Oh yeah, you are too?
Love Dolly,
she recently had that movie,
what was it?
Dumplin?
Did you guys see that?
Yeah, that was a good movie.
I love Dolly 'cause
she's like 73 years old
and she looks like she's 50.
That movie right there gave me hope
'cause I was thinking, 
Wow, a size 14 could be a seven.
(audience laughing)
Love it.
Dolly is a great country singer.
Country music's evolved, 
oh my goodness.
You go out, I told you,
you could hear all kinds 
of country music.
I grew up on,
"Hello, y'all, I'm Johnny Cash."
He stopped loving her today
and somehow all the country singers
that my father introduced me to 
that were female singers,
they all have this little overbite.
Sort of like they had a day job,
somewhere sharpening pencils, 
you know just . . .
(audience laughing)
Picking up a pencil like,
there you go, thank you.
(audience laughing)
That little whistle.
His favorite now is
Reba McEntire, you know
and Reba doesn't have
that overbite, you know.
Reba's got lips like a little baby duck,
you ever notice that?
You've seen her?
You've seen her
on the CMAs, you know.
You just wanna
sprinkle breadcrumbs,
say, "Come on, Fancy,
"it's your last chance, girl."
(audience laughing)
You be nice to the strangers,
they'll be nice to you.
(audience laughing)
I love me some Reba.
Man, she's been a major influence 
to so many out there.
Like, you know, 
I don't know, Taylor Swift,
Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood.
Who do you think was her influence?
I'm thinking maybe like Loretta Lynn.
Someone a little older than her.
♪ I'm proud to be ♪
♪ a coal miner's daughter ♪
Lynn Anderson.
♪ I beg your pardon ♪
♪ Never promised you a rose garden ♪
Maybe Patsy Cline,
what do you think?
Patsy, yeah?
If Patsy were alive today
she'd be doing those
Verizon commercials, 
surely, wouldn't she?
She'd be like
♪ I go out talking after midnight ♪
♪ Out in the moonlight ♪
♪ Just to try and speak to you ♪
♪ I go out talking after midnight ♪
♪ 'Cause weekends ♪
♪ and nights are free ♪
(audience laughing)
Can you hear me now?
when my husband moved in I got
comfortable real quick like the first
few days I would light a match after I
went to the bathroom to maintain that
whole girls don't shed illusion now I
don't even flush I'm just marking my
territory he's getting comfortable too
like the other day he said to me I like
it when people eat my ass people who are
these people the thing I like about
marriage though is the feeling of
security like I know no matter how many
fights we get into what horrible thing I
say or do he has nowhere to go it's
great marriage feels like a one-night
stay on that lasts forever you wake up
together every day and you can't say
what are you still doing here you know
like you have to adjust so now I say
what are we still doing here we figure
it out together
I'm surprised I got married I'm not good
at dating I've been on a lot of bad
dates I once went on a first date with a
guy who ordered a pitcher of beer for
himself I was like wow this guy's just
asking to be date raped
and I did it everyone today is taking
medication for something people take it
for depression for anxiety
this guy was dating was taking it for a
low t-cell count
it's an AIDS joke you'll get it if
you're not careful I've had chlamydia
twice I look like it um apparently you
get it from hotel towels or it could
have been from all those
disgusting people without condoms but I
think hotel towels every man who's ever
said to me I want to you so badly
did just that
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
how'd it go bra shopping online recently
we tried that ladies yeah gentlemen all
right here's the thing when you do that
they ask you the dumbest question right
up top they go what shape are your
breasts where they round a teardrop are
they a symmetrical I'm like cool what do
you have back there for literal sandbags
because my boobs look like a pound of
Greek yogurt shoved into cheesecloth
what for that
mm-hmm nothing teardrop it is I guess
let's go with teardrop let's do it I
think boobs are weird
they're crazy there's nothing else like
them on anybody right I've never met a
guy that's like yeah you know what I did
lose 20 pounds but you know the weight
came off my balls first we have to keep
buying bras accordingly right throughout
our whole life and there's all different
shapes and sizes right you got like
front class bras which are hilarious to
take off because every time you take off
my front class bra just looks like your
chest is vomiting tits
we've got strapless bras which like I
put in a strapless broad within five
minutes it's around my waist so the
worst hula hoop
[Music]
I'm already so jealous of women who can
wear like like sexy bras like from some
French boutique always called like we
are like Shh straps are made of whispers
cup size as big as a Girl Scout batch
like okay and always made of lace who
was in charge of that decision who was
like hey ladies you know the most
sensitive skin on your body hair
put this issue spiderweb
[Music]
the latter years of my my teen years my
grandma raised me and she taught me how
to value myself as a woman and I want to
share this with you guys even if you
have a daughter if you don't if you know
the little girls share this with them
because if she would have told me this
before I turned 17 I probably wouldn't
have been section eight in my house out
but I needed a bus pass so but my
grandma taught me how to value myself
she said you have to think of yourself
as a house baby
every woman should think of herself as a
house now is one thing that you got to
remember you can't be letting all kind
of me and go in and outside your house
you know I'm saying because then you'll
be known as the crack house and you
don't want to be the crowd you also got
to remember that every man wants to come
inside your house mm-hmm
[Music]
breach breach breach
she said you want to keep the grass cut
and keep it clean because you don't want
people walking by thinking you got an
abandoned house
she say don't go out late at night
getting drunk and stuff do not go out
late at night getting drunker somebody
will break into your house baby right
through the back there breaking it right
to the back you ain't nothing like that
and she said once you find a man that
love you and care about you you go ahead
and he'll sign that paperwork and he'll
put a ring on your finger and he will
buy that house and I sold mine I sold my
house I got me a husband temporarily and
I was shocked when he was like will you
marry me I was like for real you want to
marry me because this is a fixer-upper
it got a lot of issues you will not be
the first person to move into this house
I want to let you know it's kind of
spacious I don't think you could see he
said don't worry I'll refurbish it and
he did he did but what had happened was
he had left the house the one a
foreclosure so now I'm thinking about
renting the backyard out so agent is hey
everyone my name is Ben I'm with a
lapidary production to hit the light
factory and I have to advise for you
please like subscribe and comment if you
can't it be nice yeah
why am i hungry I mean I'm hungry I'm
embarrassed but I feel like I know you
guys like I can eat okay I didn't know I
never lose my appetite never you never
have to worry about it
I actually had what they call else I
MERS bulimia I ate a lot then I forget
to throw up
I love it in your thirties when you eat
a lot right you gain weight you gain
weight and it's because you ate a lot in
your 40s when you gain weight
you're like must be a thyroid problem
you know what and it's it's hard to diet
it's hard that I tried the Master
Cleanse No
Master Cleanse there's like limited
ingredients it's like water cayenne
pepper maple syrup lemon salt I don't
know I don't know about any of you but
if any of you ever pissed out your
[ __ ] because
[Applause]
I thought I was dying
[Laughter]
I love the gay guys were like I thought
it was okay I just had a wonderful
[Applause]
[Music]
you try and diet then Girl Scout season
comes a lot and those [ __ ] are
everywhere they pop up like ninjas in
front of your grocery store like hey you
know what you can't avoid them you you
know what I mean you don't want to be a
dick so what do you do you buy your
bucks you buy a box of the Thin Mints
you take those Thin Mints cuz you can
control the Thin Mints go home you go to
your freezer you put in the box of Thin
Mints cuz you can control that then
later you go to your freezer when you
pull it out and they're all frozen
together like one big [ __ ] findt
and that counts as one cookie the diet's
over
[Applause]
[Music]
but i found i found that stuff to be
really
effective
so nice to be with you hey may i ask and
please do not feel embarrassed about
raising your hand if you're one of these
people
how many of you out there never heard of
me no idea what i'm going to do for you
just raise your hand if you're one of
those hold them right up hold them up
okay six
wait i just want to let you guys know
who held your hands up there okay i just
want to let you guys know in particular
that
i'm a pretty big deal
didn't used to be even in six months ago
nothing special and then i'm online one
day
and this facebook uh message box popped
up from a facebook friend
who was actually a real friend and it
said
congratulations so proud
so
i said thank you why he said
check out the link and i did i clicked
on the link it took me to
americomics.com
top comics of the year there's my
picture
my bio the whole thing right there so
yeah thank you thank you
there were 3 400 of us
i was in a smaller category called clean
slash older
the three of us
and the other two guys had walkers
but here's the great thing about the
internet and if you're younger than me
and that's most of you here
uh if you're younger than me you know
this is true oh my goodness what a
marketing
tool that is huh to think that i could
have a career like this for 40 years
which i did 40
40 years just kind of like like this and
then this thing happens on the internet
and it
it's just like whoa look give me an
example
i went back to that website three weeks
ago
now there are only two
so god is doing some wonderful things
for me in my life
judging from that last guy's picture
[Music]
getting older i'm getting away and you
are too by the way we're
we're all uh getting older this uh but
but
you know most of the time you don't even
know it you you don't even you don't
think about it it's except one day you
might go oh there's a little grain
something like but normally you don't
even think about it except those special
times when you realize i'm getting older
i've been through one of those i
i had my 50 year checkup a couple months
a few years
actually it's been nearly two decades
just out of interest how many of you
been through that 50-year check-up stuff
for you
hilarity yourself anybody out there
anybody yeah okay
you know that that's the special one
isn't it that's the one where the
normally healthy person has their first
exposure to the whole idea
of the colonoscopy i can just break that
word down for you briefly
colon that's the last five or six
feet of the large intestine and escopey
asco p latin word medical term literally
translated
garden hose with camcorder
my doctor was describing for me what i
was going to be going through and i
don't know how i got to be 50 years of
age
without knowing what that procedure i
don't know how that
got we've been very healthy in my family
i guess i just didn't know what it was
and so he's describing for me what i
would be enduring and i should tell you
that my doctor
is actually my best one of my best
friends
since college so for 40 years we've been
close friends
has a wonderful sense of humor we've had
a great relationship
and and so as he was telling me what i'm
going through because of our
relationship
i thought he was joking
so my response was
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
they are going to put me out for this i
don't know how i feel about my doctor's
bedside manner he actually laughed
in my face he said no no no bob you can
watch the whole thing if you want
i said no i don't think i'm
that flexible
[Music]
then to make it worse i i had to drink
uh
two big plastic bottles of this stuff
meant to cleanse my digestive system and
i don't know how you felt about that
stuff ma'am
but i found i found that stuff to be
really
effective
3 a.m i'm in my favorite place
my wife came in she said you you did
dilute this stuff didn't you
i would explain it
cleanse my digestive system every other
system
i lost computer files that night
the instruction sheet from the hospital
said before you come for your 6 a.m
procedure be sure that you drink listen
3 800 milliliters of water
i'm from minnesota not manitoba i have
no idea
what this me i didn't i never studied
them the metric
uh uh system i'm not familiar with this
term i've never sold drugs i did not
know what this meant
so four am i'm in my kitchen with a bowl
and a measuring cup and a ruler
[Laughter]
trying to figure out how many
milliliters are in an inch
don't work too hard on that the answer
is none
but then i started thinking milla mill
no
i think that junior high coming back i
think that means
thousands so i backed the decimal point
up three places
to 3.8
they shot that out in canada by the way
3.8 liters which is a gallon
of water and i'm thinking
is this is this possible could this be
accurate i'm type i think it is i've
never drank a gallon of water in one
standing in my life
but i did it and i got to the hospital
and the nurse said well mr stromberg how
are you feeling i said well not great
i just drank a gallon of water can you
can you explain
to me why why why i wouldn't even think
it would be safe medically to do such a
thing
and she said well you need you're going
to need to fill up that little the
plastic
cup the little cup
from here
i'm kind of hoping so because otherwise
it won't even be a challenge
[Music]
and then she went over and she got the
little plastic cup
i mean that's so disappointing and
condescending because
i was pretty sure i could have done it
the point of the story is it made me
feel my age it made me feel
old and also made me feel old because
the doctor was
maybe 15. fortunately he didn't come by
himself his girlfriend tagged along
they had their little white earbuds in
during the whole
procedures like how rude is that
i didn't mind though you know why
because they gave me this sedative oh my
goodness i'll bet there's somebody from
the medical field who knows what that's
called what is that called anybody know
no that wasn't it
verse said verses i always forget
i know the generic name sure i don't
mind go ahead do whatever you want
and that got that stuff got me wondering
what general anesthesia must be like
because i've never i've never
experienced that or if i have
my buddy across the street though cal uh
he has uh
same age as me we have sons of same age
we played ball
basketball with our kids in the driveway
pretty competitively as they got older
for all
we played from the time they were
toddlers all the way through their adult
young adult years and about seven eight
years ago uh
my boys came home for i think it was for
thanksgiving and they said hey dad
andersons are coming over we're gonna
play come on come on i said you know
what you guys
i i i think i'm done
so what what what do you mean about i
just i think i'm
it's probably best i think i'm done
what do you mean you're done dad you
can't be done
we've been doing this our whole lives
you can't what do you mean you're done
i'll explain i quit
and it wasn't that i would have my way
because my boys were taller than i am
faster stronger now better ballplayers
fathers like to see that happen to their
kids huh no what bothered me was
i felt that my my boys were routinely
hurting me in far too many creative ways
they seemed to enjoy it too much and i
said you know guys
you're going to hurt me badly i'm not
going to be able to do my work anymore
so
i actually quit which was a good
decision they weren't happy but it was a
good decision
because my my neighbor my age cal he
kept playing
last winter popped his achilles tendon
yeah do you know what happens when you
pop an achilles tendon
rolls right up the back i know they
found out behind his shoulder blade
they had him on a gurney they're rolling
him down the hall they're going to grab
it roll it back down and attach it
he said he saw one little drip of
general anesthesia going to his hand and
he thought to himself
what if i'm one of those people it
doesn't work
on in a panic he sat right up on the cot
looked the surgeon right in the eye and
said
this stuff better work and the surgeon
said well
i think it did because we're all done
i'll tell you for me one of the great
things about getting old i mean this is
the greatest thing
in the last several years for the first
times i have become
a grandfather
pretty young house here are there any
grandparents out here any grandparents
yeah oh look right there yeah same as
the colonoscopy people amazing
i asked your grandparents is there
anything like it
there isn't is it there's nothing
there's nothing and we were told this do
you remember his parents we were told
wait to your grandparents we were like
you know
we you couldn't we couldn't understand i
did not even know that i was emotionally
capable
of experiencing what i did until my my
grandkids were born i told my two sons
i thought i loved you with my whole
heart
but apparently not
[Music]
because until your kids are born i
didn't know i had that extra
three quarters left over in there
and then my mom and dad got a chance to
come out and meet their first great
grandson his name was ben
is still ben and to see my dad holding
this little baby in his
arms the day after he was born same
family
vastly different worlds huh here's this
little baby who was just born
to affluent well educated parents
in a high-tech hospital and here's my
dad this little old man who was not born
into affluency
but born to to dirt poor immigrant
swedish farmers
in the rocky hills of pennsylvania and
not born in a high-tech hospital
but born out in the barn
and then they lay him in the manger
well there was no room and the shepherds
came
roy and vera shepherd from the farm down
the road
this is the story we heard
he may have exaggerated a bit in fact i
know you when i was a kid
hardly a week went by by what my dad
wouldn't say to me
when i was your age i used to get up at
four in the morning to walk 12 miles to
school
uphill both ways
through the snow barefoot
no no no naked many mornings i was naked
long lines of naked children go
school so cool you have no idea how cold
i heard that line a lot you have
no you have no idea if i said to him
ah twisted twisted that ankle there's
some pain my dad would say
you have no idea what pain is when i was
a kid
pain really hurt
walk it off that was his solution to any
melody walk it up
bloody nose well walk it on
diarrhea
thanks dad i think it's working i had
appendicitis my dad told me to walk it
off
now listen i cut him a little slacker
he's not a medical doctor that's the
problem he didn't know that i had a pen
i didn't know that i had it but i did
and when i woke up at 4 00 am in
recovery my dad
was three feet away going i'm so sorry
oh uh i'm so
if i'd known it was appendicitis i never
would have told you that i'm so sorry
i thought it was a gallstone or a
twisted bowel
well i'll tell you for 40 years folks no
lie i have gotten
so many laughs at my father's expense
but i want you to know if he were here
tonight he'd be sitting at well he'd be
sleeping
but i would tell these stories
and he would just be delighting in them
which
just tickles me just to know that
my dad gets it my dad
understands his boy's profession my dad
understands i'm just using him
to make money
[Music]
[Laughter]
hardly ever seen him angry not many of
you could say that about your dad
hardly ever seen well one time he was i
had a slinky how many of you did by the
way
slinky look at oh look at those here hey
yeah that has to be one of the greatest
marketing feats in american history
right there
think about this some marketing genius
convinced listen 300
million of us that we all had to have
our own personal spring
did this for hours because what else
could it do people
it did not go downstairs
i did not yours didn't either
no i didn't went down two steps and
threw itself down the rest you know
that's true
[Applause]
i had a giant slinky we're talking close
to two bucks
and apparently one day after playing
with i left it laying in the high grass
where the next day my dad hit it with
the power mower
and this did upset him though may not
have been so much anger
as it was just fear because that is a
terrifying sight to see that ever
lengthening strand of wire an inch and a
half above the ground rotating at 2200
rpm
i moved the whole backyard in three and
a half seconds that day
see my dad jumping back there
i got a call from my mom a few years
back she said your dad's had a terrible
accident
my dad old man now huh had climbed up in
an
apple tree 18 feet
it's about as high as you go on an apple
tree huh he's picking apples up there
and throwing them to my cousin who
should have been
in the tree throwing them to my cousin
and my cousin was catching the apples
and putting them in an apple basket and
my dad figured out if he could pick a
whole lot of apples
and throw them faster than my cousin
could catch them
and put them then he could repeatedly
hit
my cousins
and they got laughing well my dad was
grabbed a rotten limb snapped off
18 feet to the ground old paratrooper he
managed to land
on his side but shattered his pelvis
they have him in surgery for four or
five hours trying to screw him back
together my mom's trying to get a hold
of me for
four six eight hours i can't remember
why he finally does i said can i talk to
him she said yeah i think so
hey folks i want to tell you something i
am
a guy who has always
loved his mom and dad
i love my mom and dad and never a moment
in my life
have i questioned if my mom and dad love
me
i always knew how much they loved me
but having said that i would also tell
you this
my dad and i didn't say those three
words i love you
hardly ever and i've wondered why that
is because i
always said those words to my boys and
they to their kids and now i to my
grandkids
and now my dad and i we talk two three
times a week we face time
we never end a conversation without
saying i love you dad and he to me i
love you son
but all those years growing up we didn't
say those three words
i said mom can i talk to him she said
yeah i think so and then i heard him say
hi bob two syllables
and i heard the pain in his voice i said
dad i'm so sorry he said well thanks bob
i said i heard you're up pretty high
he said you have no idea
[Music]
i thought he's going to tell me about
how his skin was heating up as he came
through the atmosphere back down to
earth
i said dad i wish there was something i
could say to make you feel
better he said well thanks bob and i
realized
there was something to be said because
life
is short huh and i said those three
words so long overdue i said
dad walk it off
which got him laughing pretty hard by
the way
and apparently it really hurts to laugh
with a crotch full of screws
but hey story wouldn't have had to have
ended that way i might have said i love
you dad and had i said that i know he
would have said
well you have no idea
how much i love you which is one of the
reasons
i am a blessed man
thank you everybody god bless you great
you
you get to do a lot of cool shows though
when you do need you stand up I was
actually just down in San Diego doing
some shows down there and I went to the
Wildlife Park because I heard that they
have a program where you can hold a baby
koala bear yeah I was like oh my god
that's so cute I want to hold one so I
get down there and as soon as they get
up to the zookeeper she's about to hand
me the little baby and she stops she
says it is my job to inform you that
half the koala bear population is in
fact infected with chlamydia yes really
I said you know what that's cool half
the Bears I know have it too
yeah you get to do some really
interesting shows doing comedy this is a
true story I went to go do a show not
too long ago and it was with a bunch of
porn stars doing comedy for the first
time I get down there I get there and
the main girl on the show is this girl
named Sophie Dee and Sophie is the super
hardcore bondage like do anything kind
of a girl and I get there I go backstage
and Sophie is hysterically crying like
she it's hysterical oh my girl
What's Wrong are you okay turns out she
was so scared to do stand-up she was
having a meltdown I was like oh [ __ ]
porn sympathisers over here
so I can I know what you're gonna do
later tonight it's great it's probably
on his phone right now looking up Sophie
Dee uh what it just made no sense to me
I'm like seriously that's what you're
afraid of like six-way anal gangbang no
problem but stand-up comedy like that's
it
anyway she gets up she does her set and
you know what she's super funny like
she's amazingly funny but then her big
closer what she took off her shirt to
reveal the most perfect tits that I have
ever seen
and I had to follow that
so you know what my big closer was I
took off my pants to reveal that my
[ __ ] is still tight
[Music]
ah thanks how the heck are you alright
I'm gonna talk about my period thank you
I'm very vocal about my period right and
I talk about it when it's affecting me
thank you because it's a big part of my
life it's a big part of most women's
lives right right I work in a very
male-dominated bar I'm one of two female
bartenders there and a couple days ago I
went up to one of my male co-workers
let's just call him like Andrew Saunders
right he's on Instagram so I walk up to
Andrew Michael Saunders and this is what
I say I go oh my god Andrew I'm on my
period I'm having the worst cramps right
now do you have any ibuprofen to which
the real a Saunders 1989 responded you
know I think that if women get to just
talk openly about whatever is going on
down there for them that men should be
able to do the same I was like okay cool
quick question what
[Laughter]
how do you mean like what can you
possibly be referring to
I'm sorry Andrew did you have a wet
dream last night did you [ __ ] in your
sleep
like listen Andrew underscore Saunders
Twitter I'm happy happy to discuss the
HPV you've been plaguing the women of
Los Angeles he was like no I just think
that there's a trend in our culture
right now for women to be super graphic
about their periods for shock value and
I think it's a double standard I don't
think men can do the same and I'm just
like Andrea buddy I'm gonna level with
you right now if you came up to me and
you were like I have been bleeding out
of my dick for five days I would be like
do you need to talk about it
Thank You suzhou sander thank you like
this is such a weird thing in our
culture right a lot of men not all but a
lot of men either regard periods as
super gross or a sign of weakness like
how many times have we heard some
version of the sentence between two guys
hey what's wrong dude you got your
period oh right like let's just break
that down okay and what's wrong dude
you've been uncontrollably bleeding from
your genitals for a week straight [ __ ]
like when did we equate that to being
weak that [ __ ] is so metal dude that's
as raw as it gets
we're losing life source out of the most
sensitive part clearly not for me I'm
like [ __ ] punchy I don't know I've
been through a lot I'm sorry
my boyfriend's here like anyways we're
losing Life stores out of the most
sensitive part of our bodies and we
literally just shove cotton out there
and we're like the same time next month
[Music]
great can't wait to be severely
depressed for the two weeks leading up
to blood flow my lips are never normal
[Music]
you
[Music]
and I just have to say that I am so glad
that I'm not single anymore in dating
because when I was single all my friends
tried to set me up with people and one
time I got set up on a blind date with a
guy and I sat down across from it dinner
and right away I knew I didn't like him
you know that when you're right away I
was like oh god I got to spend the next
24 hours with this
[Laughter]
so we're sitting there just making small
talk and all of a sudden this woman
selling roses is in the restaurant
looking for the couple's you know she
like looks for Scouts off the couples
she comes up and she's like no would you
like to buy a rose for the beautiful
woman only $20 some roads for her look
at her right she needs a road and the
poor guy exactly awkward like that you
know sitting there not knowing what to
do he was like sure okay and I was like
no the Rose just spent $20 on me now I'm
gonna have to blow him so anyway there's
nothing to screen about this rose it's
huge everybody in the restaurant sees
you getting in it's like we're next it's
like this big thank you so much and then
you have to pretend you like it right
ladies you have to pretend it's precious
you're like
[Applause]
this is us thank you so much do this
this is wonderful okay I guess I'll just
I'll just hold it while we eat
great yeah
guys we went to the movies after I had
to carry it around all night like an
[ __ ] at the Grove
[Applause]
[Laughter]
standing in line I got my purse my
popcorn Diet Coke this role everyone's
looking at me at the end she got the
rose God shouldn't you be married by now
God poor thing she's gonna have to blow
him
[Music]
hey guys how's it going
so I just report a valley that's not
known for being very nice are you guys
familiar with some Beverly Hills okay I
don't live there a better place called
Van Nuys yeah I got some nasty nice okay
if you're not familiar with Van Nuys
it's like the free section of Craigslist
just for Missy makes it new
we've got [ __ ] everywhere
I invite you in my neighborhood if you
need to furnish your apartment okay on
the streets we got mattresses broken
tables broken dreams baby doll heads I
do own their I do own your van eyes I
want a home thanks both of you the rest
of you are here just okay you only make
me stronger yeah I own a lot of people
get impressed by that like oh you own
cool they don't get it though they can
be a lot of hard work and responsibility
like the hardest part for me about being
a homeowner is figuring out how to
consistently bring that up during
conversation
so that I can flex on these hoes you
know I gotta get so creative about it
sometimes it's like what's that your son
is sick okay you live at home so I can
relate sometimes I get homesick and I
don't say that to be a jerk it's just
that I'm originally from Indiana like
all my friends are married they have
kids like I wanna be married
okay if I had the choice between a
random husband and random condo she I
would definitely choose a brand-new
husband at picking up the property of
equal value I think if you're so married
by certain traditional single by certain
age they should just give you a condo
there should be a government program but
no man is cool though it's cool it's got
its own steam
it's a crime scene it's mine
[Music]
if y'all haven't been able to tell by my
appearance I am black yes yes I'm also
five months pregnant with my fourth
child yes it's real my uterus is an
airbnb absolutely I have to [ __ ]
lutely but you know I don't let
pregnancy stop me I still try to stay in
the gym be healthy and things of that
nature but I went to my doctor and he
told me that I will always struggle with
losing weight because I suffer from
something that a lot of black women
suffer from I have really really high
self-esteem yeah
so it's [ __ ] hard for me to see my
father [ __ ] Queen you know I stepped
on my scale and I looked at it it was
like 185 and I was like oh my god you
big beautiful [ __ ] you I'm not a black
woman we don't get diabetes we get the
sugar cuz we just brown sugar you know I
love it I do I do I remember being
younger and being like just don't get
cellulite angel and then lo and behold I
got cellulite all on my thighs and ass
and I saw it in the mirror and I was
like [ __ ] your leg got so much
character
it's like a topographic treasure map I
[Applause]
[Music]
love it um so I am married I've been
married for 12 years yes yes yes that's
how I had all four of those kids with
one man I know y'all were thinking this
poor black girl making bad decisions no
it's me and my husband he shot up the
club a couple of times in it and it
happened yeah so me and my husband we
have a tradition every anniversary we
surprise the other one with a trip
somewhere so for our ten-year
anniversary I surprised him with a trip
to Cuba because his grandmother on his
father's side is Cuban so I wanted him
to get a little piece of his
grandmother's culture and while we were
there we almost got arrested so we got a
little piece of my grandmother's culture
this beautiful it was beautiful
[Music]
oh yeah when I went on I went to go get
something to eat at RPF chains just to
make sure they made it the same way I
went the people change there was Pet
Adoption Day in front of PF Changs you
know and by the way Pet Adoption Day is
like the worst holiday on the calendar
like bet Adoption Day is all there's
nothing to celebrate you know I mean
these animals like on death row why are
we having such a good time this guy
didn't leave the house to adopt the dog
I'm going to PF chains I left the house
to eat a dog why they always put them
out there the last minutes like the
clearance rack ignore shows no all items
must go okay so I'm walking through a
dog smiled at me it's beautiful smiling
is though I had a full set of teeth oh
my god that is a beautiful dog and lady
comes up hey do you like dogs I was like
oh they can hear us
yeah I like dogs great and she picked up
a dog and she dropped a full-grown to a
German ship drop the fool girl in my
hands you give me a dog I don't know if
this dog by Cesar Ramos you don't just
hand the dog to me I don't know my gut
reaction hitter what uppercut
I didn't do it when I saw surveillance
cameras on Google that's how you got Ray
Rice you live to see another day so me
and this free dog are walking into PS
change I didn't want this dog she wanted
me to pay for the dog that's when I put
my foot down it's on my pan for this dog
if you don't pay for him we gonna put
him to sleep I know that's why I'm not
paying for I'm not paying for
almost dead dog what kind of business
transaction is this I wait for you to
leave them in I'll fish them out of the
trash I'm getting this doll for free
that's the way it's gonna work so me and
it's free dog walking in the PF chance I
got a table for four I wanted to prove a
point I sat him right there at the table
I'll make sure they served him drinks
this me and my dog ordered my lettuce
wraps then I opened them up there were
some mysterious meat in there that could
have been you we walk out of the
restaurant you're not gonna believe it a
black lives matter rally broke out right
there I don't even know it was a rally
that day I had no clue I was unprepared
I didn't get an email my own man I'm not
not ready for the rally me and my free
dog will walk through it a rally I
looked at him those I hate you bite me
buy him just rally back to the Green
Mile you go
so we're walking through and black lives
matter rally is always interested in
Utah by the way because there are never
any black people there swipe you on my
behalf I had no idea y'all took up the
car
protesting on behalf of people that will
never be here so nice move I walked in
it was like I was celebrity who's oh my
gosh it's that car Malone yesterday's
gone below and the mailman I started
signing autographs I'm like mailman 32
yeah I don't want to you know let these
native people down you're not I mean not
not everybody gets to meet their hero
holographs
I saw white dude do a backflip I'm like
oh my goodness what part of this
struggle is that he walked up black
lives matter bro hit me with two finger
guns black lives matter bro oh my you
almost hypothetically killed me dawg
that is the most offended I'm good all
day Carl Malone respect me you can watch
my entire comedy special for 99 cents or
you can get more comedy clips just click
one of the buttons subscribe just click
and faster you click the faster you can
get to what you want to get to but if
you don't click then I just I just sit
here awkwardly
my whole family is nuts.
I remember my aunt,
she used to make
embroidered inspirational pillows.
Yeah, one day she smothered
my uncle with one of 'em.
(audience laughing)
The last thing he
saw coming at him was,
"Today is the first day
"of the rest of your life."
(audience laughing)
She was mean, she used
to try to curse people.
She used to
try to give 'em the evil eye,
but unfortunately,
she had a lazy eye,
so she just kind of spread
it all over the room.
No one was really cursed,
everyone just had a
little trouble parking
(audience laughing)
and I have to apologize
because I didn't know
sometimes I say, 'Oh my God,'
and the first crowd
kind of didn't like it,
so I wanna apologize, I
don't mean any disrespect.
It just comes out
of my mouth very easily,
so if that happens,
just go, "Oh, she's nuts."
And on the way out,
if it offends you,
I'll be there,
you can punch me lightly.
(audience laughing)
One punch for every time I said that.
There, now that's out of the way
and I won't swear
anymore either . . .
(audience laughing)
I don't wanna be arrested.
(audience laughing)
This side of the room likes the jokes
a lot more
than this side of the room.
(audience laughing)
This side is like, "Arrest her!"
(audience laughing)
Oh my God,
but this is what you do—
(audience laughing)
Oh! And then I said it!
Wow!
They kept saying, "It comes
"right out of your mouth."
And I was like, no, it doesn't.
(audience laughing)
This is what you gotta do, folks:
You gotta get out, you gotta
enjoy life, you can't worry.
You certainly
can't worry about money.
I know you all look up here,
you see the bright lights
and my $2 Goodwill dress,
and you say, 
"Who is she to tell us
"not to worry about money
"when she looks like she's rich?"
(audience laughing)
And you guys would
be surprised; I'm not!
(audience laughing)
In fact, I am $90,000 in
debt and I don't have a care
in the world,
'cause that's what you do.
You head so far in debt,
then it's Visa's problem, not yours.
(audience laughing)
You know? Shame on
them for giving me
that credit in the first place.
(audience laughing)
I think someone should be fired
(audience laughing)
and I haven't paid my credit
card bills in over a year!
But they still
send me one every month
and you know why?
Because those
people believe in me.
(audience laughing)
That's right, they think
I'm gonna hit it big
and pay them back.
In fact, they care so much,
they even called me at home.
They did, they said, "Karen,"
"could you send us just
"a little each month?"
And I said, no,
(audience laughing)
but don't worry,
I've already forgiven myself.
(audience laughing)
I won't let this affect my self-esteem
this year's been good I tried 33 up and
I'm you're living my best life okay man
out here jumping man that [ __ ] feels
amazing oh my god you just holding his
heart in your hand like dog I finish it
up spelling your friends and Facebook
family members that I killed you cried
it feels great you take your power back
he was mad though I was know he was mad
cuz he sent me a text he said listen
brandy you keep playing with me and I
Malik yo nudes that's illegal and for
most people that would be devastating
for most people okay I never took a
picture I wonder what ready for the
world to see filters was on angles was
right ass with students there's no
[ __ ] to the moon James I don't give a
[ __ ] okay
mass email spam me okay spammy you gotta
have my dance papi you might help me get
another you faster let's go and why'd
you Edna sent it to your brother because
he was cuter anyway don't play with me
do not play with me I was mad though and
I'm gonna rinse clean so I tell my
girlfriend I say he keep playing with me
I wanna send these pictures to his kids
and show him why they daddy went at the
basketball games my girlfriend was like
Brandi you can't do that and I was like
yes I can't I got that number number
right here she was like no you can't do
that cuz that's considered child
pornography
and I was like you know I hate you a
smart [ __ ] but I don't even think about
that I was just like we're bein German
Germans and then I thought about it and
I was like okay I'm Chicago call me or
Kelly Denise let's go okay
[Music]
kids after six months for that let's go
it's been great though
winning a little vacation traveling
alone went to Italy by myself had to
prove to myself the Julia Roberts wasn't
the only one who can eat Pray Love on
okay went to Italy push you can't go on
trips just like you can go on trips by
yourself but you hate trying to plan the
trip with your girlfriends and they
don't ever had any money together [ __ ]
we've been saving for this for two years
you ain't $50 a month aside like that so
I text off my girlfriend's like listen
um I'm in Italy my girlfriend's text me
back like don't get taken I was like oh
my god I am 5 210 pounds I could take me
why did he say a child was not me that's
our thinking about I was like I'm a
black woman II are not taking this okay
the resale value is not that high but
like really I'm single so she me don't
get taken let you mean a fine man man
named Luigi gonna pull up to the airport
and kind of like Escalade talking about
let me show you the world first of all
this one like a great first date [ __ ]
I'm going okay where we go on Luigi my
gun but he take me back to his lair to
his basement I'm a jealous kidnapped
girlfriend okay I'm down there with all
the other kidnappers like listen I don't
know how long I'll be here or how long
you think you stand but you got to go
okay your family's looking for your
chance to cut a roll bet you need to
start shooting on that okay what a
shovel then let me help y'all get out of
here
and nobody he'll need nobody for me I'm
the only one you need but give me this
phone you got to get us call I get on
the home call my girlfriend like girl
what's going on she went oh my god girl
you okay we heard you been kidnapped oh
I've been kidnapped my girl I am down
here we are too in love like he is real
protective like aunt let me on the
window till I roll I can't wonder buddy
to see me like my diet is grain do you
feed me one time a day okay I'm out here
looking think I'm here nice piece of
jewelry it's on my ankle like I'm the
tire to a hashtag lockdown okay crazy
sex be rough I whatever like
like it I'll be loving it up like oh no
no Luigi Luigi yes so easy like it's
quiet you not got all these posters on
Facebook talking about I'm missing can
you please show you my facebook status
to tuck thank you
[Music]
I do want to thank you.
Nobody has their cell phones out.
We're used to seeing
just tops of heads
and illuminated foreheads
when we look down,
this is very nice.
I do, I think we're addicted
to technology, you guys.
We are so addicted. I really worry.
Within our lifetimes,
we're gonna have to go
to like an ATM doctor.
We won't see a doctor person anymore.
We'll just go to the machine 
for diagnosis.
You swipe your insurance card.
You swipe your debit card.
You stick your finger in 
for pulse readings.
"Welcome to the automated doctor.
"Please enter the symptoms
"that you believe you have."
(audience laughing)
Alrighty, um . . .
Let's see, I've got blurred vision,
can't see out of my right eye
and I got fainting spells.
"Thank you.
"The automated doctor has
"looked at your symptoms
"and determined that you either
"have glaucoma or diabetes.
(audience laughing)
"Please, press one if you believe 
"you have glaucoma.
(audience laughing)
"Please press two if you believe 
"you have diabetes."
(audience laughing)
Oh, oh, it's me now? Okay.
I don't know.
I'm not real good with decisions, so—
(audience laughing)
"Are you still there?
"Please press one for glaucoma.
"Please press two for diabetes."
Yeah, I was about to do it.
I'm just trying to figure it out.
"You have chosen diabetes.
"You do not have the funds
"for diabetes.
(audience laughing)
"Please press one if you now
"believe you have glaucoma."
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
I mean, I kinda liked that one
better in the first place.
"You have chosen glaucoma.
"You do not have the funds 
"for glaucoma.
"Thank you for using
"the automated doctor.
"You've been assessed
"a $50 copay. Goodbye."
(audience cheering)
I have family out there my brother lives
to our south my dad's to our south and
San Diego my mom just moved out there so
that's nice
my brothers settled down he got married
that was cool it was a great wedding
went down there for the wedding that was
real nice I've been to some crazy
weddings I had a friend got married she
married a professional hockey player
they spent so much money on this wedding
they gave us live butterflies and
cardboard boxes that we held on to
during the ceremony when the couple came
out of the church were supposed to let
the butterflies go because it's supposed
to be all like you know like whoo stupid
is what it was the Catholic service is a
long service was hot couple came out of
the church were like hey congratulations
release the butterflies uh hey get up
[Music]
you're on like I think you guys heard
the butterflies hope you're happy in
your brand-new lives
murderers they were smart and they
thought about they would have given us
caterpillars and by the time the
ceremony was over
fresh new butterflies I had a friend in
my 20s it got married he got cold feet
he tried to run out of the back door of
the church was a little crazy was like a
movie we stopped him he's fine he's
happily married now we saw it coming
though because he he felt like he kind
of got coerced into getting married was
like an erosion of his willpower over
time like a slow wearing down over the
years liquor like a grinding away like
that old Tootsie Pop commercial like how
many licks does it take to get to the
center of my delicious Tootsie Pop so I
don't know maybe we should move in
together a Wan hey let's watch Dancing
with the Stars a tomb
I think he's spent too much time with
your friends a three I'm pregnant
three legs mr. al been some great
weddings my my cousin got married on the
beach in Florida the hell is nice fun
this is like ten years ago was one of
the best weddings everyone to its very
lavish shirt right there steps you were
in our meal chicken well this is a
little Karlin table says tonight's on
tray free-range chicken ten years ago I
didn't know what that was
that's the waitress it's like what does
that mean free-range chicken she's
really into she's like IO AC Mo's
chicken they grow up squished up in a
cage the whole life
this chicken grew up free on the range
so everyone enjoy
I was like all right let me see if I can
taste the difference here to me you know
you're right this chicken tastes like it
used to be happy and what's the
difference this will taste depressed I'm
sending it back I don't need a chicken I
can't eat just a chicken if you're like
a vegan or something you know I'm just
joking
don't get upset some people take that
very seriously just a joke I understand
the logic behind the free-range chickens
I've seen the documentaries just kidding
around
I say that because I did that joke I was
in Hartford Connecticut and I did that
joke and after the show because of that
joke this vegan guy wanted to beat me up
yeah but because he's a vegan he
couldn't
[Applause]
[Music]
you lack the essential vitamins and
proteins necessary
to throw a decent punch plus you see it
coming because the skins translucent
just watch the muscles contracting
uppercut blood you Telegraph that but
again
celery stick go get it subscribe to
drive our comedy for even more of the
world's largest collection of clean
comedy
hey I it's hard to listen to comedy
right now isn't it with all these
environmental disasters going on can you
believe we're running out of diamonds so
sad how do you even make a diamond the
only way I know how to make a diamond is
to jerk off an old man where's your
dates ladies it's ladies night it we
can't put women on a show
without saying it's ladies night what's
see it sucks girls have to get jobs now
right like we used to just like the
women's movement ruined a permanent
vacation for everybody it used to be our
dad would just give some guys some cows
and some land and we could just relax if
we wanted something from our husbands
all we had to do is like twist our
dimples and talk like a three-year-old
please miss the sweet buy me a doing and
then if you didn't get what you wanted
get you what you wanted you just faint
like they were couches made just for
fainting
the most work you'd have to do is get up
out of your king-size bed walk over to
the couch and pass out
would like to mention I have a cerebral
palsy I like to get that out of the way
early in the show I do talk about it a
little bit you know there's a few
reasons I talk about number one is I've
come to find if I don't mention it after
a little while the audience is like does
he know
[Laughter]
well he has that another big reason is
everything I talk about comes from the
perspective of a disabled person right I
mean this is all that I've ever known
I guess I'll admit that early in my
career I try to do my show from a
southern belle point of view
I could never get that to play quite
right
dude I haven't been right since mr. Earl
left because they're fun crowd man
well I could definitely say there's a
few people still looking at me like
what's after this a juggler come
on
yeah Fernando and you're gonna love them
yeah he can juggle other midgets so if
you are one just be ready
the bar might now be is dry after this
why are you looking at me that guy does
not look dry at all I'm tell you clean
comedy you should take a shower first
thank you I do I took two showers today
I just look dirty I don't know
[Laughter]
hey folks did you know that Drybar has
their own app download it right now to
watch my whole special
I did I took a flight in yesterday I got
in late last night I flew in from
Williston North Dakota oh wow yeah
smallest airport I've ever been to
you can back me up on that the smallest
I've ever I mean this thing was so small
TSA was self-checkout I put my bag up
and I ran it through and I set it back
[Laughter]
well I want to do a good job I got
employee of the month precious people
just sweet people and I'm telling you a
very relaxed atmosphere do you know what
I mean I flew in and we got off the
plane a little tiny plane I get off I
walked down the little cap blocks that
they slid up there for me to get off
phone just let us off right in the yard
the pilot got off behind me to take a
smoke break so I go inside and I have to
do the show and then I came and I fly
back out this is when I find out really
how small it is because on this flight
I'm leaving it's even smaller playing a
little 10 seater and y'all I had a guess
honey I know that's what I said and I'm
not fearful but it did increase my
prayer life y'all I got on there and had
the sweetest little baby flight
attendant she was precious probably own
little work permit
[Laughter]
well I don't know how well she was but I
know she wasn't alive during the Reagan
years and I'm gonna need them to be
older
cuz I'm older right I mean I don't have
anything against little Becky okay but
listen I don't want my flight attendant
have a cute little ponytail I'm gonna
need her to have some crow's feet like
if there's anything that's happened on
this plane if we find anything on this
plane I need to know that Gertrude
and Bruce Willis know which wire to cut
but that's not what have on this flight
and I'm used to Atlanta y'all like
flight of Atlanta every week you know
those flight attendants there they have
on a hose and the heels and dress blues
they make you feel safe like the Marines
[Laughter]
but that's not what back you had home
I'm telling you this is a relaxed
airport had me concerned little Becky
had on a red t-shirt and a pair of
khakis like Becky works part-time at
targets
just thought she'd whip in and pick up a
shift no Becky's going up and down the
little aisle here and I can't tell what
she's saying but I noticed that people
are starting to get a little annoyed
with her until she gets to my seat and
now I know why
Becky asks me ma'am I need you to verify
your seat number your name and your
weight I think are you trying to get
people killed she said of course not why
would you say that why would you say
that to me
I said well baby you just asked nine
women ahead of me and they lied and I'm
about to
[Laughter]
[Music]
hey did you know that drop our comedy
has their own app download it right now
to watch saved share clips and watch
models special
so i love i love being a homeschool mom
i do
i finally graduated them i have two boys
um
which are precious and they're awesome
two boys my youngest is
18 and my oldest is unemployed well i
graduated both out of home school and
then my oldest went away to the uh dream
center
school of ministry went away to bible
school finished that program
yeah now he's back home living on my
couch because they told him there that
jesus paid it all
[Music]
that's what happens when you read that
bible app
but i love his dad's so patient with him
y'all and thank goodness you know one of
you
in the in in the parenting
relationship's got to have a little bit
more patience than the other and that's
my precious husband
and it's kind of patient with me too
uh so we've been married for 22 years
when we first got married we weren't
real compatible yes honey that's a
thank you 22 years yeah that's a long
time not to smother somebody
yeah thank you
and so yeah we weren't real compatible
at first
um well he's the kind of guy that likes
sports
and i'm the kind of girl that likes naps
um
what else he was catholic
and i don't even drink
sometimes that one just moves across the
room
we're waiting on you sir
[Music]
but but we finally you know i took him
to my church and mine was
way different than his okay okay if you
know anything about
catholicism it was just way different i
went to a non-denominational
free spirit-filled worship church
[Music]
tiny bit different than catholic and uh
he embarrassed the mess out of me y'all
when
when we first got there he kept staring
at this woman on my row
the whole time and i was like would you
quit staring
and he said i can't help it i think she
has a question
i said baby that's for jesus
he said well if he calls on her i'm out
of here
[Applause]
oh man we went to our pastor and said
hey you know we were recently married
this was
when we first got married i said how do
we become one i hear
all these older married people talking
about becoming one how do you become one
and he said well that's easy you serve
together so we started serving in youth
ministry together before we realized we
didn't like other people's kids
you think it i say it that's how we play
this game
and so we get in this in youth ministry
together we had this little 18 year old
couple who got engaged
on purpose and i yeah i took that little
girl aside and i told her i said honey
you don't know what you're doing and she
said miss lisa i don't know what i'd do
without him
you can't think of nothing
i don't think you're applying yourself
michaela
she said miss lisa he's my he's my soul
mate
like he knows what i'm thinking
sometimes he'll even finish my sentence
before i do
like baby that is a control freak
you better put a stop there right now
but she was just done with me y'all she
said miss lisa bottom line when he walks
in a room
i know he's the one he takes my breath
away
baby that is asthma
if you get an inhaler it'll fix that
[Applause]
baby that ain't love that's mucus
[Laughter]
well you can't tell them nothing can you
young people just gonna do what they
gonna do
and i'm not trying to pick on them
because i know it's it's a journey my
husband and i had to try and figure out
our love language when we first got
married
you ever tried to do that i found out
mine 20 years ago was
acts of service and quality time and it
changes so people it changes
like today mine's very different it's
carbs and air conditioning
i tell young guys you know hey listen
you got some learning to do and these
older guys if she's over 40 let me help
you here
you can ditch the flowers
you get that girl some freon and a
biscuit
[Applause]
[Music]
be the best valentines of your life
but i get it i know it's hard i'm not
trying to pick on young people i
remember being young don't y'all
remember
i remember being young and in love you
know at that age you don't even know if
morning breath is going to be a deal
breaker
you know that's why i slept with a pack
of chewing gum
under my pillow the first six months i
was married
i don't know why i say a slip i didn't
sleep i slept the next day on my lunch
hour because i didn't want him to know i
snore
i just lay there every night all posed
[Laughter]
up
[Laughter]
trying to act like my breathing was
always soft like kittens purring
and ladies you can't hold that okay like
i get
sleepy and i'd doze off and then i'd
start snoring
and then i'd suck that gum right the
back of my throat
and then i jump up because i think i'm
dying
then he jumps up and i have to convince
him we're being robbed
he said that made sense he heard a
[Applause]
chainsaw
guys
[Music]
the holidays are coming up about my
favorite know why eating I eat my body
weight and gravy and frosting enjoy all
the things I love every holiday almost
like let's do it I'll figure it out in
February I would rather have a glass of
urine don't work out rather urine with
[ __ ] hairs in it then we're okay
exercise I can't stand all over the land
of the people who [ __ ] work out and
[ __ ] hikers you [ __ ] you know
often I like Runyon and saw it let me
get to the top and I will fake my own
death so I could be like an escort it
down on a goddamn stretcher like a
normal person I've done a lot of things
unhealthy though lose weight like I know
now how to lose weight the proper way
like who here has done the juice cleanse
come on veggie cleansing but you have to
have equipment right I had to buy a
juicer and what a juicer on Jack LaLanne
calm real sight real product my first
juice ever I choose kale oh my god with
cucumber and spinach and celery and I
would rather have diabetes it's the
nastiest [ __ ] in history of all things
liquid and my skinny friend told me to
put beets in there they're like a
massacre in the bathroom
why is it this color what this luck is
happening the inside of my soul and they
same friendly do you feel like you're
getting lighter on the game but
apparently my ass is bleeding is
happening to the inside of my soul why
did that color how about obesity in
clear urine how about that
[Music]
I hate the expression it is what it is
you know you're having a bad day like I
got a flat tire my boyfriend broke up
with me and your friends like well it is
what it is I'm like no it isn't it isn't
what it is it just is right you
shouldn't have to repeat it is what it
is you should just be able to say it is
unless maybe you say it is and someone
goes what
then you can repeat is
[Applause]
the same friend got attached here
recently she is so proud of it she's
like Eric I just got a new tattoo of a
hummingbird do you know what
hummingbirds represent and I was like no
but bet you're gonna tell me she's like
they represent change I was like
interesting you know it doesn't usually
represent change tattoos not a big
symbol of change I do feel like getting
a tattoo is a little like having kids
cuz it seems really cool and other
people get them but then you get one and
you're like shoot I have this forever
now it's not gonna be cute in ten years
I definitely thought I'd be married by
now is like in my 30s of course I'll be
married I'll have kids I'll do all the
things right but now I'm starting to
look at the bright side I feel like if
you're in your 30s and you're not
married and you don't have kids it's a
little like breaking even in a casino
like you didn't win but you didn't not
win right you didn't totally mess up
your life but you also don't really have
one
my sister has two very cute kids she has
a five year old and a three year old and
the five world her name is Annabelle and
recently my sister's I just want you to
get married
well Annabelle would still make a cute
flower girl and I was like I just want
to get married before Annabelle gets
married
that's my goal I went to a dermatologist
recently and he he was like trying to
sell me Botox he was like go like this
and I want like dose and he's like yep
you got those lines and he's like smile
and I was like and he's like yep you got
those lines I think what if I just don't
make those faces you know just like
stand really still and then he's a how
old are you and I was like I'm 30 and
and he's like do you have a boyfriend I
was like no not right now
and he's like well have you thought
about freezing your eggs and I was like
first you want me to freeze my face now
you want me to freeze my eggs I was like
the only thing I wish I froze was my
self-esteem from before this appointment
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app download it now to watch my
whole special
sometimes you don't you don't always
know how you look to the outside world
until somebody tells you you know and
usually it's it's not very nice I was
out getting some cereal at my local
grocery store some oohs by Quaker and
went right in there got it I was looking
like a normal gal walked to the checkout
and the checkout guy checking me out in
silence and then he just looks at me and
he goes you play ball hayloft in silence
that's like saying to a complete
stranger let alone a woman you're big
you use that recreationally because you
should you're a huge woman you should
play sports you have very large hands
I'm not gonna give you a bag get out of
here just like they do in sports just
I've always been a little bit of a late
learner it comes with the territory
I'm originally from South Carolina that
desert yeah thank you
deserves a mild response Wow the grin of
South Carolina was 49th in education
yeah we might have upgraded the 50th by
now check the stats mostly because I
don't know how understand like for
example I found out very late in life
like very late that Alaska and Hawaii
were not next to each other down here
were they appeared to be at the bottom
of the map yeah yeah nobody clarified
that the map ran out of space and
someone just slapped him down there I
thought that's where they lived I went
my merry little way just dumped as a
clam until seven years ago I was hired
by Alaska Airlines yeah I was told I was
gonna be stationed in Anchorage Alaska
and I was so excited because I've always
wanted to go to Hawaii
yeah like what island do you think will
be close to turns out none of them
spoiler alert very any other Carolinians
in the room I called my mom and I was
like mom I got a job and apparently our
maps are no good because Alaska and
Hawaii are not off the coast to
California yeah she was like did I drop
you bless your heart
so y'all know that's another thing y'all
need to know about the south if anybody
from the south ever says you Bush your
heart they're not being nice to you oh
they feel sorry for you but they're
being nice about it okay yeah we're
people from my hometown first heard that
I moved out to California and I got
involved in things like yoga they were
like oh my word she done gone to the
dark side
that girl is probably stretching her
legs all over the place
bless her heart
well woman told me she put me on a
prayer chain let me tell you something
in prayer but that is the last place you
wanna be is on a southern woman's prayer
chain all that means is out to everybody
your business amen
[Applause]
hey did you know that drive our comedy
has their own app Bo you can download it
right now and watch my whole special
my wife's my school man we um we do
argue sometimes but I think that's just
normal
right I mean men and women living in one
house and we're like so different that's
just what's gonna happen and I don't
think either of us mean to get on each
other's nerves I think it's just
something that happens you know like my
wife likes to do this thing where she
wakes up an hour before me she drinks a
bunch of coffee and then she starts to
yelling at me is if I have also been up
drinking coffee but I haven't like my
eyes are closed I'm in bed which I feel
like you saw like the international
symbol for hey leave me alone I'm
sleeping I'm just saying like rarely do
you see someone with their eyes closed
in a bed and go like what's that guy
doing fishing no he's sleeping always
yeah but she loved to get up early you
know and she always did the same thing
to me you know she believed me they
chained me like oh my oh my goodness
what's happening what's going on it's
like then she's always did the same
thing so he's gonna listen you know we
should do today which by the way no
woman has ever said do you know what we
should do today followed by something
awesome
it's it's kind of always something only
they would like to do it's never it's
never awesome you know it's no it's
never like you know we should do today
what I thought I'd massage you and you'd
watch basketball oh my goodness I'm
awake I did not expect that I would have
actually gotten up last night if I
thought that was gonna happen
I would have gotten up an hour before I
went to sleep I thought there is a
chance of a massage with some basketball
but you guys know you know that that's
not what happens it's not what happened
instead she goes you know we should do
today and I go once because I want us to
go to the craft store
which did you hear that in the room that
tension like all I said was craft store
and you could hear a lot of different
emotions like a guy right back there was
just like oh did you hear that like he'd
been punched in the stomach he was like
no ha and although some of the women I
can hear you getting like excited like
inside you're like oh my goodness I
actually need I need googly eyes that is
so where'd he said that IV googly eyes
we're fresh out of googly eyes we have
like one left which makes no sense they
should sell me the numbers
are there crafty people here my wife is
like super crafty and it's cool that she
has a hobby and if there's any like
young people and I'm losing you on this
I'll just tell you real quick basically
crafting just to explain it to you it's
basically like so you could buy
something at a store right
but for a little bit more money
you could make a crappier version
with no yelp reviews
with no way to return it without hurting
someone's feelings
Oh my wife was because she was good at
it she was like really really crafty but
it was just like for me like where I'm
coming from is it was just it was new as
a stressful for me because I would have
trouble I'm not the smartest guy I would
have trouble figuring out like in our
house what was valuable and what was
trash like he was almost impossible to
figure it out I upset my wife this one
time like she got so upset you guys
that's the that's the last thing I want
is my wife to be upset and she got upset
and you know what I did all I did was I
threw away an empty sauce jar that's all
I did
right and my wife wakes up she goes
where did the sauce jar go it was on the
counter hey guys I threw it away and she
goes why would you throw it away and I
go I it was it was honest awesome
it's some kind of trick question or
something
there was no sauce in it you know so I
threw it away because I remember when we
had bought it we're like we need sauce
I thought that's why we've been we've
been keeping it around for the sauce
that was in it you know that's what it
says on the outside of the bottle I
would want someone to open it like
somebody took it so that's that's kind
of why I threw it away
and she goes well I was gonna make a
craft with that I go where there's no
way you know I would have known that you
know cuz I still only have just the five
senses still
still still being a human you know
and would you believe in this and I
don't want to upset her but would you
believe 24 hours later I did almost the
exact same thing I threw away you know
the things the eggs come in what are
they called a cup the egg carton which
by the way do you feel that silence I
just want to say guys if you see an egg
carton you just leave it Aleve it right
where it is you don't touch it the egg
carton is like the bit point of
Pinterest
they fluctuate in value you know that
it's only a finite amount on earth just
don't touch it nobody told me that you
know I just woke up and I saw an egg
carton and it was empty and I don't like
clutter and so the recycle truck was
trying to come by and I was like oh my
goodness a guy loves these instead of
ran out there
he's got a whole truck full of it so I
went out there loves it went through it
in the truck and I come back inside and
my wife is staying there and she's like
where'd the egg carton go that was on
the counter I could no no you're kidding
me no he didn't know I it's just like
what my god I thought I couldn't even
tell her and I didn't want to tell her I
threw it in the guy's truck I go if she
finds out about that guy she'll start
dating him kind of compete with that
he's gonna hold trot bullet craft items
all the egg cartons you could want he
probably has some facility
I'm telling her about that I can't come
can't compete with that
I go honey I'm really sorry and she goes
why would you throw it away I advise you
know it's out of eggs mainly you know
that was probably the number one reason
you know cuz I woke up and I was like
you know you can't you know cook that
for breakfast everybody will die so I
threw it away and so I'm just nervous
all the time in my own home like it's
been eight years since I threw some away
yeah like if you came to my house and
you're like dude where's your garbage I
don't know
I don't know where it is and if you find
it don't even tell me cuz I don't want
to get in trouble anymore
seriously when I'm done with something I
just pile it up on her side of the bed
like a gentleman you know let her soar
through when she has time you know she
walks in like what are all these dirty
diapers doing here I'm like I don't know
maybe you're making some sort of poop
quilt how am I supposed to know what is
valuable and what is trash I don't know
I don't know anymore how is happening
just being safe
[Music]
but I guess my whole point you guys it's
just it's just sometimes we don't want
like I don't I just don't want to go to
the craft store
you just don't want to go but you don't
you oftentimes don't get a choice even
if you try to get out like I tried to
get out of it every single time she was
well honey I'd like you to go to the
craft store with me I call I don't I
don't wanna I go what is there any way I
could not go and she goes no you know
I'd really like you to go I go uh what
do you imagine my role would be at the
craft sorry what exactly are you
expecting from this guy right here yeah
and she was well I want your opinion you
know sometimes I find two things alike
I'm not sure which one to get I want to
know what you think you know I go okay
uh I don't care
yeah about any of it you know so that's
how I feel about all that stuff so maybe
you should go by yourself you know if
you find two things you like you could
hold them up and imagine me going honker
and then I can just stay here you know
and then that way both of us would be
happy instead of just those of us that
are you again and then I don't even
remember the argument ending and all of
a sudden I was just I was just pushing
the cart
and it smelled like pine cones I'm like
you gotta be kidding me I feel like this
happens to guys more than women I could
be wrong but I get in like these bad
moods in my friend where ever one I see
I just wanna I'm not gonna do it but I
want to punch him just like everybody
for no good reason I saw this guy and
all it was he had a brass rooster in his
cart and it just infuriated me the whole
thing and maybe I wanted to punch him
punch the rooster like why see buying it
just made me so mad for so on so many
levels like first of all why are they
selling them second of all why are you
buying them now you're you're
encouraging them
and I go woody what are you making a
metal farm like what's happening why
would you why would you need that and
I'm just in a bad mood and I'm pushing
my car and I'm not paying attention then
we're on the corner hit carts against
this guy because I wasn't paying
attention he wasn't paying attention I
look up and it was this really old guy
right like a much older man I could tell
when I was little I want to punch ever I
could tell in his head he was like help
like oh dude I feel so bad I saw it I
saw the look in his eye I don't even
know what to do I just saluted him I
said thank you for your service because
I just is that what you say I don't even
know I just think in this guy just
probably going to crafts stores for 60
or 70 years every single week then I
started thinking this guy was probably
around before they even had craft stores
he probably hadn't go out in the forest
to get pinecones
this poor guy he's fighting bears so
somebody can make a bird feeder nobody
wants the guy is my hero you know and so
finally I can't find my wife anywhere
and finally I see her and I walk over
and I'm like honey how do you know how
do we how we get out of here like what
has to happen for us to get out of here
because I'm losing it and she goes oh
I'm so glad you're here and I go what's
going on she goes I need your help
I got winning my help with and she goes
which one of these should we get and he
for a million dollars for 1 million
dollars in cash I could not tell you
what she was holding like I'm not trying
to be a jerk I just don't even know what
is like a ball but not balls that you
know like sport buzzes like decorative
balls
he's like which one of these is better
and I'm like I don't know how to I don't
know how to play I don't know what's
happening why would one be better you
know I hate I hate all of them and
everything in here everybody especially
the ball I hate everything but you gotta
help you guys try to help your watch
they go oh honey what do you get what
are you gonna do with them and just well
oh you know that shelf right beside the
television with nothing on it now I go
uh I don't I don't think you're lying to
me I dunno I'm sure there's a shop I've
just never you know why would you look
away from the television that seems
stupid
do you like how many channels does the
shelf have probably not probably
and then I go to maybe we don't even
need to do it since I'm just now even
finding out about the shelf never even
glanced over there but I wanted to be
happy so I go what do you what are you
thinking what you're thinking of doing
she as well I want to get a bowl okay
then I take the balls and put them in
the bowl and then put them on the shelf
so people can come over and be like
there's that
I'm paraphrasing a little bit to quicken
the story um she said more words but I
remember what they were there was
something of that nature I'm just trying
to short enough for you got an out so I
look into the cart and there's all these
balls right there's like so many there's
so many balls and but there's not one
ball and so I start thinking I got it
figure it out I know how to how to get
home we just got to find the the bowl
and so I go honey I want to help you
let's find the ball is that am i right
we just find a bowl and we get to go
home cuz I'd like to help you find the
bowl and I would also like to go home
and she goes well no you know they don't
have the exact bowl that I want here I
just I already checked the bowl section
so we just got a real quick swing by at
the craft store on the way home
that's what we gotta swing by the other
craft store you guys I was already mad
at this point I just blacked out I don't
even remember what happened but I guess
I just started yelling at the store
itself I was like come on Michael get it
together
what's going on Michael I was waving a
glue gun around where's Michael I want
to talk to Michael right now where is he
I want to speak with Michael sir there
is no Michael that's what I thought I
didn't think he would do that to his own
people maybe Michelle would but not
Michael and I don't want you guys to
think I'm like an angry guy or a bad guy
it's just I you know I'm already mad now
I find out I got to go across town I got
to see freakin Joanne because Michael
doesn't have his stuff together UK me
right now
hey did you know Drybar comedy has their
very own app you can check it out men
download it right now it'll take two
seconds you can watch save and share
clips and you can watch my entire
special right there on the app
here's my advice I think if you ever
have a choice for ladies you should
marry an old guy yeah because all guys
can do stuff I don't want to hurt
anybody's feelings here but young guys
what skills are you bringing to the
table tip it even have a socket set when
we got married I was like we're going to
die
there's always an accident where you can
save your life with a socket set
especially you know metric and I know
metric because in school they said you
gotta learn metric this is the way the
country is gone so I studied and I
studied and and they could ever just
give you a straight answer they said
okay kids you want to know what a you
want to know what a meter is well you
want a football field looks like don't
you take that divided by 100 then go a
little bit more
oh and you know that the kilogram is
very easy then that's 2.2 pounds but
they could just say it the teachers were
like think of a small cat ah that's
right and left brain I was in the
ungifted and untalented program but I
remember this small cat and hide my mom
and I would watch these Sunday night
we'll be together there'd always be like
a drug dealer on these risky Sunday
night movies and the drug dealer would
always say that guy's gonna need a kilo
of coke and I turn to my mother as a
mother that is like a small can of
cocaine we're learning it in school
my uncle's birthday coming up and I went
to CVS this morning to buy him a
birthday card I quickly discovered
there's no uncle section so I had to buy
a happy birthday dad card and just
replace the word dad with Uncle I want
to share with you guys what that sounds
like uncle on your birthday
any man can be a father but it takes
someone special to be called my uncle
you didn't tell me how to live you lived
and let me watch you do it the greatest
gift I've ever received as my friend and
I call him uncle your guiding hand on my
shoulder will remain with me in all caps
forever I love you uncle this one's my
favorite strap in dear uncle thank you
for tucking me in
just changing one word you guys picking
me up and showing me how thank you for
teaching me to do things on my own and
believing in me when I try
thank you for hugging me and loving me
and doing special things to make me
happy
hope your birthday feels as wonderful as
you make me feel every day it's time to
celebrate you uncle so I think we've all
discovered why there's no personalized
uncle cards out there right it's creepy
as [ __ ]
I just bought a blank card I'm gonna
have to give this to him it says happy
50th uncle Rick thanks for being my
dad's brother not touching me
and they're like no we're going mormon
i i'm lutheran so
yeah oh yeah we're luth i have a lot of
bad habits i have a lot of vices
uh mainly ludafisk and
pickled herring um
i'm real sorry about that don't come by
me
uh another another bad
lutheran advice is the worst
watered-down
weakest coffee you ever had in your life
and that's why there are so many mormons
that they've tried
the basement lutheran coffee
and they're like no we're going mormon
okay see
know your audience um
wow i have two degrees
in clarinet so yeah
thank you yeah
that's why i do comedy
like clarinet never comes in handy for
anything unless
maybe you're driving and then you hit a
deer
and you don't have a crowbar in your
trunk to put it out of its misery
wow last time i hit a deer i had my
clarinet with me
and i only got through like two songs
and he was out
well yeah that's that's how good i am
my first job was actually beginning band
teacher that's what i did
[Applause]
no that is the job from h-e-double
hockey sticks
oh i mean it too i think like somebody
went down the hill and scooped up
some of the molten material and brought
it back and
cooled it off and said behold flutes and
recorders
yeah do you remember the recorder in
school
oh that little plastic whistle you
think it's plastic it's genuine hellfire
brimstone
yeah yeah and every time you play
the recorder it calls the devil
yeah yeah and yeah and then the devil is
like oh crap i gotta go up there and
hear hot cross
buns again
[Applause]
if there ever anything to make all the
dark forces in the world repent
it'd be 30 elementary kids playing hot
cross bond
on recorder for three months
you know and when you're a teacher first
year teacher
you have such high hopes you're like
yeah kids
for the holiday program this year we're
gonna play something from beethoven's
ninth
by the third year you're like okay you
little turds
i'm pretty sure this year we're just
gonna play jingle bells
and we're gonna go ahead and play it
again for the spring concert
it's awful
[Applause]
we got some teachers maybe huh do
are there some teachers in the crowd oh
yeah oh my gosh what get out now
get off i'm just joking um what what do
you teach
dancing yoga dance and yoga oh wait
wait a second dance
dance and yoga in the school are like
you have your
your own studio in the school
what is money growing on trees in utah
how do you get dance and yoga in the
schools
how how is that possible i mean
wisconsin we had at least a quarter
on uh polka but that's understandable
i mean polka like you get i mean you get
out your rage
doing like you can't you can't get in
trouble doing this
the whole time uh yeah i did i tried
yoga once because uh
uh no you remind me to get back on track
later but
uh i i've been spending a lot of time in
l.a
because i was sick of people
appreciating me for what's on the inside
and
[Music]
different one time a gal came up to me
after i showed her and she's like what's
with your hair are you wearing any
product
i was like boy i'm pretty sure i'm in
the middle of a drug deal right now
i didn't know what to do i didn't know
what product was so
um but but the la people are always
giving me this zen advice right they're
always like oh you gotta live in the now
mary mac live in the now and i'm like
what the now what
am i a superhero then now it's like
[Music]
you don't even know when the now is to a
little bit after the now
sometimes several days go by before i
realize it's now
[Applause]
but have you tried dabbling in the know
i've tried it that's where i
yoga came in and i learned this great
move in yoga tell me if you teach it in
your class
what you do put your hands on the ground
like this
right boy the cameraman didn't know this
stunt was coming
put your hands i don't know if you can
keep up with this one
uh put your hands on the ground like
that and stick this
foot up in the air and what happens is
all your negative energy sort of just
shoots out
your your
it does it shoots out your big toe
and um it it like
makes a rainbow
it makes a negativity rainbow
and it lands on a baby in an
airplane
but then at the end of the class is the
word
we we uh which you be gracious and
grateful at the end and then they say
namaste but i didn't even know what that
means
why islam was like namaste amen and i
was like i was throwing amen in there
because i'm like i have a five
punch card i can't waste it on french
jeez
don't let people walk on you you know
that's a good positive thing to think
uh that's my motto uh i got a new model
am not the victim do you want to try it
yeah ready and i
am not the victim i am the killer
cause you gotta think positive
it gets you through a bad day let me
tell you that
[Laughter]
you guys are gigglers that's funny um
um it's hard to uh like i grew up in
northern wisconsin okay
like to minnesotan parents in northern
wisconsin that's a lot of white
um but we grew up there because my dad
didn't want to live anywhere you can't
just take a leak outside
and
yeah that's all available to you there
uh but you try to explain that
a small town 500 people big you try to
explain that to somebody from
la or new york and you're like well in a
town that size
you ever see a semi truck what a day
that was
you're excited you're scared you're like
oh
man maybe we're getting a shipment
something's coming in
tell the town's people maybe it's my
birthing hips
oh yeah you saw this physique coming
down the street didn't you
in school they tell you you're going to
develop
empty promise
yeah listen to my voice you're probably
like oh
she sounds like a five-year-old
and yet she has the body of a fourth
grader
yeah that's a mixed message so
no but if you are a woman and you got
blessed with curves you should be proud
you shouldn't hide i mean like
i didn't get i didn't get any cleavage
okay because i'm from the forest
so yeah
i only got fast food twice a year guys
yeah i didn't get all the bovine growth
hormones that the city gals are getting
10 more big macs a year and it could
have been somebody
ah
[Applause]
well that's how cindy crawford did it
but you know we're taught like that yeah
um
open a magazine and the women look
perfect
in a magazine i'm picking up bad habits
i'll see a man walking by bigs
under his eyes and i think oh that poor
man he's so tired he's been working so
hard and then i'll see a woman walk by
with bags under her eyes and i think
ah that poor woman she looks like
crap
it's like a double standard right
yes it is and who am i to talk i gotta
wear a lot of makeup just to look plain
like this is it yeah
i'm from northern wisconsin all the
women look like me they're like oh a
curvy boy
but we're scrappy you know we're tough i
am used to scrappy women i
i uh i met this gal one time up north by
my
folks house her name was eve
and uh she was about 81 but like
an old 81 and
eve told me that for her living she had
been a trapper
her whole life and as first of all i was
like oh
please let it be of animals oh gosh
please please please like i walked right
into this one
no it was animal so
she goes on telling me uh about her
heart surgery
very tough interesting lady
smoking as she was telling me about it
because eve is not a quitter
and um i know
and she it was so interesting she had a
heart transplant but it wasn't
a human heart in there it was like a
part of a pig heart yeah they kept your
heart coming you know what i'm talking
about don't you
yes it's a real science you guys it is
the the only only problem is you gotta
wait till a
pig dies in a car accident
that could take months so
get on the pig list now guys before
something happens to you
oh man then in elementary and high
school my lunch
ladies their names this is wisconsin oh
my gosh
bunny cookie and mo right
because in wisconsin as soon as you get
out of the women's prison
uh
you get enrolled into the lunch lady
protection program
oh you want some more mac and cheese
baby
i'll give you another scoop for a hug
and then the mac and cheese is so thick
do you remember
school lunch like they always served you
a hot starch
because they wanted to like just see if
you could learn in adverse conditions
that who can learn when they're sleeping
nobody can learn when they're asleep
[Music]
it was a comfort food because nobody
wanted to be at school um
i want to ask about the comfort food you
guys have a comfort food here
what do you like cookies that is so
normal and good
thank you i asked the lady front row la
i said you have a comfort
food she goes yeah salads it's like god
no wonder i can't live in this piece of
crap town
yeah salads
you can't even wipe a tear with a piece
of salad
it's too wet you can't
you need a tater tot
you need that tater tot to soak up all
the sobbing
you know that's why tater tots were
invented
they're like little sponges that absorb
your emotions
okay oh you got some
sad on you let me stop that up
like tater tots care about you
not salad i have to put my tater tot
down
salad is cold and unconcerned with your
problems
you need pizza you need hot you need
like mashed potatoes
you need a man-sized mound of
mashed potatoes that you can just burrow
into burrow into it
and make make a feelings cave
and crawl up in there till you're ready
to address
life again
not lettuce no lettuce wants you to cry
so you can grow more lettuce
you guys are so nice
speaking of health and wellness uh
i was in the dmv the other day
and i saw a 98 year old guy and i know
he was 98 because i was eavesdropping on
him
and he was first of all why do you still
have to go
to the dmv at that age i feel like when
you're
like 85 can't they maybe give you a
license and just be like this is good
enough
you you've been here so much
it's cruel to make this guy keep going
to the dmv
when can he have his forever license
so his great-granddaughters are pushing
him around in his wheelchair he could
walk
he was he just didn't feel like walking
he was like no i've been doing walking
for 97 years
i am done and i get it
but the best thing he goes he goes girls
did you mark me down as a donor
[Music]
that's a real old heart
who draws the short straw in that
operation
oh good good news bob we found your
heart uh bad news you got two years to
live
sorry
wow but but then the great
granddaughters they said grandpa you
can't check
the box you already donated your body
to the university of minnesota so like i
guess he gave it to science you know
but i hope it was science i hope it
wasn't like send it to the english
department
[Music]
would that be a great day in english
class
what are we doing today mr johnson well
a dead body came in
how does it make you feel
[Music]
[Applause]
thanks guys
i uh uh i married a comic
um yeah oh no i know
two comedians so much depression so
little time
how do you do it we don't we never do it
i'm back
no he he's wonderful but i think it's so
funny are
there a lot of married folks in here
okay
all right so you'll get this and then
you tell the others
you never marry who you think you're
gonna marry
and and he's wonderful but in junior
high
girls have these lists that you make you
know of who you're gonna marry
and yeah tim he doesn't play the piano
or drive a ship
those were the only two things on my
list that was being open-minded
but because when you're young you think
you know how romance works right
but that's not how romance works how
romance works
is you meet somebody you're tired so you
get married
yeah we're we're lucky it worked out
great for us
right but um oh you think you know
everything about romance when
like i thought i did because my mom had
stacks of those
harlequin romance paperbacks
yes it was like a red light district
down at the end of the hallway
and no teenage girl should ever read a
romance novel because it sets you up for
a lifetime
of disappointment it does
yeah but because your husband doesn't
understand
that in order for romance to happen one
of you
has to be out on the prairie
yeah maybe doing some farm chores okay
maybe you're washing clothes on one of
those wrigley boards and you're wearing
your best peasant's dress and you're
just
working and you're washing and you're
washing and you want your
a pirate
did he get here yeah and this novel
takes place in kansas and that's a
landlocked state
so
anyway but
we're doing fine yeah
yeah he's a comic too so i told you that
but we do
get to travel uh together sometimes
which is nice we
have you been to san francisco ever yeah
yeah
yeah we we got to go there recently um
but
those people could never just tell you
like what town they're from
they always they're always like oh i'm
from the bay
area so i say oh yeah
you're from green bay
um tampa bay bay of
biscay galway bay
so many bays like that's pretty
pretentious just to claim
two very vague geographical features for
yourself
like bait and area like you don't just
get those
i live in minnesota now when people ask
me where i'm from i don't say inland and
expect them to know
thank you yeah you
get it well sometimes i will say
i'm from the woods but
i know that's geography but i'm rarely
snooty about it
um you know usually
apologetic i'm like oh i'm sorry do i
smell
i can go back outside you know
i don't need to be in here on the good
linoleum
it waxed it
that's what i got for graduation well
that's what my mom got for
graduation is new linoleum for the open
house
i know i have a lot of cultural barriers
it's hard in l.a doing shows too i i uh
like i i
does anybody hear some things about me
uh whose family here has ever been
aerial patrolled for having too many rv
campers on your land
anybody anybody
see these are the obstacles i face
i'm telling you and you can you can try
to butt those
rv campers up and on in and make it look
just like one long rv
camper but the sky police are still
gonna get you
oh what were you talking about oh yeah
my
my mom still lives in the woods yeah
she's originally from duluth minnesota
um
yeah that's a real pale society
like i i'm gonna break i i make a real
good guacamole
because i've left minnesota and i've
left wisconsin and i've tasted guacamole
and then i did my best to replicate that
back where i live and my mom
she can't she has to call it avocado dip
because guacamole is too ethnic
you want to know what else is too ethnic
for my mother
ah cilantro and john denver
so my husband now
he is refusing to visit my mom up at her
shack
because she won't quit burning plastic
yeah
i'm like tim come on she's 76
she's gonna burn some plastic okay
there's no garbage service like it's not
like she's got a tire
fire burn and she's just real bad at
sorting the garbage
all right when i'm 76 i'm gonna see what
burns
uh if he's so sensitive about it why
is he standing downwind of the pink
campfire flames you can see there's a
rainbow shooting out of there
you gotta go to the other side you can
stay
upwind of the polycarbons
get some wood smarts
i mean what if we never would have got
married i know i have my issues but
would he always just
be somewhere with his mouth around the
exhaust pipe of a bus
and be like how'd this get here
[Laughter]
ah he's great i uh my mom
uh yeah she's uh i'll say this a lot of
people
don't believe in antidepressants but for
a while
my mom was taking them and i felt great
oh good you get it good
um i got some advice anybody uh
thinking uh dayton or anything like that
i'm gonna be be a little snoopy
here's my advice i think if you ever
have the choice
for ladies you should marry an old guy
yeah because old guys can do stuff
i don't want to hurt anybody's feelings
here but young guys
what skills are you bringing to the
table
tim didn't even have a socket set when
we got married
i was like we're gonna die
there's always an accident where you can
save your life with a socket set
especially if you know metric
and i know metric because in school they
said you gotta learn metric
this is the way the country's gone so i
studied and i studied
and and they couldn't ever just give you
a straight answer they said okay
kids you wanna know what uh you want to
know what a meter is
well you know what a football field
looks like don'tcha
take that divide by a hundred then go a
little bit more
and you know the the kilogram is very
easy that
that's 2.2 pounds but they couldn't just
say it the teachers were like
think of a small cat
that's right and left brain
i was in the ungifted and untalented
program
but i remembered this small cat and um
i'd my mom and i would watch these
sunday night movies together there'd
always be like a drug deal around these
risque sunday night movies and the drug
dealer would always say that guy's gonna
need a kilo of coke
and i turn to my mother and i say mother
that is like
a small cat of cocaine
we're learning it in school
i uh no but it's good to be handy guy
i'm just giving the young guys a hard
time i i
my husband moved in to my house i bought
a house
about was about eight years ago because
they were on sale
yeah that's a
clearance sale on houses
um and uh
i don't know if you ever tried applying
for a mortgage before but it's
very embarrassing i i went into the bank
to talk to the lady and the lady said
something about credit
and then i was like oh i should get
credit just for coming in here
uh it's a lot of work
they ask you so many questions like oh
hey did you happen to apply for a visa
card in 1999 down at the 7-11 so you
could get half off on a salted nut roll
you can't lie it's a federal offense
so you have to be like craw i remember
getting a good deal on a salted nut roll
one time
and then you don't get a house
that's how it works yeah
[Music]
i know a lot about finance guys uh
i do my taxes quarterly so like every
four years
so so tim moves into my house and he's
he's so sweet he's trying to help and he
wants
he wants to do something nice so he says
you know
you need some security fencing around
this house so i was like yeah great
he leaves he comes back with some
lattice work
like what did you go to joann fabrics or
something
that is work what's your name man
debbie you're you look so sweet debbie
if you're in a surly mood you could
bound right through
some latticework kuncha
yeah she even did this she did this
as if you had already bounded through
some latticework
thank you yeah not even much motion
you're
like a knit lettuce work ninja you just
do a little
down well i i agree
it almost encourages you to want to rob
a place
doesn't it you're like oh ladders work
maybe they got some craft projects in
there we could steal
bob to bring your hot glue gun we're
gonna do a heist
[Music]
yeah i brought my hot glue gun but i
gotta plug it in so that the bullets
melt
bob should have sprung for the
battery-operated hot glue gun
anyway but you know old guys can do
stuff
i don't know how they just know when my
dad was born he came out they just
stamped a refrigeration license on his
birth certificate you know
like one day this is a true story one
day my dad was having a heart attack
and he saved his own life because he
gave himself oxygen
off the welding tanks yeah
that's what you do young guys
yeah do you just stay out on the lake
and be lazy and have your heart attack
no get off the lake go get your welding
tank
save your life what if we don't own a
welding tank well drive to somebody's
house who owns a welding tank
wouldn't it be faster to go to the
doctor yeah you could go to the doctor
but then you're just giving up
[Applause]
i'm half laughing because most people
don't know anything about welding tanks
anymore
who's been married for a while here
[Applause]
oh everybody
you guys raised your hand right there oh
but you want to retract
that we're going to retract that
statement
well yeah that's pretty long
you could i mean so who has two to get
married here i could uh
into the dark into the dark what's your
name sir
kit and what's your name yeah shanna um
how did he ask you shanna
oh
in the car at first boy it was a long
proposal
[Music]
what you that's a very romantic way to
ask how do you
feel about spending forever i'm like oh
i would have paid you to ask me that
that's a nice way to i
my husband it was real romantic um
when my husband proposed to me too
because uh he came over
and uh i was sleeping and
he goes get up we're leaving in 15
minutes
play conor he must need me to help him
lift a couch or something
you know so i i go out to his truck
and i look at it there's no couch in
there but get in
there's a real nice piece of cheese on
the seat
not no cooler nothing else just a piece
of cheese
and i got very suspicious because we
never buy cheeses with words from other
languages in it
you know yeah sargento
so i'm nervous already and we take off
going down the highway and he pulls over
at a rest stop uh-huh
you know where this is going yeah cause
ever since i've been a little girl i've
been like please god
please let somebody ask me to marry him
at a rest stop god please
and please let it be just a little bit
after labor day so that all the
porta-potties are overflowing
[Laughter]
cause smell is the strongest memory
sense
and you'll never forget that
oh you won't ever you'll remember the
day um
and so so that's how it happened and and
then
we had a uh our wedding cost about
70 including cleanup fees
um because we saved all our money for
what we thought would be a good idea
so um let me let me uh pass this on to
you
it's not a good idea um we went on a
three-week
honeymoon
yeah three weeks together
like that's 21 days together
like i love you but not all in a row
thanks guys i just you just you just
gotta you know
you gotta be good at giving compliments
that's one thing
like um some people say when you get
married you give up
not me i if we're going out somewhere i
like to curl my bangs up real tight
i make a tight curl and i'm in the
bathroom about half an
hour and smoke is coming out of the iron
but i'm trying and then i go out to the
living room and present myself
like a gift
yeah yeah and he looks at me like oh it
looks like you got an
awning on your forehead
oh thank you i think
but you got to keep it romantic and it
can be tough um like
we can't hardly kiss because he's got a
deviated septum
and that's a permanent nasal blockage
guys if we want to kiss i gotta get a
cpap machine out
um gotta be near an
outlet
marriage is a lot of work um
and i'll i'll uh end on this
is anybody struggling with a deviated
septum right now
anyone they can't hardly get their hands
in the air because they can't get enough
air in
well don't worry because i'm gonna start
a walk
and you can pledge us per mile and
you're going to know when we're coming
through with our march our charity march
because one day out on the street you're
just
you're just probably going to hear
something like this
yeah and you'll be like oh what is that
a herd of pugs out on the street
oh no it's just the mouth breathers
again oh
i hope they finish their 1k this time
hey guys thank you so much for having me
[Applause]
you
I do my taxes quarterly so like every
four years my husband moved in to my
house I bought a house a ball was about
eight years ago because they were on
sale clearance sale on houses and I
don't know if you ever tried applying
for a mortgage before but it's very
embarrassing I went into the bank to
talk to the lady and the lady said
something about credit and then I was
like oh I should get credit just for
coming in here it's a lot of work they
asked you so many questions like oh hey
did you happen to apply for a visa card
in 1999 dollar at the 7-eleven so you
could get half off on a salted nut roll
you can't lie it's a federal offense so
you have to be like craw I remember
getting a good deal on a salt to not
roll one time
[Music]
and then you don't get a house
that's how it works yeah I know a lot
about finance guys I do my taxes
quarterly so like every four years so
Tim moves into my house and he's he's so
sweet he's trying to help and he wants
he wants to do something nice so he says
you know you need some security fencing
around this house so I was like yeah
great he leaves he comes back with some
latticework like what do you go to
jo-ann fabrics latticework what's your
name man Debbie yours you look so sweet
Debbie if you're in a surly mood you
could bond right through some lattice of
our country
yeah she did this she did this as if you
had already found it through some
latticework thank you
yeah not even much motion you're like a
nit latticework ninja you just do a
little down well I think I agree it
almost encourages ya
to wanna rob a place doesn't it you're
like oh that is work maybe they got some
craft projects in there or we could
steal Bob to bring your hot glue guns
we're gonna do a highest
yipe rapid hot glue gun but I gotta plug
it in so let the bullets melt Bob should
have sprung for the battery-operated hot
glue gun I I'm Lutheran so yeah oh yeah
we're booth I have a lot of bad habits I
have a lot of vices mainly lutefisk and
pickled herring I'm real sorry about
that
don't come buy me another another bad
Lutheran Vice is the worst watered down
weakest coffee you ever had in your life
ah and that's why there are so many
Mormons that they've tried the basement
Lutheran coffee and they're like no
we're going Mormon yeah okay see know
your audience
Wow I have two degrees in clarinet so
yeah that's why I do comedy a clarinet
never comes in handy for anything unless
maybe you're driving and then you hit a
deer and you don't have a crowbar in
your trunk to put it out of its misery
Wow
last time I hit a deer I had my clarinet
with me and I only got through like two
songs and he was out
yeah that's that's how good I am my
first job was that actually beginning
band teacher that's what I did yeah no
that is the job from a Qi double hockey
sticks oh I mean it too I think like
somebody went bound to hell and scooped
up some of the molten material and
brought it back and cooled it off and
said Behold flutes and recorders do you
remember the recording oh that little
plastic whistle you think it's plastic
it's genuine Hellfire brimstone yeah and
every time you play the recorder it
calls the devil yeah yeah yeah and then
the devil is like ah crap I gotta go up
there and hear hot cross buns again
[Applause]
if there ever anything to make all the
dark forces in the world repent it'd be
30 elementary kids playing hot cross bun
on recorder for three months you know
and when your teacher first your teacher
you have such high hopes you're like
yeah kids for the holiday program this
year we're gonna play something from
Beethoven's 9th yeah by the third year
you're like okay you little turds I'm
pretty sure this year we're just gonna
play jingle bells and we're gonna go
ahead and play it again for the spring
concert
we have some teachers maybe huh do some
teachers in the crowd oh yeah oh my gosh
what get out now I'm just joking um what
what do you teach dancin yoga but wait a
second
you dance dance and yoga in the school
er like you I've here your own studio in
the school what is money growing on
trees in Utah how do you get dancing
yoga in the schools how is that possible
I mean Wisconsin we had at least a
quarter on polka but that's
understandable
I mean polka but you get i mean you get
all your rage doing like you can't you
can't get in trouble doing this the
whole time uh yeah I did I tried yoga
once because I know you remind me to get
back on track later but I been spending
a lot of time in LA cuz I was sick of
people appreciating me for what's on the
inside
[Music]
Oh
dear friend one time a gal came up to me
after a shoulder and she's like what's
with your hair are you wearing any
product in the middle of a drug deal
right now
I didn't want to go I didn't know what
product was so but but the LA people are
always giving me this Zen advice right
there I was like oh you gotta live in
the now Mary Mac live in the now you
know what now what am i superhero then
now it's like you don't even know when
the now is till a little bit after the
now
sometimes several days go by before I
realize it's now
[Applause]
but but have you tried dabbling in the
now I've tried it that's where I yoga
came in and I learned this great move in
yoga Tommy if you teach it in your class
I want you to put your hands on the
ground like this right boy the cameramen
didn't know this stunt was common ooh
would you put your hands I don't know
who then keep up with this one put your
hands on the ground like that and stick
this foot up in the air and then what
happens is all your negative energy is
sort of just shoots out it shoots out
your big toe it makes a rainbow
it makes a negativity rainbow and it
lands on a baby in an airplane
but then at the end of the class is the
word we wouldn't you be gracious and
grateful at the end and then they say
namaste but I didn't even know what that
means so I was like nah mistake him then
I always throw an amen in there cuz I'm
like I have a 5 punch card I can't waste
it on French Jesus don't let people walk
on you you know that's a good positive
thing to think that's my motto
I got a new model I am NOT the victim do
you wanna try it yeah ready I am the
killer cause you gotta think positive it
gets you through a bad day let me tell
you that you guys are gigglers that's
funny it's hard to like I grew up in
northern Wisconsin ok like to Minnesotan
parents in northern Wisconsin that's a
lot of white but we grew up there cuz my
dad didn't want to live anywhere you
can't just take a leak outside and
yeah that's all available to you there
but you're trying to explain that a
small town 500 people big you try to
explain that to somebody from LA or New
York and you're like well in a town that
size you ever see a semi-truck oh what a
day that was you're excited you're
scared you're like oh man maybe we're
getting a shipment coming in tell the
townspeople maybe it's my birthing hips
oh yeah you saw this physique coming
down the street ventia in school they
tell you you're gonna develop ha ha
empty promise
yeah listen to my voice you're probably
like oh she sounds like a five-year-old
and yet she has the body of a fourth
grader
haha that's a mixed message so no but if
you are a woman and you got blessed with
curves you should be proud you shouldn't
hide I mean like I didn't I didn't get
any cleavage okay cuz I'm from the
forest so yeah I only got fast food
twice a year guys what yeah I didn't get
all the bovine growth hormones that the
city cows are gettin 10 more Big Macs a
year and I could have been somebody
[Applause]
that's how Cindy Crawford did it but the
you know we're taught like that you open
a magazine and the women look perfect to
the magazine I'm picking up bad habits
I'll see a man walking by bags under his
eyes and and I'm saying oh that poor man
he's so tired it's been working so hard
and then I'll see a woman walked by with
bags under her eyes and I think wow that
poor woman she looks like crap
a double-standard right yes it is and
Who am I to talk I gotta wear a lot of
makeup just to look plain yeah I'm from
northern Wisconsin all the women look
like me they're like Oh curvy boy
but we're scrappy you know Murtaugh I am
used to scrappy women uh uh I met this
gal one time up north by my folks house
her name was Eve and she was about 81
but like an old 81 and Eve told me that
for her living she had been a trapper
her whole life and as first of all I was
like oh please let it be of animals
please please please I walked right into
this one no it was animal so uh she goes
on telling me about her hurt surgery
very tough interesting lady smoking as
she was telling me about it because Eve
is not a quitter and you know if she it
was so interesting she had a heart
transplant but it wasn't a human heart
in there it was like a part of a pig
heart yeah they kept her heart pump you
know not talking about don't you yes if
they're real science you guys it is but
the only only problem is you got a way
to a pig dies in a car accident
that could take months so get on the pig
list now guys for some happens to you
then it not elementary in high school my
lunch ladies
their names this is Wisconsin oh my gosh
bunny cookie and Moe right because in
Wisconsin soon as you get out of the
women's prison you get enrolled into the
lunch lady protection program
oh you want some more mac and cheese
baby
I'll give me another scoop for a hug
yeah and then the American cheese is so
thick do you remember school lunch like
they always served you hot starch cuz
they wanted to just like just see if you
could learn in adverse conditions
that who can learn when they're sleeping
nobody can learn when they're asleep it
was a comfort food because no nobody
wanted to be at school I want to ask
about the comfort food you guys have a
comfort food here what do you like
cookies that is so normal and good thank
you
I asked the lady front row la I said you
have a comfort food she goes yeah salads
like ah no wonder I can't live in this
piece of crap town
you can't even wipe a tear with a piece
of salad it's too wet the pan yeah you
need a Tater Tot
we need that Tater Tot to soak up all
the sobbing you know that's my tater
tots were invented they're like little
sponges that absorb your emotions oh you
got some sad on you let me stop that up
tater tots care about you not salad I
have to put my Tater Tot down salad that
salad is cold and unconcerned with your
problems
you need pizza you need hot you need
like mashed potatoes you need a
man-sized mound of mashed potatoes that
you can just burrow into burrow into it
and make make a feelings cave and crawl
up in there till you're happy to address
life I can not lettuce no lettuce wants
you to cry so you can grow more lettuce
speaking of health and wellness I was in
the DMV the other day uh-huh
and I saw a 98 year old guy and I know
it was 98 because I was eavesdropping on
him and he was first of all why do you
still have to go to the DMV at that age
I feel like when you're like 85 can't
they maybe give you a license and just
be like this is good enough
yeah you've been here so much
it's cruel to make this guy keep going
to the DMV when can he have his forever
license so his great granddaughters are
pushing him around in his wheelchair he
could walk he was he just didn't feel
like walking she was like no I've been
doing walking for ninety seven years I
am done and I get it but the best thing
he goes he goes girls did you mark me
down as a donor
oh that's a real old heart Oh
who dries the short straw on an
operation
Oh oh good good news Bob we found you're
hurt bad news you got two years to live
Wow but but then the
great-granddaughters they said grandpa
you can't check the box you already
donated your body to the University of
Minnesota so like I guess he gave it to
science you know but I hope it was
science I hope he wasn't like send it to
the English department
[Music]
but when that be a great day in English
class what are we doing today mr.
Johnson well a dead body came in how
does it make you feel
[Music]
[Applause]
I married a comic yeah oh no I know to
comedian so much depression so little
time how do you do it we know what we
never doing
[Music]
no he's wonderful but I think it's so
funny
I wondered a lot of married folks in
here okay so you'll get this and then
you tell the others ah you never marry
who you think you're gonna marry and
he's wonderful but in junior high girls
have these lists that should make you
know of who you're gonna marry and yeah
Tim he doesn't play the piano or drive
the ship those were the only two things
I'm in this that was being open-minded
because when you're young you think you
know how romance works right but that's
not how romance works how romance works
is you meet somebody you're tired so you
get married yeah we're we're lucky it
worked out great for us right
but um girl you think you know
everything about romance man like I
thought I did because my mom had stacks
of those Harlequin romance paperbacks
yes it was like a red-light district
down at the end of the hallway
and no teenage girl should ever read a
romance novel cuz it sets you up for a
lifetime of disappointment it does
because your husband doesn't understand
that in order for romance to happen one
Lea has to be out on the Prairie
yeah maybe doing some farm chores okay
maybe you're wash and clothes on one of
those Wiggly boards and you're wearing
your best peasants dress and you're just
working and you're washing and you're
washing and you're wanting you're a
pirate
get here yeah and this novel takes place
in Kansas and that's a landlocked state
so but we're doing fine yeah yeah he is
a comic too so I told you that but we do
get to travel together sometimes which
is nicely what have you been to San
Francisco ever yeah we've got to go
there recently but those people could
never just tell you like what town
they're from there they always they're
always like oh I'm from the Bay Area so
I said oh yeah you're from Green Bay
Tampa Bay they have this gay Galway Bay
so many bays like that's pretty
pretentious just to claim to very vague
geographical features for yourself like
being an area you don't just get those
yeah I live in Minnesota now when
people ask me where I'm from I don't say
inland and expect them to know you get
it well sometimes I will say on from the
woods but
I know that's geography but I'm rarely
snooty about it you know usually
apologetic oh my gosh
sorry do I smell I can go back outside I
don't need to be in here on the good
linoleum waxed it that's what I got for
graduation well that's not my mom got it
for graduation is new new linoleum for
the open house I know I have a lot of
cultural barriers it's hard in LA doing
shows - I like it
does anybody here's some things about me
whose family here has ever been Arial
patrolled for having too many RV campers
on your land anybody anybody see these
are the obstacles I faced Netanya and
you can you could try to but those RV
campers ups and on in and make it look
just like one long RV camper but the sky
police are still gonna get you
Oh what were we talking about oh yeah
man my mom still lives in the woods yeah
she's originally from Duluth Minnesota
yeah that's a real pale society like I
I'm gonna break I make a real good
guacamole because I've left Minnesota
and I've left Wisconsin and I've tasted
guacamole and then I did my best to
replicate that back where I live and my
mom she can't she has to call it avocado
dip cuz guacamole is too ethnic yeah you
want to know what else is too ethnic for
my mother ah cilantro and John Denver
so my husband now he is refusing to
visit my mom a better Shack cuz she
won't quit burnin plastic
yeah I'm like Tim come on she's 76 she's
gonna burn some plastic okay there's no
garbage service like it's not like she's
got a tire fire burn and she's just real
bad at sorting the garbage all right
when I'm 76 I'm gonna see what burns
if he is so sensitive about it why is he
standing downwind of the pink campfire
flames you can see there's a rainbow
shortened order there you got it go to
the other side you could stay upwind of
the poly carbons get some wood smarts I
mean what if we never would have got
married I know I have my issues but when
he always just be somewhere with his
mouth around the exhaust pipe of a bus
and be like how'd this get here
[Laughter]
no he's great yeah I my mom yeah she's
uh I'll say this a lot of people don't
believe in antidepressants but for a
while my mom was taking home and I felt
great
oh how could you get it good I got some
advice anybody thinking Dayton or
anything like that I'm gonna be be a
little Snoopy listen here's my advice I
think if you ever have the choice for
ladies you should marry an old guy yeah
cuz all the guys can do stuff I don't
want to hurt anybody's feelings here but
young guys what skills are you bringing
to the table
Tipton even have a socket set when we
got married I was like we're gonna die
there's always an accident where you can
save your life with a socket set
especially if you know metric and I know
metric cause in school they said you
gotta learn metric this is the way the
country's gone so I studied and I study
and and they couldn't ever just give you
a straight answer and they said okay
kids you want to know what a you want to
order meters well you know at a football
field looks like don't you take that
divided by a hundred then go a little
bit more
and you know that the kilogram is very
easy then that's 2.2 pounds but they
could just say it the teachers were like
think of a small cat that's right and
left brand I was in the ungifted and
untalented program but I remembered this
small cat and hide my mouth and I would
watch these Sunday night movies together
there'd always be like a drug deal
around these risk a Sunday night movies
and the drug dealer would always say
that guy's gonna need a kilo of coke and
I turn to my mother and say mother that
is like a small camp of cocaine we're
learning it in school
I know but it's good to be handy guy I'm
just giving the young guys a hard time
uh but you know old guys can do stuff I
don't know how they just know when my
dad was born he came out they just
stamped a refrigeration license on his
birth certificate you know like one day
this is a true story one day my dad was
having a heart attack and he saved his
own life because he gave himself oxygen
at the welding tanks yeah that's what
you do young guys yeah do you just stay
out on the lake and be lazy and have
your heart attack
no get off the lake go get your welding
tank save your life what if I don't own
a welding tank well drive to somebody's
house who owns a welding tank would it
be faster to go to the doctor yeah you
could go to the doctor but then you're
just giving up
[Applause]
I'm half laughing cuz most people don't
know anything about welding tanks
anymore who's been married for a while
here Oh everybody you guys raised your
hand right there
you oh but you want to retract that
right we're gonna retract that statement
well yeah that's pretty long you could I
mean so who has to get married here I
could yep yep and happen
oh go over there into the dark into the
dark what's your name sir KITT and put
your name in Shanna I'm how did he ask
you Shanna in the car at first boy it
was a long proposal
yeah what you that's a great very
romantic way to ask how do you feel
about spending for every day I'm like oh
I would have pigeon asked me that that's
a nice bit of propose I my husband it
was real romantic um when my husband
proposed to me too because he came over
and I was sleeping and he goes good off
we're leaving in 15 minutes like oh no
he must need me to help him lift a couch
or something you know so I I go out to
his truck huh and I look at it there's
no couch in there but get in there's a
real nice piece of cheese on the seat
now no cooler nothing else just a piece
of cheese and I got very suspicious cuz
we never buy cheeses with words from
other languages in it you know yeah
Sargento
[Music]
so I'm nervous already and we take off
going down the highway and he pulls over
at a rest stop uh-huh you know this is
going yeah cuz ever since I've been a
little girl I've been like please God
please let somebody ask me to marry him
at a rest stop please let it be just a
little bit after Labor Day so that all
the porta-potties are overflowing cuz
smell is the strongest memory sense
you'll never forget that oh you won't
ever you'll remember the day and so so
that's what happened and and then we had
a our wedding cost about $70 including
cleanup fees because we saved all our
money for what we thought would be a
good idea so let me let me pass this on
to you it's not a good idea we went on a
three-week honeymoon yeah three weeks
together Thanks
that's 21 days together like I love you
but not all in a row
thanks guys I just you just you just
gotta you know you gotta be good at
giving compliments that's one thing like
some people say when you get married you
give up not me i if we're going out
somewhere I like to curl my bangs up
real tight
I make a tight curl and I'm in the
bathroom about half an hour and smoke is
coming out of the iron but I'm trying
and then I go out to the living room and
present myself like a gift yeah yeah and
he looks at me like oh uh looks like you
got an awning on your forehead oh thank
you I think but you got to keep it
romantic and it can be tough like we
can't hardly kiss cuz he's got a
deviated septum and that's a permanent
nasal blockage guys if we want to kiss I
gotta get a CPAP machine note gotta be
near an outlet
marriage is a lot of work and uh and on
this is anybody struggling with a
deviated septum right now anyone
they can't hardly get their hands in the
air because they can't get enough air in
well don't worry because I'm gonna start
a walk and you can pledge US per mile
and you're gonna know when we're coming
through with our march our charity merch
because one day out on the street you're
just you're just probably gonna hear
something like this
yeah and you'll be like oh what is that
I heard of pugs out on the street oh no
it's just the mouth breathers again oh I
hope they finished their 1k this time
hey guys thank you so much for her
[Applause]
you know Kendriya say you want a husband
but your behavior says otherwise I feel
bad for my mother though I feel like she
really I think she you know I've never
been married and I don't have any kids
and she used to always you know I feel
like she's given up hope on me getting
married at all cuz she used to always
say you know what Kendra there's someone
out there for everyone and now she
always says you know what Kendra there's
a lot of single mothers out there she
just wants me to have those babies like
kids I think kids acute I feel like they
give me anxiety though I feel like they
get to say whatever they want to me and
I can't say what I want in return you
know I was out the other night one of my
friends kids got on my lap and said and
for all the adults she was like you you
have coffee breath and I wanted to be
like you're lucky I don't have whiskey
breath I'd be making out with your
father right now we can't say stuff like
that to kids
you had to keep it inside I think my
biggest problem with with kids is like
the pregnancy part you know because I
feel like I'm bloated and uncomfortable
on a good day nevermind - three years
how long has it take to have a baby a
long time I feel like if I could just
choose my gestation process if I could
lay some eggs
I'd be more apt to do that you know but
I could be like hey do me a favor come
over here and watch my eggs
I want to go sashay around the
neighborhood see if I still got it I
feel like I'm really in no position to
think about having I actually gained 15
pounds last year please it was my
pleasure I'd do it all again if I could
you know I don't know what it is I mean
I like to eat I like to eat in bed I
feel like my duvet is just like a 42
square foot cloth napkin at this point
you know let's call it what it is I woke
up the other day with the tail end of a
goldfish crack I stuck to my bad buttock
you know Kendriya say you want a husband
but your behavior says otherwise unless
of course you're looking for a man
breaded in goldfish cracker crumbs
carry on my sweet soldier I know I
always gain and weight you know you can
tell you know my pants was snug my
shirts didn't fit quite right but when I
actually outgrew a pair of my own
underwear that's when I was like a wall
outgrown our underwear you know his
children
I don't remember outgrowing my underwear
as a child but out wearing my underwear
as an adult is something I'm going to
remember till the day I die that is not
a memory that fades fast there are a
couple of things I mean then at one time
I had on this white shirt it looked like
I had a little stain on my shirt and it
turned out the stain was on the bra
underneath the shirt it looked like a
little fingerprint that have been
smeared along in some sort of chicken
wing sauce which made me realize at some
point hopefully recently I decided to
eat something that was in sauce with my
hand while standing in my bra and
decided I don't need a silly napkin I
can wipe that sauce right on my drive
[Applause]
thank you
I'm originally from Boston but I've been
living in New York for ten years and my
mother's still back in Boston and I wish
I could say that I missed her but
doesn't really give me the opportunity
to she calls me like 15 times a day the
other day she tried to send me a selfie
and I got like a 10-second video of her
chewing gum she was like I tried to send
you a selfie I'm like oh I know I have
the evidence but a new thing now she
just got one of these Amazon Alexa's you
know these voice command machines so now
she likes to call me and let me listen
to her heckle Alexa you know so I'll get
these calls should be like listen to
this hey Alexa you smell like rotten
eggs and then you hear likes to go
that's not very nice my mother's like
yeah I'll call you back I'm just
picturing her sitting there all day
roasting this poor machine Alexa's like
how can I return myself and can't live
like this my mother does that she loves
to talk on the phone
and she leaves me a lot of voicemails
about unimportant things you know it's
almost like she's an an investigative
journalist on minutiae you know so I'll
get these calls like hey I'm at the red
light by the Burger King in West Quincy
you should see the line at the
drive-through call me back
then they have like five minutes later
I'll get a call like they doing a
whopper jr. special here in Boston I
don't know if they do it in New York
call me back I'm like I even had a
whopper jr. in seven years and I want to
know how much it costs
she has sparked my curiosity a lot of
times though I'll be honest like
sometimes I don't pick her up you know
I'll see her calling and and the other
day she tricked me she called me from an
unknown number and and I picked up and
she was like cami I was like why are you
whispering she was like why are you
whispering about that MA she was like
I've lost my beat why'd you do that
eat the beach I got on my fear about it
I'm like have you told anyone else about
this this is what you're gonna do you're
gonna buy some peaches you're gonna put
them on the interns desk we're gonna
make this go away
I love going back to Boston you know
it's a it's fun to go back there but
every time I go back my mother likes to
she always likes to guess my my mood or
my emotional state it's almost like what
emotional charades you know I walk in
and she's like you tired you're
frustrated you hungover
I got it she's hungover I know it but
she also loves to do memory lane
drive-bys you know and they always start
off very warm and inviting and by the
end it's like morose and frightening and
it always starts with the parish she's
like I remember the parish don't you
nice memories there you're baptized and
confirmed okay here's the high school
remember you got drunk and you're not
your front tooth out
I made your mother cry thereby you made
your mother cry then it goes on to have
something that has nothing to do with me
she's like remember that guy got
murdered over here yeah they never found
his choice of you and your sister out
late that night but I didn't ask any
questions I love you unconditionally
remember that she's a nun Boston's nice
and it's a very it's a very cultural
city you know lots of museums and
historical things we never do any of
that I feel like every time I go home
with it's going out to eat and in
errands and nobody in my family is there
very good cook so we usually go out to
eaten we all love to eavesdrop so we go
out to eat nobody says a word we're all
just sitting there with that next Creek
back our eyes a dot and around the way
it is like you guys ready to order were
like Shh
go back in a few minutes but heaven
forbid we hear someone at another table
complain about a meal we came back to
the table like the town crier well like
the chickens dry nobody get the chicken
I heard the guy in the blue shirt he
said the chickens dry don't get us well
I thought that we run a lot of errands
together - and her new thing is she
likes to take like the most convoluted
route to wherever we're going so it's
almost like she's trying to confuse a
kidnap victim you know I'm I'm like mom
where you going the cleaners is right up
here through the light on the right
she's like you can go that way or you
can take a right go up Congress around
the rotary skip the light oh my god
always trying to beat the system even
when the systems in your favor but she
did she got the Bluetooth in the car you
know so now she can do her her phone
calls in surround sound and
so whenever we go anywhere she has to
call someone and tell them what's up
what we're doing so I was up there
recently and we went to go get some
purple pants hemmed so she we get in the
car she calls our friend Donna Donna
Kendra's Mecosta had a Kendra hi Kendra
we're going to we're gonna go get those
purple pants hemmed you know just in
case we get in a car accident and the
cops are like there was a pair of purple
pants in the backseat looked a little
too long for both the victims I think
this might be more than just a fender
bender I think we better look around and
Donna can say no it was in fact just a
mundane task they called me my family's
a little crazy they they loved to talk
about my family tree but there's really
nothing there our value to speak of it's
like everyone on my family tree has like
a mental disability a physical
impairment always followed up by the one
redeeming characteristic so they'll be
like oh you're gonna be a great on
Sophie don't you hunchback mimic
depressive but boy could she make a pot
roast oh my gosh it was like quite a
falling off the bone that meat she was
married to your great uncle Charlie
clubfoot alcoholic but boy could eejit a
bug he won regional awards my mother
comes from a from a long line of
unsuccessful yard sales and every year
she wants to give it one more shot
I feel like Yas eels are just like a
public admission to being like I don't
know what trash is
let me pull all this stuff on the front
lawn and let the general public decide
[Music]
it's like oh that's not trash that is a
price tag on it four hours from now when
I pull it three feet that way then it'll
be trash right now it's my inventory she
likes to go to other people's neon sales
too so it ends up being a lot of yard
sale drive-bys which is like one of the
most I feel like a very sinister type of
drive-by as we all pull up like crouch
down trying to see other people's stuff
and then once we know that we got seen
we peel off like we don't want your
stuff either
but pulling it back in the house I ended
up going to the doctor because I busted
the button off of three pairs of pants
and not just like oh I'm missing a
button but more like look how it heads
up people are like what was that
that's a button propelling off my size
ten genes even though I've morphed into
a 14 but I did I went to the doctor
because I thought maybe I had like a
stomach to him or something
and and she and she informed me that I
was in fact a very healthy 180 pound
woman and I feel like we should be able
to itemize that weight you know I mean I
feel like I have a big head big big
bosoms a big back sign that's 30 pounds
right there now I'm down to 150 that's
not so bad
yeah thank you
she um the doctor was very nice though
like she said to me you know if you cut
out carbs and alcohol the 30 days you'd
lose weight and you'd have so much more
energy I was like well is there anything
I can do to lose weight and remain as
lethargic as possible because I'd like
to be skinny but apathetic
she was trying to be nice she said you
know it's a it's like a double-edged
sword because if you're a man at your
height and weight you'd be considered
healthy but because you're a woman you
can set it overweight now as I go so
you're saying I need a sex change all
right I didn't see that coming but sure
explains a lot of things I feel I feel
like I want to diagnose this when I go
to the doctor they I feel like the only
thing I'm really looking for in a
primary care physician is someone who is
as committed to finding something wrong
with me as I am you know I'm like I gave
you my copay give me my diagnosis maybe
I just need to be burped I don't know
that's why I'm here
I did I started working out though I
started going you know don't have the
gym I mean this is the thing I've been
working out but like not changing my
eating habits so it's almost like I'm
just like working out to maintain chubby
you know what I mean
I like I've been big into rotisserie
chicken
lately I have like three rotisserie
chicken carcasses of my trash right now
I I buy them like they might not be
available tomorrow
and I just eat them with my hand you
know my friends like you want some
silverware I'm like no I'm done just
spritz the fat off my face I actually
have an appointment
my biggest thing I like it that my
favorite buffalo chicken fingers
I love buffalo chicken fingers I will
see Kyle get up out of bed and go find
myself some buffalo chicken fingers I
was out the other night and they had um
on the menu they had chicken fingers and
then they had buffalo wings so I was
like oh you think I could get buffalo
chicken fingers and the waitress was
like well it's just gonna be the chicken
figures cooked in the buffalo sauce and
I was like well thank God I asked
because I was actually looking for the
fingers of a buffalo chicken and I would
have been disappointed
how about the wings of those actually
the wings of a buffalo there's this
whole menu a big fuss I did I did
recently try bran muffins I don't know
if you haven't haven't tried them yet
don't bother I feel like bran muffins
slogan should be like hey if you love
muffins but you don't love yourself
enough to enjoy one that'd really sum up
bran muffins I like blueberry muffins
that's what I like yeah a nice round of
applause this is what I like about
blueberry I like the excitement of
knowing that I'm gonna order a blueberry
muffin and nobody else knows yet you
know what I'm standing in line I'm
looking around I'm like nobody has any
idea what I'm about to do here and then
the line starts getting shorter I'm like
here we go here we go it's coming and
then I get up to the counter and I
always act like it's a really
afterthought you know Mike can I get a
large coffee and you know what give me
one of those blueberry muffins
I mean where I left my host 20 minutes
ago knowing and I was gonna come here
for a muffin
like it worked again
worked again I feel like I could rob a
bank I really do but I have up and going
up in one of the gym that I've been
trying to trying to be good about
working out all my friends like oh it's
great you don't of the gym you can meet
people there you know no one ever talks
to me at the gym like one time a guy
came up to me it was like oh where'd you
get the snacks go crazy now I'm the girl
with the outside food but my friends are
always like oh you can meet men there I
think I can meet men I'm like I don't
know me pickup lines at the gym the best
thing I can come up with is like hey who
we can I know an ice cream shop up the
street what do you say we get out of
here don't have a little afternoon
delight I actually do get I get
intimidated at the gym because there are
always guys there lifting weights making
all these noises I don't know if you've
ever seen them you know they're like oh
[Music]
like no one's forcing you to pick up
those weights there's plenty of other
lighter weights right around here play
with those
but it's addictive making those noises I
do it now when I go to the gym I leave
out the lifting heavy weights part I
just walk through the door like ah this
is terrible what am I doing here
I did use some uh some Groupons for
fitness they had one in New York from
Mendes boxing gym boxing is a really
good workout anyways I went I told them
you know it's my first day of the
Groupon and they said okay we'll go get
changed go downstairs to get changed
when you're ready see the guy in the red
shirt in the corner he'll show you
around
it's not right I go down I get changed I
go over to the guy I'm like it's my
first day and he says you trained him
for a fight and I was like no I have a
Groupon I don't know if I was more
embarrassed that I had a Groupon or he
thought that I look like an out-of-shape
female boxer I was like either way I'm
saving money I had a couple of a yoga
they have one of my neighborhood in
Brooklyn really nice yoga place very
serene beautiful surroundings you know
when I walk in a lady I tell the lady
I'm here with my Groupon she the teeth
the yoga teacher brings me in she puts
me on the mat next to this beautiful
woman perfect size to a big engagement
ring native tan and the yoga teaches
like let me know if you have any
questions I'm like yeah is she always
here because I'd like to come to classes
that she's absent from you don't mind I
went to another place in the city
another yoga place totally different
scenario Manhattan I go in I say you
know I have my Groupon and they're like
oh yeah number 10 I'm like excuse me and
they're like oh when you go in the room
you'll see those numbers on the floor
put your mat on number 10 Michael that's
nice
come on in relax de-stress do it right
there that's what you do it
relax on that one so I did I went and I
went in and it was Jordan if someone's
on number 10 Mike here we go um my
excuse me
I'm number 10 and she's like oh do you
mind going to number 7 I want to be next
to my friend no Mike I'm out of here I'm
not doing this for all I know I go to
number 7 she pulls some funny business
on number 10 and my name's on the books
downstairs I don't want any part of it I
went and got a bacon egg and cheese much
better use of my time I think uh I did i
i i joined a running group too and this
is what i learned about myself i'm a
very ugly runner i get like beat red i'm
hyperventilate my arms are flailing
people actually stomping me on the
street like you okay do you need help
looks like there's something very wrong
happening here I'm like no I'm just
exercising thank you this is what I look
like when I do things that are good for
me but it's true I feel like when I run
I cause out the people to run like they
see me coming and they just throw this
stuff in the air just like I don't know
what's going on but this girl looks
terrified
and I'm getting out of the way the guy
who runs my group he thinks like
everything you put in your body should
be fuel and he knows I don't feel the
same way so he's always trying to get me
to stick with it he's like you know
Kendra Olympic runners eat four to five
thousand calories a day and I'm like wow
I got that down I eat like I'm training
for the Olympics but I work out like a
clinically depressed hypochondriac I'm
like I don't want to go everybody hates
me my back's broken it's terrible I have
been going to I've been going to therapy
because I have a lot of anxiety I mean
I've been doing affirmations and I feel
like the affirmations help you know but
up but I almost feel like I get
brainwashed like I ran into a friend the
other day and she was like hey Kendra
how are you and I was like I love and
adore myself she's like okay see you
later
so I'm gonna be happy but lonely
apparently but I did I started going to
therapy and uh and the doctor the
therapist said you know I don't feel
like I got very much out of it I went
for like I don't know three months and I
felt like I spent most of the time just
trying to figure out if me and the
therapist had any friends in common you
know
because I didn't want her going back and
telling Julie that I really think she's
a jerk but she let me pay in cash which
um which was nice I used to call my hush
money and every time I paid her I wanted
to be like this ought to help you keep
you mouth shut
this is the thing as a kid I had a lot
of anxiety dreams about abandonment and
I would have dreams that I came home and
my whole house was empty my family was
gone and now as I've gotten older I have
a lot of anxiety dreams revolving around
food so I had one the other day that uh
I was eating lasagna alone in an empty
restaurant and today I made that dream a
reality here you know whose dreams died
feel the fear and do it anyway yeah I've
been doing a temp job I usually I feel
like the past seven years I've been a
bartender and and I like bartending I
like the service industry I just felt
like I was I was getting cranky I was
turning into a cranky bartender
one of the last nights that I worked I
had a guy committed his money fanned out
in his hand and he came up to the bar
and he was like I have $7 what should I
get I was like I don't know a job
some financial planning advice perhaps
and go buy a banana and make a phone
call I can't help you here I'm making my
living dollar by dollar then I had
another guy he used to like give me his
tips and he'd make them into little
origami things you know I'm talking
about like he'd make a tulip or a tuxedo
shirt out of one dollar that had taken
like 20 minutes to give me a buck I'm
like hey get your prison yawns arts and
crafts off the bar now what am I
supposed to do with that I go into
Dunkin Donuts the next day they like oh
that's $3 I'm like is to tulips in a
tuxedo shirt do you accept this mockery
of our currency cuz this is how I get
paid I had another guy who used to love
to give me a susan b anthony coins I'm
like I feel like susan b anthony coins
is like the STD of tips you know Mike I
don't want anyone to know I have this
how am I getting rid of it and who the
hell was that guy anyway
you know it's crazy I have I've been
doing I was doing a temp job and I'm not
so good in the office you know I feel
like there's no personal boundaries you
know I come in with my food and
everyone's like oh would you bring like
it's mine back off and then I actually
got in trouble for taking up too much
room in the community refrigerator I was
like doesn't sound like much of a
community in Maine I'll bring my own
refrigerator tomorrow I I got in trouble
that the temp job because I was fresh to
my temporary boss he was always asking
me about my food you know what peer over
my thing oh what's that what's that
you're eating I'm like this this here
this is a nosy jerk sandwich your mother
made it for me you know like nosy jerks
are right I don't like him either um
anyways I I like I go back to Boston
quite a bit and uh and all my friends
back there you know they're married and
I've been thinking a lot lately about
wanting to wanting to do that myself and
at the time when my friends in Boston
got married this was 10 years ago
I wasn't ready and the guy I was with
was like you know whenever you're ready
just say the word and I had no idea what
the word was but I was petrified I might
say it by accident so I got out of them
but I feel like my idea of marrying a
rich man hasn't changed but my idea of
rich certainly has I used to always I
used to get people talking about their
boats and like oh that guy's got boat
money good to know the other day I saw
someone I know coming out of the dentist
I was like oh dentists money Wow
good to know good to know but I feel
like I got to work on it you know now
it's gonna be harder I've got molder I
feel like I miss my my window of
opportunity to be like a trophy wife you
know now I'd be like a bowling trophy
but I do feel like when guys find out
how old I am they start looking at me a
little more closely like suddenly
they're contemplating buying a vintage
convertible you know you know like now
it's in good shape
moves fast I like that looks great with
the top off there's really no way
knowing how many owners this thing has
had how long the body's gonna keep up I
have a funny feeling I might have to
throw a lot of money into this thing I I
do I really do want to get married I did
dating now is terrible you know when I
was in my 20s it was it was easier and I
feel like I was a lot more aggressive in
my 20s you know my 20s a guy would give
me his business card at column if you
didn't call me back and shoot him an
email you know I was like oh there's
nothing wrong with a woman pursuing a
man maybe I'd stop by his place of
employment drop off an application No
it's not a crime for a woman to go after
what she wants
turns out of this it's called stalking
and harassment but I just this is a
thing it's tough to date nowadays I mean
I went on an app I was being very honest
I would say lonely control-freak seeks
man a few words her romantic game
assignment says you know and I wasn't
getting very far
it's hard to find a good one you know I
want a good one I've waited this long I
went out with a guy halfway through the
meal he turns to me and he goes that's
not your natural color that's fake but
my here oh my girl you got me I'm busted
my haircolor is fake but you didn't pick
up on all those fake laughs earlier did
you know he had headaches got you then I
went out with another guy in a 5 dates
we went out on and he invited me over to
his apartment to make supper so I go
over and I had this weird noise in the
other room he goes in the other room and
it's like this weird hey so I poked my
head in I'm looking to see what he's
doing he's inflating an inflatable
mattress I'm like ok so now I know on
date one or two I need to ask do you
have a mattress is it inflatable because
that's a deal-breaker for me but I feel
like he should have asked hey do you
like to sleep on square balloons
I said now namaste
good luck with your journey I did have a
one guy really nice guy like a gentleman
he called me up on the phone nobody
really does that anymore and he called
me up on a Sunday he asked me out for a
Thursday and he says I'll call you
Thursday at 7 o'clock we'll make a
definite plan fine Monday I go I get my
nails done Tuesday picking out my jeans
Wednesday I got my hair blown out
Thursday comes around 7 o'clock he calls
he asks me if I want to go to Starbucks
for a cup of coffee
I'm like I had my coffee at 7 o'clock
this morning what's your backup plan you
want to go to the post office grab a
book of stamps together
I mean that we're going on a date not
running errands anyway I I know that you
know I've been thinking a lot about
getting married and not so much like
looking at venues addresses but subtle
things you know like I'll fill out a
legal form and I'll say a single I'm
married and I'll check off single and
then I write in but I can explain I was
the other night I was having a I was
eating alone and this guy came up to me
and he he whispered are you waiting for
your husband and I was like yes
I you him I've been waiting for a very
long time my friends back home they used
to help me you know that try to that try
to hook me up that call me with leads
you know they'd be like oh I know a
businessman he has three houses he loves
to travel and now as the years have gone
on I get these calls like hey my
mechanic just lost his hand and a
carburetor accident Ian how to do
bandages housings included that's all
right yeah
I think the biggest thing for me is that
uh you know what I feel like I'm not a
man-hater I like men I feel like if men
want pets I would have one I might even
have two or three of them
I feel like I'm the type of woman who
would move to the country
so my men would have more room to run
around
you know I'm selfless like that I just
think that guys can be stupid I had a
guy come up to it me after a show and he
goes I'm really into chubby chicks and I
was like Oh too bad I'm not into honest
guys we would have had a really nice
relationship ahead of us you and I it's
hard to tell when you I mean you don't
know when you went with someone stupid
as I go as adults as kids we knew they
weren't a special class okay the krusty
knows you know they'd a stupid tell but
as an adult you can be involved with
someone for like six seven months before
you like oh you're an imbecile that's
why we're having so many problems so
from now on undone date one I'm like I
want to see a sixth grade report card
this stupids dancer-ly it doesn't get
much better from there this is one I
know I know that then I'm starting to
get a little nuts though because I was
on the subway recently rush hour packed
in like sardines and a couple next to me
stats making out the sun's still up now
it's like no it's like two three stomps
later they're rubbing each other up and
down grabbing each other's buttocks you
know finally I tapped the girl on the
shoulder I was like hey I'll take it
from here
[Applause]
you
speaking of health and wellness I was in
the DMV the other day uh-huh and I saw a
98 year old guy and I know it was 98
because I was eavesdropping on him and
he was first of all why do you still
have to go to the DMV at that age I feel
like when you're like 85 can't they
maybe give you a license and display
this is good enough yeah you've been
here so much
it's cruel to make this guy keep going
and dandy when can you have his forever
license so his great granddaughters are
pushing him around in his wheelchair he
could walk he was he just didn't feel
like walking and she was like no I've
been doing walking for 97 years I am
done and I get it but the best thing he
goes he goes girls did you mark me down
as a donor
oh that's a real old heart oh who tries
the short straw on that operation
Oh oh good goodness Bob we found you
hurt uh bad no you got two years to live
Wow but then the great granddaughter
they said grandpa you can't check the
box you already donated your body to the
University of Minnesota so like I get to
give it science you know but I hope it
was science and hope it wasn't like send
it to the English department when that's
your trade an English class what are we
doing today mr. Johnson well a dead body
came in how does it make you feel
[Music]
[Applause]
I go Starbucks a lot nothing special
about Starbucks but I hang out there a
lot and I've realized in doing that I
think having any job in any kind of job
interview at Starbucks that's got to be
the most depressing thing on the planet
cuz Starbucks is a rude company they
don't do the job interviews in the back
office like it for the company in the
world no they don't do that
the job and abused right in the cafe
2:00 p.m. so we can see the crushing
defeat and chillier that's going on at
that moment and like you feel bad from
cuz you know Starbucks wasn't their
first choice wasn't their 15th choice
it's our only choice at Starbucks you
know you know the getting asked
condescending questions like not on
purpose just like so do you have any
leadership skills no I don't look like
at Starbucks not sure if you saw that my
college graduate I'm here life ain't
happening all right well then now what
are your long-term goals do not work
here I want to go home right now this is
dumb and if you get the job you gotta
serve Starbucks customers of which 95%
are animals you know cuz you get some
[ __ ] lady who's like I asked for extra
phone with my latte it's like yeah well
I asked for a reasonable job and
respectable salary after I spent $80,000
on an English degree so you can go screw
yourself alright
regular will be fine you know if you're
a guy and you go to Starbucks a small
black coffee and leave alright some of
the stuff I see you order it's
embarrassing as a male myself like dudes
walking in and being like a Java chip
mocha no you won't let you won't because
a Java chip mocha comes with the tampon
naina vagina let's offer me thank you
guys
[Applause]
I just want to share something which I
did a movie called girls trip is coming
out July 21st it's starting Queen
Latifah Jada pinkett-smith Regina Hall
and me Tiffany Haddish and I'm super
excited about the movie because it shows
like sisterhood and how women can get
together and have a good time and enjoy
each other and we might have our ups and
downs but we always got each other back
especially for me and kind of [ __ ] some
[ __ ] up and there was a fun movie to
make we shot it in Louisiana we were in
the warnings for like three months and I
got to be around these rich powerful
women and I was still on ABC at the time
so I felt like maybe I don't belong here
but they hired me and I was like [ __ ]
you and I think it's because I had
checked it out the white woman and then
I needed a white one there for the role
and I ended up getting me and so
affirmative action works for me and I
had a like I'm a firm believer and never
having a bag that cost more than the
amount of money that you can keep in it
at all times
does that make sense - y'all like if I
got a $300 bag I should be able to keep
$300 in it at all times and I had me a
Michael Kors bag that I had got from
this process why me that was $35 so you
know wasn't a real Michael Kors bag it
had n caves all over but you had to look
real close and to see the ill and be
clean - in the cave but you had to look
look to see and I was out there chillin
with Jada and cleaning like pieces and
it was really hot we was in Louisiana
and it was like 79 degrees and like 6:00
in the morning and then we was sitting
out there talking into him went from
79th to like a thousand degrees what's
like a hundred and something in like 30
minutes
right because this morning's I think
that's what a devil had landed when he
got kicked out of heaven he landed right
there in the Worland and so that's why I
was so hot in the lock
my Michael Kors bag had melted all Amy
hit the ground we could hear it here it
was like TV and we all watched it bounce
away and I was embarrassed but I was
refused to show my embarrassment and not
just good bigger like this right and was
like here all country and they was like
looking at me and I was looking at them
when we looked at the lock and they look
back at me and all my direction and data
was like Jada Jada pinkett-smith okay
Will Smith I was like to see what kind
of bag is that I was like this girl just
a Martin Luther King bag everybody my
name is Marcela and I'm with the last
factory production crew if you like that
clip you just saw please like it and
also subscribe to our page if you're
social and you won't leave a comment do
that don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
that's gross man don't you know how they
make that and i'm like no
but i wish i would love to make this at
home like
you guys are fun man i love this job so
much i've not always had this job i used
to work as a substitute teacher
oh thanks all i had to do was graduate
high school so thank you
that was uh bars lou
it's a tough job for me it was tough
because of roll call
there's so many names that are spelled
weird you're gonna say i'm wrong like
my first day i'm in a classroom i'm
doing role i'm going down a list i'm
looking at names
i say the name desiree because that's
what it looks like i go desiree
and this girl corrects me she's like no
it's pronounced
desire
yeah i'm not calling you that for so
many reasons i'm not calling you that
so now i start overthinking over
pronouncing names i'm looking down the
list i'm like uh
is there a payday here where's paytay
there's paytay and this kid's like
dude it's pete
idiot
there's a name going around that i never
had but i hope to god it's a real name
ladasha the way ladasha is spelled
is l a hyphen a
i didn't know we could do that um
we could do symbols spell names um i
think that's kind of awesome
if i have kids i'm gonna totally do the
same thing
like yeah these are my sons a hashtag
and poop emoji
[Music]
dude it's fun man a lot of traveling
with this job too man
um gosh and just when you travel it's
just easy to eat fast food but
i would eat fast food if i wasn't
traveling because fast food is the best
food
um taco bell is the best thing ever
where's my taco bell yes
love it thank you i i love it i just
don't know what to do with it
when people try to ruin it for you like
the healthy people like when you eat it
in front of them
they're always like that's gross man
don't you know how they make that
and i'm like no but i wish i would love
to make this at home like
save more money
i've got these friends they know i like
they make their own food they're weird
man um
they know i love the quesadilla at taco
bell and they're always like lee
we can make you a quesadilla that's
better than taco bell
and i'm like yeah but can i come to your
house at 2 am and get it
is that what you want me to drive to
your house to your window yell for food
at 1am
i'll do it and
they try to gross you out with the
nutrition facts like we care
like but the meat they use it's a great
c meat it's grade c
and i'm like you know what i was a c
student too
that is a passing grade we're doing just
fine
and
we get by on seas we're good i was into
one taco bell once before i could order
the guy at the counter he stopped me
he's like dude i just gotta let you know
something
um the meat pump is broken
the meat pump is that what you call your
toilet like
oh no we're at taco bell that makes
sense like
and that's the other stereotype i don't
care for that they always give on taco
bell oh
taco bell makes you poop makes you go to
the bathroom i'm like what food doesn't
make you go to the bathroom
[Laughter]
when's the ever anything to brag about
but yeah i went to a vegan place last
month still hadn't pooped
[Music]
uh i always like to start off shows with
announcements and i've got a cool one
i'm just
i'm excited about it because it took
about 10 years
but i finally paid off my student loans
thank you thank you
thank you i took one class
i went long enough to get a facebook
account and quit that's pretty much how
long i went
that's actually some bad news i've got
with facebook i did get
unfriended recently um normally it's not
a big deal if you get unfriended
because you probably won't see that
person ever again right
but this is my roommates
it's a little weird i'm like mom why did
you unfriend me
is that cool i don't know man facebook
it's gotten
it's gotten weird like really weird in
the last 10 years it's gotten like
really weird i don't know it's gotten me
thinking like
here's what i think about i think it's
turned into florida i think facebook is
a lot like florida
because it started out as a place for
college kids to go and have fun
and then the old people came in and took
over
i didn't even know you could misspell
lol until they got on there
like taking selfies with the zoom all
the way in
commenting on things they're not
supposed to comment on
i had a birthday last year i woke up to
like 300 notifications
on my facebook about 100 of those were
from my friends wishing me happy
birthday
the other 200 were from my dad
commenting on every post
thanks for saying happy birthday to my
son
that's not how it works like
i see like i'm 33 most of my friends at
this age they have kids
and they'll post pictures of their kids
a lot of pictures
that's fine do whatever you want but we
got to draw the line somewhere
and i think that line is at the bathtub
photos
i'm seeing naked babies all over the
place baby butts are popping up on the
facebook wall
do they want people to like that photo
do they want me to like that photo
i'm a 33 year old man with no kids if
i'm liking baby butt photos i'm going to
jail
yeah i don't know i'm just not used to
that because growing up we didn't take
pictures like we didn't have a camera
like there's pictures in our house of me
as a kid
but they didn't come from us they came
from school
they were the yearbook photos the ones
that said proof
hey that's fun
yeah i i did do the millennial thing in
my 30s i did move back home
um but i don't rely on my parents like i
have my own netflix account it's fine
so doing okay
and it doesn't make dating tough i'll
tell you like
so if i'm dating a girl i don't tell her
i'm living at home i tell her i'm
staying at an
airbnb with an older couple that happens
to just look like me
and they might call me son and they
might have pictures that say proof but
that does not mean they're an appearance
and another thing about myself guys
i don't make a lot of good decisions i
really don't
like uh there was this one time i got a
text message
and it was from the wrong number and the
text message said
hey babe can you pick up the kids after
school
i probably should have texted back wrong
number
but instead i texted yes
they text back right away they're like
thanks you're the best
i text back i know
and then this time they text again this
time they say i love you
and i'm too far in so i'm like i love
you too
look guys i know i need to tell them
this is a wrong number
but i've also never done this good in a
relationship before
like i don't know the last time i said i
love you to anybody
and now i'm saying it as a fake husband
or wife i don't even know which one i am
right now
um but it's almost time to pick up these
kids so i need to say something so i
finally do
um i text back i'm like hey this is the
wrong number
this turned into a joke and this clearly
got out of hand
i'm sorry i'm a terrible person do you
want me to pick up your kids
and they said yes so uh
but that's that's my life i'm constantly
saying really dumb stuff getting myself
in trouble
all the time like there was this other
time i was at a starbucks
girl working the counter had an amazing
british accent and she was cute
and i love british accents and i wanted
to tell her and i walked her to the
counter i'm like ma'am
i love that accent like what part of
england are you from
and she goes this is not a british
accent this is a speech impediment
it's like so is that near england or i
don't know
they kicked me out i can't go back there
anymore so
yeah 33 i don't i feel like at 33 i
should like eat nicer food
like in more ethnic food like indian
food um
i don't do indian food because i don't
think indian food wants to be in your
body
[Laughter]
[Music]
well what's once indian food once he
gets in your body he's all like i gotta
go
he freaks out he panics it's the only
food with social anxiety disorder
and then it's got ocd because it cleans
everything up on the way out am i good
i don't dress like a 33 year old um
normally i'm wearing some sort of random
t-shirt from like a school i've never
gone to
before um like i was wearing this shirt
from harvard university never went and
i'm out in public and i see like this
guy sees me in that shirt and he comes
up to me he's really excited he's like
dude
i love that shirt i went to harvard did
you go i'm like no
i went to goodwill
thank you for donating it man i
appreciate it you know it's like
all right where's my goodwill shoppers
guys goodwill shoppers yes
love it that's an awesome place did you
guys know they have a twitter account
it's amazing they tweet out all sorts of
cool stuff motivational stuff
like i saw this one tweet it was uh if
you don't use it
give it to goodwill and then someone
replied underneath it
did you take college degrees
they don't by the way they don't take
them
oh gosh so he shot the goodwill we
obviously know the smell of goodwill
it's like walmart farted
[Laughter]
and donated it so
um i don't know
[Music]
i think i know why it smells that bad
too by the way it's got to be the
underwear
they so used underwear at goodwill um
i don't know about you guys but if my
only option was to buy used underwear
i'm not wearing underwear
it's gonna live free man
yeah but it might smell bad they might
sell used underwear
we don't care we're still gonna go it's
too awesome of a place to not shop there
they have too many awesome they have
couches
i bought a couch at goodwill for 20
bucks i brought it home i found five
dollars in the couch cushion
[Applause]
rebate
yeah that's nice dude
i'm a single guy um i've been single for
a while and it got me thinking about the
very first girlfriend i had back in high
school
and the way she broke up with me and the
way she broke up with me was aol
email yeah
that one sucked because you read the
email get your heart broken
close out and you still have to hear
that voice goodbye
stay out of this aol
hmm
most of my friends like they're all
married now and they will try to set me
up and they give the same sales pitch
every time so i was hey guess what we
found someone for you
you know what that really means it means
hey she's single
and you get to find out why
[Applause]
sucks the other brilliant idea they have
to try to set me up if we're out in
public and they see a girl that's by
herself
they nudge me to make sure i see the
girl like hey look buddy there's a girl
over there
like yeah that's why i've been single
for 10 years i forgot what a girl looks
like thanks dude dude
and at this age in your 30s if you're
single you will do the online dating
we've all done it
i've gone through all of them i've done
tinder i've done bumble and ancestry.com
yeah the last one was not a dating site
i found that out after i paid that
wasn't cool
on these dating profiles at least for
girls i've seen hiking on
every girl's profile hiking is all over
the place one girl
was even like i love hiking so much my
perfect first date
would be on a hike yeah that's a great
place to meet a stranger for the first
time the woods
[Music]
is your bad cell signal too good i
really want this to work out
and see i go to church and if you're
single and you go to church
you hear the dumbest advice ever it's
always hey it's okay being single being
single is a gift from
the lord i'm like i don't want it
it sucks give it to goodwill
can we re-gift it because i want to give
it to that guy he's dating a girl i
wanna date give it to him for a second
yeah grew up in church still a christian
um i'll be the first to tell you we're
pretty weird people
um it's true we're pretty weird i just
i just remember like being in youth
group for instance and we had these
t-shirts that said
satan is a nerd
because because back then nerds were
lame and easy to pick on we didn't like
them
but now nerds are cool so if they made
that shirt now it would say something
like
satan buys organic
[Music]
[Applause]
and or satan has a man bun i don't know
i grew up southern baptist and uh the
thing about southern baptist what we're
known for is
food we do a lot of cookouts a lot of
potlucks it's awesome
i remember being going to one when i was
in college and with my buddies
we're outside hanging out and i go by
myself for a few minutes
a random dog walks up to me and i love
dogs so i start pet the dog
then the dog rolls over i start rubbing
the dog's belly then the dog pees on my
hand
and runs away and i wasn't even mad
and that just tells me i love dogs way
more than people
[Laughter]
because if a human had came up to me
i started rubbing his belly
telling him he's a good boy and then he
peed on my hands
i'd be mad but confused how did i let it
get that far
like
so i gotta go inside and wash my hands
and i'm walking by i'm avoiding
everybody
i walk by the pastor now the pastor is
an old school guy he will shake your
hand if he sees you
it gets worse
i try to avoid him i wave i'm like hey
and then he pulls me in
he's like you're not giving away that
easily he pulls me in and shakes my hand
harder than it's ever been shaked
and i didn't say anything
why probably because i never said the
words hey a dog peed on my hand don't
shake it in my life
i'm not going to get it right on the
first day dudes
so now i go inside i wash my hands to
come back out
now the pastor shaking hands with all of
my buddies
i still didn't say anything um
now it's time to pray over the foods now
everybody's holding hands
and i stopped going to that shirts
because those guys are gross
[Applause]
unreal i can't believe it you know just
man i'm an only child uh anybody else
awesome i felt risky asking that in utah
but you know
just gotta go with it was it was it
weird for you
yeah yeah it was weird for me too i had
bunk beds
i was an only shot with bunk beds that's
how you create a serial killer
just give them issues early on make them
think someone's coming over they never
do it'll mess with them for the rest of
his life
ah they got me bunk beds because they
thought it would motivate me to make
friends and have sleepovers but
if you go to school the next day and
tell kids you have a bed
just for them
[Laughter]
you're the school creep man no one's
coming over like
gosh my mom she would ask questions like
there were other kids in the house
it was weird like hey buddy who forgot
to clean your room
hey mom i'm the only kid in this house
if anybody forgot to clean my room it's
you
[Applause]
also i'm 33 can you quit asking i'm not
gonna do it
so being an only child with all siblings
to fight with you know so i got picked
on
a lot at school so my parents signed me
up for karate class which i was super
excited about first day in karate class
i show up and they just tell everybody
that we're gonna spar they just say pick
somebody you're gonna spar
they paired me up with a kid who's the
same age black belt
i just got there no belt
and they just say go i don't know what
i'm doing this kid starts spin kicking
elbowing tagging me in the face
i got so frustrated i just punched him
in the chin and knocked him out
and i learned a couple of things one i
don't think that kid should have been a
black belt i feel like he would have saw
that coming
number two my parents might be older but
they act the same age as me because they
cheered when it happens
they were proud like the instructor
karate instructor
not happy about it he walks over to my
parents he's like yeah your kid knocked
out one of our kids you have anything
you want to say about that
and they were like yeah our kid doesn't
need karate lessons
let's let him be a bully he can punch
that's great
dude but they are older you know but
they do act the same age as me like when
i was a kid
like there was this other time they
helped me cheat
at bible trivia
wish i was making that up that's real
life um
it was kids night at church and it was
bible trivia
and every quick answer you got you would
get a dollar in cash
and my parents wanted in on that action
so they hide in the back after every
question i will go over
my dad mouths the word to the correct
answer i raise my hand say the correct
answer
boom get a dollar i'm at like 10 at this
point i'm crushing it i'm looking like a
young billy graham it's amazing
i got caught when i the answer was the
book of numbers
i thought my dad said lumbers
in case you're unaware lumbers is not a
book in the bible
so i say i say that it's the wrong
answer i get busted the teacher kind of
figures it out
she pulls me aside she's like were you
cheating
and guys i might cheat in church but i'm
not gonna lie there's a big difference
okay
i was like yeah i was cheating but my
parents were helping me i look over
they're gone
they went home they called my house
they're like yeah you left the sun here
like we don't have a son
like no you have a kid no we don't get
no we heart in yourself we don't have a
son
they denied me three times which is a
little messed up guys
little sacrilegious i'm just saying
uh i joked about it earlier
with school but i really did go to
college i finished college
i was the first guy in my family to
graduate college so that was cool
thank you yo awesome
but here's how i did it um the school i
went to was pretty easy
you could take some very easy classes
like for a pe credit
you could take walking
online
i told that joke at a show two weeks ago
the uh in the front row took that class
gotta be
forgot to study dude
yeah i joke a lot about my parents but
before i went to school
they made sure i had a car before i went
which is awesome um
do you remember your first car it was a
van
that's the best that's the best thing to
have in high school as a van
dude that's awesome i wish i had that
because here's what my parents got me
it was a 1989 chevrolet corsica
and that's the right reaction because i
didn't know what that thing was either
pretty sure they got it from goodwill if
i you know
i found out the word corsica is a french
word
which makes sense because that car acted
french it smoked
all the time
the course came in one color only one
color tan
outside of a tan inside of it was tan i
was driving a pair of dad pants around
it's not pretty like a car like that
you're not gonna get dates with that car
i had one date with that car and that
was a court date
like i got in trouble with cops but not
for speeding
the car was too slow to get pulled over
for speeding that car was so slow
i got pulled over by a bicycle cop
for 10 minutes i didn't know i was
getting pulled over it was some guy
tapping on my window he got rid of the
bike he's just doing this
and i don't know how you talk to a
bicycle cop either
i was he was asking all the cop
questions like do you know why i pulled
you over
i'm like because i let you
know i kept i kept smarting off and
here's what i learned
you can talk back to a bicycle cop it's
fine
you can't get arrested they have nowhere
to put you
[Laughter]
what's he gonna make you do stand on the
spokes hold on to his love handles as
you ride the station
yeah that's exactly what he did
you guys have been amazing my name's lee
hardin thank you so much
I married a comic ya know I know
to comedian so much depression so little
time
how do you do it we don't we never do it
oh he's wonderful but I think it's so
funny I under a lot of married folks in
here all right so you'll get this and
then you tell the others ah you would
never marry who you think you're going
to marry and he's wonderful but in
junior high girls have these lists that
should make you know who you're going to
marry and yeah Tim he doesn't play the
piano or drive the ship
I was Brenda only two things I met I was
being open-minded uh-huh because when
you're young you think you know how
romance works right but that's not how
romance words how romance works is you
meet somebody you're tired so you get
married
yeah we're we're lucky it worked out
great for us right but all you think you
know everything about romance when like
I thought I did because my mom had
stacks with those Harlequin romance
paperback yeah it was like a red-light
district down at the end of the hallway
and no teenage girl should ever read a
romance novel because it sets you up for
a lifetime of disappointment it does
yeah but your husband doesn't understand
that in order for romance to happen one
iya has to be out on the Prairie yeah
maybe doing some farm chores okay
maybe you're washing clothes on one of
those wrigley boards then you're wearing
your best peasant dress and you're just
working and you're washing and you're
washing and you're wanting you're a
pirate how did he get it here yeah and
this novel takes place in Kansas and
that's a landlocked state so
I killed us in LA thank you for saying
that I appreciate you saying that that
dress came back four times it came out
like 30 L it was on the red carpet II
came to the US actually that's fine
[ __ ] times because it shows that
the MC and if they took pictures in my
bedroom you see me dance around like a
little bit I mean my full four thousand
dollars worth probably like I'm a
princess
[Applause]
and my only female that does that like
you pull out your favorite I see and you
just put it on just cuz you feelin like
putting on something cute knowing you
don't got nowhere to go you just be like
[ __ ] you know I look pretty right now
anyway maybe like let me take this off
are getting sweaty I'm a second for that
sometimes I like to put like I got a few
outfits from high school and I'm
definitely about 40 pounds heavier than
I was in high school but when I'm able
to put them jeans on even on my [ __ ]
look like it's about the bus stop
tonight I'm proud of myself but you got
to remember I went to school in 1900 so
everything was bad
[Music]
we've had them jeans with the whale tail
the thong be hanging out the back if you
like I'm sending you a four-page okay
now they're pants the skinny jeans damn
sure had that big ass flannel shirt
middle east where the flannel shirts
with the little tank top underneath got
a little half tank where your stomach's
show you gots a little belly button man
you'd be like eating all my belly ring
looked like another navel just tended
not to belly buttons each yeah I'm
skinny fat skinny feet like I'm skinny
but it's still secondly I hate that [ __ ]
I'll be on YouTube trying to figure out
how did you get rid of these little
critters like it ain't bad but it to me
is bad cuz I remember when my [ __ ] was
smooth and then I like it here is my
grandma boys my grandma used to be like
doesn't mind my mind since that she'd be
like squeeze your booty cheeks together
and turn around and look back that's
what y'all is gonna look like when you
don't squeeze
by the time you turn 35 nice to look
nice by us ripoli indeed and damn I turn
21 for the 14th time and I look back and
I was her squeeze and I was like what
the [ __ ] I made my grandmother start
lying on me more it's the truck so I
started doing the body brush they say
book do body brush the circulation you
know help with your lymphatic system and
they help to break up the sadly I mean
you gotta squeeze and stuff I mean if
you can get like a man to squeeze your
thighs and your booty cheeks and help
that's a [ __ ] line my legs look
all scratched up some [ __ ] brushing
my legs with a dry ass brush look like
I've been walked it through with
[ __ ] rose bush its Ripley ants
crashed [ __ ] up CD back here
[Laughter]
[Music]
it was real romantic um when my husband
proposed to me to because he came over
and I was sleeping and he goes good off
were they even in 15 minutes like oh no
he must need me to help him lift a couch
or something you know why I go out to a
truck huh and I look at it there's no
couch in there but get in there's a real
nice piece of cheese on the seat notnot
cool or nothing else just a piece of
cheese and I got very suspicious because
we never buy cheeses with words from
other languages in it you know yeah
Sargento
mom nervous already and we take off
going down the highway and he pulls over
at a rest stop uh-huh you know this is
going yeah cuz ever since I've been a
little girl I've been like please God
please let somebody asked me to Miriam
had a rest stop please repeat this a
little bit Hector Labor Day so that all
the porta-potties are overflowing I
smell is the strongest memories can
you'll never forget that oh you won't
ever you'll remember the day
I got my my flat shoes on because I'm on
heel probation any heel wear everything
here who loves to wear the high heels
ladies stilettos okay that's only six
let me even out the room who used to
like their high heels but now you're
amazing and you feel okay that we
go okay I love my heels guys but I
fought a lot which is like an oxymoron I
get it I get it
one day I decided I wanted to roleplay
for my husband so I put on my six-inch
thigh high stiletto boots the bad
mother-- ones the cute little trench
coat that goes with it that wig with
that strap in the back ladies you know
what I wanted to make sure it doesn't
fall off I showed up at my husband's job
my husband works for the railroad I
walked into the job looking like a
goddamn storm trooper and I say I'm here
to pick up my husband my husband comes
from the back all this coworkers are
standing out there looking like jsr Mimi
and I don't know what the wrong
with them
my husband is so excited he out he
goes out the door goes down the stairs
goes to the car I'm trying to be a sexy
ass so I tell his friends all right boys
I'll see you guys next time and sashay
my ass out the door down the stairs but
I didn't see the crack in the third
goddamn stair and the heel got caught
and then I fell down the other 17 stairs
exactly I got down to the bottom of the
stairs that wig had jumped off my head
like I'm not taking this fall with
you I got down to the bottom of the
stairs I feel with any woman in this
audience with any kind of dignity left
their mother came down them
stairs and picked me up
dust the rocks off one of the guys took
my wig popped it in front of my coat
cause he couldn't figure out how to get
it back on my head now I'm walking
around look like Papa Smurf what set it
off words my husband is standing at the
car look at me looking at me and disgust
and the only thing he said on the ride
home he just kept looking over at me and
said your big ass too old to be going
all this time father
and my name is Corey
[Applause]
[Music]
my husband does happen to be white he is
a white man
i say it like that because it sounds
exotic
he's from a long line of mesquite texas
whites
whites the finest whites in all the
world
yeah he happens to be white it's not a
big deal it doesn't really matter that
much i don't know every now and then i
do get
weird reactions sometimes from black men
they'll be kind of odd about it like
they'll come up to me and be like
man i just don't understand i mean i
just don't get it queen
and i'm like don't call me a queen i
have a pocket full of barbecue sauce do
not call me queer
i make a lot of mistakes like i just
don't understand
why you wouldn't love yourself enough to
be with a brother i don't understand why
you want to be with a white man
and i'm like i'm with him because he
loves me
because he understands me and because he
bought me a beer three years ago
that's how that works my love was two
dollars on tuesday where were you
you know all these problems could have
been yours
where were you he's great i love him
it's uh it is funny being an interracial
couple because we get asked like weird
questions and odd things came up
like sometimes like holidays are a
little weird halloween is awkward
because there's just not a lot of great
interracial
couple halloween costumes i decided to
ask the hive mind and i put it on
facebook i was like hey guys what should
we be for halloween
and every single answer was food related
i was so annoyed
i was so annoyed one of my friends this
is great she private messaged me because
she was like this is a good one
this is a good way you're going to want
to do this when i was like okay and then
she's just like i got it
y'all should be a s'mores
now that's a ridiculous costume because
the only way it works is if we
just never leave each other's side and
walk crotch to crotch
all over this party because if we
separate for a second then he's just a
cracker at a party and then why
[Laughter]
[Music]
thank you drive bar i flew for that
i haven't been married long enough to
give advice but i already like doing it
one of my friends was like
i couldn't wait that was all i ever
wanted
i love giving advice one of my friends
was like what did you do to find the one
and i was like well
have you tried settling
have you settled today
not on the big stuff you know you should
be compatible you should believe the
same you love the same but
little stuff like i just have all these
crazy deal breakers like i thought i
would never
ever date a guy that wears cargo shorts
and my husband is now my purse and
that's okay
i just put like lip gloss in one pocket
and keys in the other
i keep him by my side he's my personal
item on the plane he's not
going anywhere it's fine i don't mind i
don't mind
some of my friends too the younger ones
they'll be like oh i'm dating this guy
and
he's not texting me back and he's
playing games and like send me a picture
but before they send the picture i
already know what the problem is
every time they send me this picture i
look called it
they have a full head of hair
that is the number one indicator that a
man is not ready to commit is a full
head of hair
i just i i just think that men need to
experience
loss to understand love
doesn't have to be the whole head just a
little bit
look i don't just one day they're just
looking in the mirror and they catch a
little extra temple and they're just
like
oh
i should probably stop cheating like it
just catches them
time to be a good husband like it just
catches them and they're ready that's
how you know
bald men just love you more that's all
you know
we had the best honeymoon ever we went
to the most magical place in the world
disney world yay
only the women clapped
that happens every time why because
women are like oh my god disney world
it's so
like magical oh my gosh disney world
that's so fun i love it
but here's the thing men hear that
they're like oh she's crazy crazy
because they're just imagining this guy
just being dragged through disney world
like what is this
i'm not gonna lie my husband loved it he
wanted to go he's always wanted to go
but he couldn't go by himself he's a
straight white man
that is the see something you say
something about all right
you just see a white dude by himself at
disney you're like call somebody
are they can they just sell one ticket
like that
he's reaching in his poc what is he is
that a phone i don't trust him
they don't trust him so we had a great
time at disney world just
skipping around it was wonderful
everything was great you know
it is funny because sometimes as an
interracial couple i still think like
are we going to have any
weird moments is anything going to be
uncomfortable because i know it's disney
but it's still florida
you know nothing weird happened
everybody's happy everyone's good
i did learn a lot about my white husband
though
i learned something and i'm not gonna
lie you know if i had been given an
option
if he if if there were other models i
maybe would have gone a different
direction learn me out
i still love him but like no one
told me you have to reapply sunscreen
i didn't know that why are y'all so
flammable why doesn't anybody
nobody talks about this there's no book
know what to expect when you're
expecting to marry a white guy it's not
it's not on any shelves and if somebody
had told me like
they're always on fire like you have to
don't skip the ears you'll ruin your
whole honeymoon
if someone had told me that i would have
been prepared but i was not
and he was just simmering all weekend
disney was a lot of fun i got a lot of
flack from that from my friends they
were like why would you go to disney
world
it's your honeymoon don't you want to
see the world i was like epcot is the
world
when was the last time you had churros
and orange chicken at the same time okay
so great there's so many great things to
do there my favorite part was um
disney's fake africa that was definitely
my favorite
i think it's actually called animal
kingdom but i just like calling it fake
africa
that's it's a lot of fun it's a really
cool park
and one thing that actually is great
they do like show a lot of respect to
the different
like the different nations the different
nationalities so they have people
representing those groups there
and everyone's just so welcoming and
nice
i remember we went into this restaurant
and my husband stepped away for a second
to go to the bathroom and i checked in
by myself
and this beautiful man i mean he looked
like the guy who plays black panther
this beautiful nigerian man was like
welcome home queen
[Music]
and i was like suddenly i'm okay with
this
queen you say and he's like right this
way
we'll make sure you're taken care of you
know this is a terrible accent please
forgive me so he's like right this way
we'll make sure you're taken care of
and then all of a sudden my husband
walks in and his lion king t-shirt
with cargo shorts
and a sunburn on his bald spot
is the table ready now listen t'challa
was like
it'll be a wait is this your king
thank you guys so much
you
oh yeah that's what I did I'm glad to be
on the road I'm having some problems at
home I don't mean problems I have right
now a situation I'm dealing with
there is a raccoon living in my chimney
I'm totally serious we can't get him to
leave
you know how I discovered it this is the
worst way to discover it I heard a noise
in my chimney and so I stuck my dumb
head in there and he took one of his
tiny demon hands grandma knows they have
human hands
I thought it was a tiny demon like
you're coming with me like I thought
it's a chimney I was like oh no like it
was a bad situation he screamed in my
face I was awful and so I I like I know
what you're thinking right now you're
just thinking why don't you just light a
fire right I can't every time I stick a
match in there he goes that's it
horrible so I call animal control and
like hey I have a raccoon you guys need
to come and get it and the lady goes we
can't come get a raccoon lists are
injured yeah and I was like well how do
you injure a raccoon like just you have
a manual leg another way is it emotional
just do that like just emotional that I
know
that I got right and she goes you if you
injure that I have to call the police
that is animal cruelty and I'm like you
told me to do it I didn't want to do it
you told me to I'm told me to right
so she goes with what you can do she
goes this guy's already dying it's
already it's all good good she she goes
what you can do is she goes if you they
don't like loud music like music a lot
of bass she goes so if you blast music
it'll make them leave something okay
fine so I just all day I'm just blasting
like EDM and rap just loud obnoxious
music my neighbors are looking at the
windows open like you know what's going
on there's a raccoon like the world's
weirdest neighbor and he doesn't leave
he doesn't leave so I called back call
back
tell Animal Control I'm like I need to
get rid of this raccoon and she goes
okay she goes what you can try she goes
if you attract another raccoon she goes
they'll fight and it'll be disputed
territory and they'll both leave so I'm
like alright I think bring in another
raccoon of the situation is a perfect
idea
like it can't get any worse so I did I
attract a raccoon I'm like I'm like what
do they like to eat and I was like what
do I like to eat like I think we eat the
same thing as I have a suspicion so I
just leave a trail of like Cheetos and
Papa John's just up to my chimney right
and it happens one that it happens it's
like late at night I hear those rustling
there's critters raccoon strains it's
crazy right and so I go the next day
like I did it and I look and now there
is a bigger raccoon living in my chimney
I have a raccoon gamla we're just the
stronger ones like I'm staying like
that's what's happening in two weeks I'm
gonna have a human-sized raccoon in my
kitchen like who's next
let's get the move
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
my parents have married a long time
they've been married for 41 years yeah
41 years has anyone been married that
long here really how 40 years 42 you
said almost your kin are you counting
backwards you're 40 Wow what's the
secret to a happy marriage any ideas
I'll second that I'll second that Maya
my theory about happy marriages is that
I think they last the longest when the
men almost never speak because they
usually say the wrong thing you know
it's usually not right and I feel like I
feel like if they don't speak we'll just
assume they're thinking the right thing
you know we'll just assume so my parents
have married a long time and I think
it's because partially because my dad
almost never talks and my mom does all
the talking and part of it is I think my
dad just can't leave my mom because he's
in a wheelchair I mean he loves her but
where is he going
realistically right where is he gonna go
didn't see that coming I know you guys
are like do we laugh at that we're not
sure we don't know he yeah he's that he
he likes jokes about him so you're fine
to laugh
he has a mass denotes a neurological
disease and found out they had an MS
Walk I thought it was quite
disrespectful so I went on it you know
to find out what all the fuss is about
just thousands of people showing off
what they can do just so rude my dad
doesn't like that joke but I was like
sorry dad but when I have an idea I run
with it
like some people I know
you're just gonna have to roll with it
[Music]
[Applause]
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app download it now to watch my
whole special
I'm not a political person really I'm
not into politics I mean all I really
know is that black people we still don't
[ __ ] with Omarosa
[Laughter]
we are not buying a vision book but I'm
not into politics right that's not my
thing but I March you know no see the
[ __ ] just trying to be on trend so so
I'm marching I'm marching and like this
year I did the women's March and it was
so great like was my first time marching
and I learned so much like there's so
many things you need to know if you
didn't grow up in the era of marching
okay like first of all when you go on to
March it's very much like this audience
mostly white people and I went thinking
oh this is gonna mean a man not so much
and it's so exciting you know what I'm
saying and why is it mostly white people
because what are we doing marching and
how else are your white people gonna
solve world problems but with cardio
[Applause]
here's another thing I love I love about
like people I love you guys you all will
take everything and monetize that [ __ ]
and I'm saying some chick in the women's
March was like whoo [ __ ] hat
really I got a [ __ ] I don't know where
that [ __ ] on my head and why am I paying
you $20 for that what are you talking
about and for the black people in the
audience here's a tip for you there are
old white women name like Bertha they
have snacks they have water they're
totally not racist anymore they're cool
and you can't just be cute at the March
you don't say you have to have a [ __ ]
sign okay hey I didn't know that so I
got there's this little taller with the
sign that says I like naps but I stay
woke he couldn't even read or write so I
snatched that [ __ ] but here was the
problem I had with marching in LA it was
high noon okay we're getting downtown
we're down there we're getting our march
on and then these two young white holes
are gonna just rip off their t-shirts it
is flying it starts streaking down the
street what exactly these titties
weren't ready to be that [ __ ] free
why didn't you tell me why didn't you
post why don't you tweet why'd you let
us to know cuz these are not new non
titties
[Applause]
okay there's a late-night reagan last
call type of [ __ ] titties
so the next time for my next March I'm
going to the District of Columbia I'm
going to the nation's capital yes cuz
they wear coats there alright thank you
guys so much I'm here
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a beautiful audience honestly I
wish I could say the same for myself my
confidence has been a bit low just body
image wise lifestyle wives really you
know but at the end of the day when I
look at myself in the mirror there's
really no one left to blame except
Barbie okay [ __ ] that [ __ ] [ __ ] that
[ __ ]
okay expectations were high at such a
young age right that was [ __ ] a
wedding dress Barbie popstar Barbie
mermaid Barbie okay I'm never gonna be
half fish that's not happening like it's
unrealistic for girls you know I want to
see lap band Barbie before and after you
know tax return wasn't as much as I
expected Barbie just get on my level
hit me with DUI Barbie
you know something so relate to for once
in my life
tiny little breathalyzer sold separately
it's adorable
okay I'm going straight to shark tank
after this I'm pitching it to make some
money
yeah Barbie was never a role model for
me okay my mom was give it up for the
mothers in the world
yes single mother for the most part okay
my parents got divorced when they were
young raising hands anyone have divorced
parents okay this is like a nice little
support group for broken homes welcome
you are not alone yeah my dad had
another woman okay believe it or not
Asian dads are very capable of some
trifling [ __ ] okay I think if it didn't
affect me when I was young cuz I didn't
get it you know but as I got older the
more I realized how don't my mom is like
my mom is the [ __ ] okay
my mom is the Chinese Beyonce you don't
cheat on the Chinese Beyonce okay she on
the Chinese Beyonce she will lemonade
your ass she will drop green tea the
visual album
and put you on blast you know in the
music video with the baseball bat hold
up they don't love you like I love you
slow down they don't love you like I
love you that's a Vietnamese accent but
you don't know the difference yeah my
dad [ __ ] up he [ __ ] up you know he
better go up a key with the good
dumplings ah you were thinking it we're
all thinking it
I think I'm gonna change my name's a
yellow ivy you know it's never too late
to rebrand
[Applause]
[Music]
you ever see two teenage guys try to
talk to each other on the phone they're
like this hey
sup
going
later but you put too many teenage girls
on the phone it's like oh my gosh cindy
i haven't talked to you in so long it's
been like 10 minutes and so much has
happened i went to the mall and i got
this really cool blue skirt and i was
like all excited except for when i got
home i realized i should have never got
blue because ever since mark and i broke
up i've been feeling so depressed and
blue is the color of depression so
that's why i was thinking like i should
have never got blue because you make me
feel depressed and i still really like
bars
I'm happy to be here I feel some of you
are like okay what's going on with this
guy you know are we at a show or are we
being robbed you know you are at a show
but you might also be getting robbed
time will tell
okay I let's talk about me for a moment
we'll start with some basics I live
across the street from a 7-eleven all
right
it's not funny yet but okay cool I I
drink a lot of Mountain Dew okay it's
like my only vice I drink a lot of
Mountain Dew I'm in that 7-eleven
constantly drinking Mountain Dew okay
getting refills I mean they're so often
that everyone who works in that 7-eleven
they have a nickname for me
when they see me they call me Mountain
Dew guy yeah do you guys know how much
Mountain Dew I have to drink not to have
the nickname throat tattoo guy it is a
lie
it's so much mountain do you guys it's a
lot it's okay for me to walk into
7-eleven and the guy to be like Mountain
Dew guy and the new guy who works would
it be like not throat or face tattoo guy
he drinks more Mountain Dew than the
fact that he ruined his life by
tattooing his face the guy's like yeah
what aren't you getting about this you
know yeah I also know it was a bad idea
to tattoo my face just so we're all on
the same page okay yeah yeah I uh when I
tattooed my face well I didn't when I
got my face tattooed when I got my face
tattooed I was like there will be
positives and there will be negatives
you know I want to be honest with you
guys it has been mostly negative so far
okay I can't even think of one positive
I'm gonna be real with you guys uh so
I'm here to make you laugh tonight but
I'm also here to say if some of you are
thinking about tattooing your face
probably don't okay I saw I saw some of
you come in and I don't think you could
handle it all right it's not could not
hack it it's it's rough out here all my
tattoos are real I shouldn't have to say
that but sometimes after shows I meet
people and they're like wow crazy man
you look crazy are those all real and I
have to be like what what are you
talking about right now of course
they're real what do you think I drew
all these on today I just wake up every
day and draw these on like what would I
stand to gain from drawing fake tattoos
on my throat and face I just wake up
every morning and I'm drawing them on
like you know what
I just want to old people to be afraid
of me
that's what I'm about you know I just
wake up every day and draw tattoos on my
fingers like I just want to struggle in
job interviews you know when one time
after a show lady comes up to me and
she's like don't be so hard on yourself
and I'm like thank you so much will you
give me a job and she was like it's nice
comeback I need work subscribe to drive
our comedy for even more of the world's
largest collection of clean comedy
I like my favorite is TLC you guys like
The Learning Channel
who's not the best where you can
you can learn about families
people too many kids
you see those the 19 Kids and Counting
show 19 how is that even at okay look
but it this way Animal Services won't
let you have but six cats how 19
it's so grow and you know that they do
it because they're these religious
people they're evangelical right so that
means that their religion doesn't allow
them to use reason or logic that's what
they have it's so could you imagine
being that poor broodmare of a woman and
just everyone a jimbob's but by
the way i say for the season finale the
we should cut jimbob's balls off
My father was a good looking guy.
That's the handsome part of me, 
is my father.
(audience laughing)
But he was a good looking guy 
and he's a jazz drummer,
his name is Bruno Carr.
And everybody assumed
that because of that
that I was going to be a singer.
But as I grew up, I did love music
like more than everybody, 
I have a heightened love of music
but I also watched 
how they do R&B artists,
especially females.
Like you have to be sort of sexy 
to be a singer.
Like you can be fat
when you first come out.
But if you want to be a big star,
the record companies make you do
everything to
hurry up and lose weight.
My favorite story is about
a woman named Kelly Price.
Kelly was a big woman.
I'd never heard of her before,
but I knew she was a big girl
because she said it in the song. 
She did. She said...
♪ See, I put my trust in him ♪
♪ I can't believe he slept ♪
♪ with her behind my back ♪
I said, Wow, that is a big back.
(audience laughing)
Imagine that, 
they're cheating on you right there.
(audience laughing)
But it's true. Okay. 
So here's another example.
Everybody knows Missy Elliott.
When Missy Elliott was fat, 
she was a happy woman.
She was so happy. 
She was laughing on her songs.
Like he he he he ha he he he he ha.
(audience laughing)
She had great lyrics. Like,
♪ I can't stand the rain ♪
♪ On my window ♪
Soon as they made her
lose all that weight
I could tell she lost her mind.
First album she made as a skinny girl.
I couldn't even 
understand her anymore.
These were the new lyrics,
the skinny lyrics.
♪ It's your (mumbles) ♪
♪ It's your (mumbles) ♪
(audience laughing)
It's your what?
(audience laughing)
But I knew there was
a message in the song.
I took it home. I slowed it down.
I listened carefully, all Missy's saying
right there is,
"Give me a little more of those yams."
(audience laughing)
Starving, don't nobody care. No, no.
(audience laughing)
And I sing all the time but
even though I've lost weight
I still don't want to do it like that.
I don't want to do it on a public forum.
I don't want people to see me.
I want to be like Siri.
Everybody knows me,
but never seen me.
You know, that kind.
(audience laughing)
As a matter of fact
I'm going to keep it on phone lines too.
I want to be a professional voicemail
recording artist, recording artist.
(audience laughing)
Is that a thing? 
Like I have a hit out right now.
Seriously. If you called my house, 
this is what you'd hear.
♪ First I was at home. ♪
♪ I didn't get a call ♪
(audience laughing)
♪ So I went to find someone ♪
♪ to talk to at the mall ♪
(audience laughing)
♪ If you'd like to leave a message ♪
♪ on my answering machine ♪
♪ I will call you when I'm back ♪
♪ Or when I wake, if I'm asleep ♪
♪ Go on now talk ♪
♪ After the beep ♪
♪ But don't ramble on now ♪
♪ 'Cause you've got ♪
♪ one minute to speak ♪
Beep.
(audience laughing)
I went shopping earlier I was in a CVS
you know just browsing around you know
what I noticed
yes I probably CVS don't you judgment if
I have to put you up on some gang now
listen
so what I discover in CVS they got home
tests for everything right Nick got
pregnancy tests HIV test DNA tests
that's all home drug test how does that
work I mean I'm pretty sure you know if
you want rose you're gonna be in the
sunlight I wonder if I'm a crackhead let
me just grab one of these and I'm gonna
find out
this lady outside a CVS she came up to
me she says excuse me miss do you have
an extra dollar what the hell got extra
doc
my god was in there count my money 19 20
21 21 oh hell no what is extra dollar
come come
honey what this one girl you can have it
now I hate when those extra dollars be
getting all in my way making my wallet
too tight
I don't even dignify with a response to
that dumb question I got money to just
be giving out to people this homeless me
I'm shaking a cup full of change in my
face I said now you're just showing up I
had to give me an EBT card I ain't even
a shame but I got to tell you the
government is petty do y'all know that
they don't let you buy hot food with the
EBT card yeah so I went to the deli
I ordered a sandwich the man gonna heat
it up so I tried to pay for with the EBT
card he time right you can't pay for
high food with this car I said so wait
till it cool off
[Applause]
I'll bougie out here now lady
everybody bougie y'all no homeless man
asked me to buy him a salad
y'all bombs is on diets and I know you
wondering like well did you get him
masala him no I gave him no salad hey
look horse like 17 dollars
I said sir bombs are supposed to beg for
a change you're supposed to save up
horse that can't be responsible for the
whole thing he got man he tried to
intimidate me he was like yo you're
gonna give me that sound that was a joke
back up off me son like I'm sorry y'all
homeless people running up on people
acting like god only ones that squeeze
yeah I mean think about it
who got bodies in the basement people
went home
that's philosophical instead of a salad
I gave him food for thought
I was watching precious she was doing an
interview talking about she Oh though
her success the hump brand because her
friend is the one who told her she
should audition for the role of precious
what kind of friend is that how do you
propose something like that to your
friend and was she meeting the casting
call that cast named the role our
precious precious is a big fat black
crop dusting based from the ghetto
girl you need to audition for the role
breast girl I know you get it they
described you to us hey I got a fat
friend she refused to eat in public I
said girl I think they know yeah my name
is Brooklyn Jones
[Applause]
[Music]
I I know that you know I've been
thinking a lot about getting married and
not so much like looking at venues
addresses but subtle things you know
like I'll fill out a legal form and I'll
say a single I'm married and I'll check
off single and then I write in but I can
explain I was the other night I was
having a I was eating alone and this guy
came up to me and he he whispered are
you waiting for your husband and I was
like yes I you him I've been waiting for
a very long time my friends back home
they used to help me you know to try to
that try to hook me up they'd call me
with leads you know they'd be like oh I
know a businessman he has three houses
he loves to travel and now as the years
have gone on I get these calls like hey
my mechanic just lost his hand and a
carburetor accident Ian how to do
bandages housings included that's all
right oh yeah I think the biggest thing
for me is that uh you know I feel like
I'm not a man-hater I like men I feel
like if men were pets I would have one
I might even have two or three of them
I feel like I'm the type of woman who
would move to the country so mine men
would have more room to run around
you know I'm selfless like that I just
think that guys can be stupid I had a
guy come up to it me after a show and he
goes I'm really into chubby chicks and I
was like Oh too bad I'm not into honest
guys we would have had a really nice
relationship ahead of us you and I it's
hard to tell when you I mean you don't
know when you went with someone stupid
as I guess adults as kids we knew they
weren't a special class are they the
crusty nose you know they'd a stupid
tell but as an adult you can be involved
with someone for like six seven months
before you like oh you're an imbecile
that's why we're having so many problems
so from now on undone date one I'm like
I want to see a sixth grade report got
this stupid stance early
it doesn't get much better from there
this is when I know that I know that
I've been I'm starting to get a little
nuts though because I was on the subway
recently rush hour packed in like
sardines and a couple next to me stats
making out the Sun still up now it's
like now it's like two three stomps
later they're rubbing each other up and
down grabbing each other's buttocks you
know finally I tapped the girl on the
shoulder I was like hey I'll take it
from here if you want to watch my
special for 99 cents click here if you
want to see more of my clips click here
like it just click it you got to click
something
eight years man like before we broke up
we both really wanted to have a
threesome you know we're like let's do
it well we were both really jealous so
we decided that our third person had to
be terminally ill it was only with you
guys not something that we catch it's a
fantasy not a death wish
you know girls have rules with
threesomes you guys they're like you
can't kiss the other girl or you can't
 the other girl that's crazy I don't
have any rules like that we just have to
kill her after and bond over where we
bury her we did this do you guys know
there's a thing called 'the Rinder do
you know about this mom okay I'm done
okay um it's like if you go on tinder
and you'd feel like these people are too
clean for me surrender is rude you know
it's where you find people to have
threesomes with yeah it should just be
called garbage can but um it's not as
catchy
[Music]
my name is Jade I'm a Japanese gem
that's not my parent Sangeeta but I'll
meet people all the time thank you I'll
be people all the time they'll go I am
world combat like that's love video
games so much they were like let's make
the one character nobody likes any more
child that if you guys ever play Mortal
Kombat right Jade is just like that's
like all she goes there's a fight where
somebody just needs to be kicked like a
bum ground girl I liked my name and then
I dated this guy and I found out his
ex-girlfriend's name was Ruby some kind
of your gemonese who is this
collecting precious stones you broke up
I like I drink for him you know he
finally finds the girl that he loves the
most the girl of his dreams her name is
diamond many later finds up her name is
actually cubic zirconium my name is
pronounced dodgy in Portuguese which i
think so : GG but that actually means
penis in China
chuckle I nobody knows the birds just
getting his a seat I want to be that
rich and famous and I'm just like you
eat my ass right now and then second is
yes sir le job okay your eyes open right
too much mess man I like my name too but
this happens a lot like I'll beat a hot
girl and I'll be like hey what's up I'm
Jayden like wow if I was a stripper
that'd be like that he might get mad
that's not a compliment
today actually that would be my name if
I was a [ __ ] that's great
are there actually here tonight and you
know I'd say they always look as their
[ __ ]
[Music]
I don't think it's okay for anybody to
have a baby
Britney Spears I don't think it's okay
to have two babies and then run around
town showing off your hot pocket to
everybody I think having a baby's a huge
responsibility okay it's like a
five-year commitment and you need to be
ready for it
I don't like people who act like they
have a baby they act like they did
something the rest of us can't figure
out like you took a special test or
somebody you can't get anybody can have
one you can't have one you go buy one
from another country you know it's like
oh I have a mother now Chelsea I can't
have a mother I could have been a mother
too okay three times but I made the
right decisions I don't like people who
have a baby and then [ __ ] and moan
about it you know they're that good my
baby weight my baby weight I can't lose
my baby they took your baby seven you're
a fat ass now okay don't you put down
that matzo ball for two seconds baby
weight from when you were a [ __ ] baby
what are you talking about are people
who have babies in the talk and baby
talk it's like I'm not your baby why are
you talking to me like that like oh how
old's your sunset 72 months
like what what but is that you can add
up to I'm like nine times six what the
[ __ ] is that add up to 63 what are you
twice at eight or do you mean eight you
[ __ ] is that what you have to say can
you imagine a grown up gonna bargain I
214 months coming get it they're having
look like one baby and go buy like a
minivan how big is your fat pig baby but
it needs four aisles was any a band what
does he need that for my sister has a
six month old that she takes two
swimming classes I'm like are you trying
to kill her she can't do that yet she's
not a [ __ ] salmon and how about
people who don't know their babies are
[ __ ] babies you know everybody thinks
they're the best baby in the world it's
like your baby's an [ __ ] they just
[ __ ] hit me what it's not cute you're
like cuddling hugging [ __ ] you it's like
no baby sucks my sister goes you can't
say that about a baby Chelsey babies
don't suck babies are great you can't
say that I'm like some people of sucky
babies some people sucked the day they
were born
Star Jones was an [ __ ] the day she
was born
okay you can be an [ __ ] from the word
go
where's the crazy [ __ ] at where are
you yes there they are
embrace that [ __ ] I really I've been
single for years cuz I'm insane I'd like
to get revenge like nice revenge not
like go to jail like last week a guy
wouldn't text me back so I've registered
his house as a public polling location
[ __ ] right I hope on November 6 people
line up in his door you can't get mad
I'll be like hey you're doing everyone a
favor civic duty I used to be married is
anyone married you took it back that was
amazing you started to clap and then you
realized it wasn't gonna go over well
and then you just stopped what happens
that because you're oh you're trying to
support me being divorced good
thank you I'm like three dicks away from
full-time lesbians so we could do that
[ __ ] these guys I'm tired this [ __ ] it's
not not mad at guys I'm mad at me
because I picked the wrong guys like I
just [ __ ] a wizard like a natural cast
spells wizard like he has a magic room
secret magic room behind a bookcase you
can't even make this up like if you
think you've hit rock bottom and your
love life ask yourself have I [ __ ] a
wizard you're not there yet
I swear to God and like I think women
are beautiful I wish I was a lesbian
every girl every straight girl wishes
she was a lesbian
at some point in her life it's true I
promise you because we get sad we get
heartbroken and we just like guys are
born gay or straight women sometimes we
get depressed into eating [ __ ] like
that happens to women guys remember that
[ __ ] okay the next time you're like
[ __ ] are crazy really we get so sad
we'll switch teams over you guys there's
no straight guy who's ever been that sad
ever I don't care the love of your life
could dump you you know you're not gonna
go out to a bar and some dude comes up
to you like hey bro come home with me
you're not gonna be like you know what
man
I'm tired of these [ __ ] running me
around
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'll tickle your balls just tickle the
balls let's see what happens
[Music]
this real like life [ __ ] but does anyone
here get laser hair removal a few of you
okay you do okay I get laser hair
removal okay so for people that don't
know it's a thing you do like every few
months basically your hair goes through
a cycle you go in I get it a brazilian
so you go in the lady laser blasts your
whole vagina just your whole all your
lady parts they just blast it it's
[ __ ] crazy right at Hertz it's pretty
painful so I did that today so if I'm
walking like I'm sitting on a horse but
it was weird about it I've been going to
place for years it takes years you have
to keep going back and getting it done
and every time I come in and I sign in
you know they know me now and they know
why I'm here and every time they go so
have you had any sun exposure on the
region and I'm like who the [ __ ] is Sun
Tanning their [ __ ] like no I've never
had Sun on my butt was outside just like
I gotta get this Sun Tan building was my
day today that's just I just felt like
that I think it's such a weird thing to
add
do any of you guys suntan your crotch
area probably not maybe the guys I feel
like a guy I could see a guy like on a
rooftop just like sunbathing his dick
actually I feel like there's someone
here that has a Sun Tan dick right now
tan lines on it that'd be amazing
honestly if I had to think I would do
that so I would write something on it
and then I was suntan it like my name is
oh wow this is fun everyone my name is
Ben
I'm with the Laugh Factory production
team here at the Laugh Factory and I
have an advice for you please like
subscribe and comment don't you comment
yeah
i'm on a journey i'm on a weight loss
journey i almost
weighed 600 pounds i get up to 598.
i know i could have been on that show
and i blew it right i just
a little bit of a quitter
so i've lost over 250 which is
[Applause]
it means i'm on a journey they keep
saying journey
that you're on a weight loss journey
they've totally ruined the word journey
for me now
like is it a journey if you can't pack a
lunch and take snacks
is that
is it a journey i'm just a small town
girl living in a lonely world without
carbs
that's a journey joke you guys are good
wow you're on tape delay dude that was
i'll do another one for you to get first
time the only thing i'm loving touching
and squeezing now is fruit
see they are way ahead of you
it's cute your little tiny wife is
totally embarrassed
i told him not to talk
there's so much plaid in the audience so
many flannel shirts
you guys look like a picnic table to
this big girl
i'd be eating some chicken on shell
later
it is a journey when i first came back i
shot a reality show and they told me
to go to walmart and get a scale so that
i could keep my
fans updated on my weight loss i hadn't
had a scale
since i was a little girl and it was
that scale in my grandma's bathroom
you guys remember that scale it was this
scale with the dial
and if you stood on it and you were
chubby it just went ah
but first you had to lean down and
scrape the aqua net hairspray off of the
i couldn't do this before i lost the
weight you guys should enjoy the
bending over part
walmart has an entire aisle of scales
newfangled scales the first one that i
pulled down
was called the talking scale
marinating that ladies
there's a scale that says your weight
out loud
in the middle of a walmart
don't think a female invented this
device
that's a man doing right there if a
female invented it it would be a smart
scale
if you jumped on it and you gained
weight it would lie to you
you just jump on it be like who's a
pretty little princess
i'm the princess that deserves another
brownie right
i had to try it out i jumped on the
scale it said my weight out loud this
old man came around the corner he goes
what was that missy
i said we're getting a price check on a
flat screen grandpa
mind your own business
there is a sale in electronics
you got to know your love language I
read a book some guy wrote a book dr.
Gary Chapman wrote a book called five
love languages according to dr. Gary
Chapman there are five languages of love
between a man and wife Tammy and I read
that book twice in one week because we
didn't see our love language in there
yeah apparently bitterness sarcasm that
part of dr. Gary Chapman's love life so
I noticed my parents had their own love
language 57 years they were married
before my mother passed away that last
Christmas we knew would be mom's last
Christmas so it was a special one we
knew this would be it so anyway we were
all sitting around watching television
the movie's wonderful life for those
Christmas movies my mom's doing her
crochet and my dad's in his chair and he
starts serenading my mother in their
love language 57 years of marriage
[Applause]
my mother didn't miss a beat she didn't
say anything she puts her crochet down
she goes into the kitchen comes back 20
minutes later with two hot dogs and a
soda pop for her puzzle how cool is that
so that night I'm laying in the fajita
with Tammi and I'm talking I said did
you see that today she goes what do my
parents did you see that whole thing she
goes I did my good do you think we'll
ever get there you and me on that level
Tammy says shoot me if we do you start
Hocking hair balls at me like that it's
over that was one of the most vile
disgusting things I've ever witnessed in
my life I almost chucked my dinner all
over the kid's head wow I thought it was
beautiful
I married a tough one my Tammy's a tough
tough woman first thing she did when we
got married was take my spine away from
me she did she keeps it in her purse
it's handy in case I have to do
something mainly three o'clock in the
morning I heard a noise here's your
spine go down and threw it away
I hate that wake-up call see here's the
noise I gotta go down to see what it is
well if you were sleeping you wouldn't
hurt it so go back to sleep you won't
hear the next one trust me he's trying
to be as quiet as he can
he'll probably apologize for waking us
out she should go down her feet track
mud on her new hardwood floor she'd rip
his thyroid out she's got a temper I
mean a temper I'm not talkin here to
Bill any and sarcasm cuz that's what
attracted me to her here's an example we
were eating breakfast one morning one
morning just sit at the breakfast
minding my own business whistling that's
the kind of good mood I was in whistling
could explain why I didn't hear her
ticking on the other side of the table
I just wanted a butter waffle you know
what I'm talking about man you just want
a butter walk no family business no talk
no nothing butter a waffle
so I said sweetheart could you pass me
the butter knife of course now I'm
thinking something must be bothering
buttercup
so I asked some on your mind
she says I'm fat there's not a man in
this room knows you can't respond to
that there's a twitch of the eye or get
you killed at this point if you're a
newlywed trust me your wife ever says
she's fat you become mannequin man
you'll move a muscle
you certainly don't say anything let's
let her finish her thought they'd a
knife on the wall butter the wall then
she says we're joining a health club did
you hear what I said
I think I heard you say you're fat and
we're joining the health club
that was the wrong answer of course we
joined a health club and if there are
two people on this planet that should
have never purchased a health club
membership it is Tammy and I trust me I
haven't moved with any purpose since I
won the race at conception trust me
I don't want to brag but I outran about
four billion that morning and I'm still
exhausted
we're lazy people we're not ashamed of
it we've actually woken our children up
to get the remote control for the
television we've had an exercise bike in
our bedroom for ten years
it's got about a mile and a half on it
and most of that was put on by the
grandkids sitting on the floor just
spending the pedals she once called me
from the driveway to get her purse hello
get my purse where you at I'm in the
driveway I'm going to the health club
and I need my ID but lazier yo hey go
get your mother's purse and bring it to
her
[Music]
[Applause]
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app you can download it right
now to watch save and share clips and
you can watch my entire comedy special
right on your phone how cool is that
I know Vegas just like it's really weird
it's really a weird place to be from but
it's not as crazy as people think like
people actually think I like grew up on
the strip I play I know because nobody
has gotten sense and except for you guys
obviously uh no but it's when I tell
them you know I'm from Vegas they're
like oh my god Vegas is so wide so whoa
how is that must have been crazy and I'm
like you know they think like I was born
in the Bellagio you know which would be
actually pretty cool I'd be like hey mom
I'm hungry and she'd be like okay hold
on let me go get the bottle that'll be
$1,000 um no it's good that I didn't
grow up on the strip if I grew up on the
strip I'd probably be dead no all right
nobody here likes a party okay okay no I
do like to party I like drugs I don't
listen I know I don't look like I do
drugs I look like I do juice cleanses
but the truth is I like to do both and I
like to do them at the same time
all right getting carried away no but um
why not what I tell people I'm from
Vegas and they ask I like to just make
jokes about it because I'm sick of
telling them it's just like a normal
City
um so I'm like yeah you know oh god it's
so hard you know to have to take poker
as an elective not to mention so
annoying that we didn't even have
marching bands we just have DJs
you know and actually in the really
really really bad side of town um the
merry-go-rounds don't even have animals
on them they just have poles so sad it's
actually tragic I know um you know Vegas
is obviously it's like known for very
specific activities those of which I've
you know learned in very awkward
situations like one time I was really
hitting it off with this guy and he just
like got my phone number
and then immediately he was like whoa
that's Vegas and I was like yeah he was
like what'd he do in Vegas
and I said what do you mean like I grew
up there he was like okay good so you
never like work there
and I was like I know don't worry I'm
not a hooker anymore but he didn't get
that I was just kidding cuz he was like
okay gotta go and I was like no no I'm
just kidding it's always big free
[Music]
but you got to keep it romantic and it
can be tough like we can't hardly kiss
because he's got a deviated septum and
that's a permanent nasal blockage guys
if we want to kiss I gotta get a CPAP
machine oh I've got to be near an outlet
marriage is a lot of work and uh and on
this
I was seeing this guy and during a
conversation he admitted to me that he
believes the earth is flat yes yeah did
you have that happen to you was it him
no oh well damn [ __ ] you must not care
it was the guy before him yeah no you
already spoke it up you can't take it
back now
cuz now it makes you feel like a genius
he was like damn you was with darkness
Ravel can't come back this guy said it
with such conviction he was like it art
display I've been attracted what does
that say about me that I'm attracted
dumb [ __ ] that think the earth
is flat
what is not so pristine I went to
college what is this universe I told my
friend the story she looks at me she
goes Chloe it's your fault it's your
fault because you should have asked him
this is 14 17 or 20 17 who was asking a
grown-up daughter they think the earth
is flat and I can hear the silence in
her room maybe some of you believe that
I'm gonna tell you something if you
believe the earth is flat you keep that
[ __ ] to the grave ok you put it as a
footnote on your will I'm leaving my
xbox to man man by the way I think the
earth is flat that way we can't judge
you cuz you did you understand you
should have asked him as a single woman
dating is already so many questions we
have to ask I don't have to accent the
earth is that there's so many number one
are you married - are you engaged to be
married
do you have any kids do you have any
kids in the womb
[Laughter]
do you have a job or are you an
entrepreneur translation you ain't got
no job do you eat vegetables do you
believe in God do you know your parents
do you know your dad do you call your
mom mommy mount with this [ __ ] a lot of
questions we have to ask my personal
favorite this is the end-all be-all you
have to look him dead in the face and
say is there anyone who believes that
they are in a relationship with you
and watches a bead of sweat trickles
down and they try to be smile on me I'm
not no mind reader I don't know
[Applause]
[Music]
thanks for coming to the show this is
what you got to do you got a laugh life
it's too hard isn't it
yes let me tell you all how bad my day
was my kids were so bad in Walmart today
I actually pulled a fly swatter off the
shelf and I spanked them and just as the
fly swatter hit their little butts I
thought I don't have kids
I don't have kids I'm single the other
night I went out with a guy said he
didn't like women who were fragile or
vulnerable so I stabbed him I think
he'll call again my boyfriend just broke
up with me he said he wasn't feeling
effusive about the relationship and I
was like what a jerk
making me look upwards I don't know what
that means but it's hard meeting people
I saw you guys coming in a lot of you
look like you're here with the love of
your life yes
others compromise of your expectations
it's all good all I know is I'm not a
cougar I don't know what that's about I
was out on a date with a young guy and
in the middle of the day I had a hot
flash
and I was too embarrassed to tell him
so I told to my head tuberculosis
and I don't know what that is so I hope
I'm gonna be alright
and I don't know I think I'm pretty sure
I'm gonna end up marrying my dog yeah
yes because he reminds me a lot of my ex
because he's not pulling his weight
financially and they're both afraid of
the vacuum and I don't understand the
internet dating that's just weird for
some reason men send me inappropriate
pictures have you had this happen and
they're very casual hi I'm Phil and
architect from Cincinnati thanks for
taking the sexy otta tube socks for me
Phil
I'll never get that back
and then other men email me and they say
hey can you send me inappropriate
pictures and I say sure meet Phil he's a
heart attack
he likes square dancing and long walks
on the beach
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
I always like to start off shows with
announcements and I've got a cool one
I'm just I'm excited about it because it
took about ten years but I finally paid
off my student loans thank you I took
one class
I wasn't long enough to get a Facebook
account and quit that's pretty much how
long I went and that's actually some bad
news I've got with Facebook I did get
unfriended recently normally it's not a
big deal if you get unfriended because
you probably won't see that person ever
again
right but this is my roommates it's a
little weird I'm like mom why did you
unfriend me cool
no man Facebook it's gotten it's gotten
weird like really weird in the last 10
years it's gotten like really weird it's
got me thinking like here's what I think
about I think it's turned into Florida I
think Facebook is a lot like Florida cuz
this started out as a place for college
kids to go and have fun and then the old
people came in and took over
I didn't even know you can misspell lol
until they got on there like taking
selfies with the zoom all the way in
commenting on things are not supposed to
comment on I had a birthday last year I
woke up to like 300 notifications on my
Facebook about a hundred of those were
for my friends wish me happy birthday
the other 200 or for my dad commenting
on a repost think saying happy birthday
to my son
it's not how it works like see like I'm
33 most of my friends at this age they
have kids and they'll post pictures of
their kids a lot of pictures that's fine
do whatever you want but we got to draw
the line somewhere and I think that line
is at the bathtub photos I'm seeing
naked babies all over the place baby
busts are popping up on the Facebook
wall do they want people to like that
photo do they want me to like that photo
I'm a 33 year old man with no kids if
I'm liking baby but photos I'm going to
jail oh no I'm just not used to that cuz
growing up we didn't take pictures like
we didn't have a camera
wait there's pictures in her house of me
as a kid but they didn't come from us
they came from school they were the
yearbook photos
the ones I said proof
[Applause]
hey did you know Drybar comedy has their
own app download it right now and watch
save and share clips and watch my whole
special
I do have a boyfriend who lives on 79th
and like we're like I said a group on
that course you were both seven we were
like very different like it's weird cuz
we've been dating like I was single for
a long time like are you for real like I
had a boyfriend and then we broke up and
I dropped like 99 pounds I lost like 99
pounds for real like no lose my weight
like no I feel lost 100 pounds and I was
single for a long time and I became the
whole I had fantasize about it like when
I was fat right and then you know I met
my dude and he just kept [ __ ] coming
back right so now I'm like in a
relationship with him
like okay so we've been together for
like two years and then something
happened like ladies who are in a
relationship like clap if you agree with
me like two years we live together it's
fine and the middle of the night I got
up last night and I looked at him
sleeping and I thought to myself I
should smack the [ __ ] out of you
he's a [ __ ] like Incas give them a
[ __ ] nurse and the [ __ ] thing is
it's like I have a hard time sleeping
which is terrible because they teach all
day and then understand up at night and
so it's like it's horrible to have
insomnia so that watch [ __ ] for like my
own entertainment like I'll watch porn
right and everyone watching porn
advancement does anyone else watch but I
notice something like I'm up I'm just
looking at these born and then I'm like
nowhere to see something like you guys
can even like check me inbox me later if
I'm wrong I want you to go and pornhub
and I but you look at like white porn
like you know Colin white actors the
titles are very incestuous right they're
all like step daddy [ __ ] step brother on
the steps but if you have it before I
want you to look at blackboard former
black actors the titles are the most
disrespectful titles you will ever read
will be like black dot [ __ ] baby daddy
for gas money you're like I stay up to
4:30 to see if this [ __ ] got $35 for
gas right my boyfriend smokes a lot of
weed I don't I smoke weed like here and
there but like now easy like ladies you
guys smoke weed he makes me go but like
he gives me the money but he makes me go
get the weed and I realize that like
every woman in here knows that we get
ridiculous discounts on we but if you
are a woman and you pay full price for
weed you are ugliest
me and my boyfriend had an argument
yesterday like cuz here's the thing like
he asked me he just casually he's been
casually like dropping like how many
people have you slept with you know I'm
like you trying to ruin your own night
like I told you I was back and I lost
weight so my number is high right asking
and asking and she asked it away or
whatever in like ladies if a man asks
you this you know how many people you
stuff with it like here's a way to tell
the truth and lies like first of all
they shouldn't ask you cuz that's your
person for instance but like here's a
way like lying and telling the truth I
think of your number and then eliminate
all the dudes who didn't make you [ __ ]
then eliminate the dudes you only [ __ ]
once so I told my dude I was a virgin he
got mad
[Applause]
yeah I think I'll say that [ __ ] you can
turn a ho into a housewife I'm like you
ain't got no house
[Applause]
[Music]
so I’m a married lady.
Thank you.
I know, it’s hard to believe that—
(audience cheers)
Yeah, yeah.
(audience cheers)
Wow, a lot of you do believe in me.
A lot didn’t, so—
(audience laughing)
It’s hard to believe
all this got snatched up.
(audience laughing)
Nope, I’m a married lady.
It’s pretty great.
Let me just say romance is different
once you get married, yeah.
After a while you’re like,
oh, Valentine’s day is rolling around.
You tell your husband,
"Let’s just stay in, order a pizza."
Your husband helps you
clean out a couple of closets.
Suddenly, you’ve never
found him more attractive
(audience laughing)
and bam, nine months later,
you’re parents.
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
Yeah, that is my
daughter’s origin story, guys.
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
I absolutely love being
married, but every once in a while,
I think to myself like,
"Remember when I was single?"
Then I slap myself
in the face and think,
"Ugh, remember when I was single?"
(audience applauding)
The last time I went out
before I met my husband,
the only guy that talked
to me was wearing a cape.
(audience laughing)
A few minutes into the conversation,
I was like,
"Well, maybe the cape’s not so bad."
(audience laughing)
Till I remember, I’ve seen
the Phantom of the Opera
and this does not end well.
(audience laughing)
You’re not my angel of music
so get outta here you weirdo.
I was under the impression
when I got married that I would
suddenly magically transform
into a new and improved person.
Spoiler alert, you don’t.
No, you’re the same
old person except now
you have someone around
all the time to call you out on it.
(audience laughing)
I remember one time,
my husband came home,
opened the freezer and was like,
"Hey, Jenna, what happened
"to the cookie dough ice cream?
(audience laughing)
"Why is it just now vanilla ice cream?"
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
Well, husband,
the 15 minutes that I stood
in front of the open freezer
was the closest I’ll ever come
to being an archeologist on a dig.
(audience laughing) 
They call me Indiana Kim Jones
and the last carton
of cookie dough ice cream.
Marriage is weird.
It didn’t really change me.
It definitely aged me.
My husband and I,
we’re like 35 years from retirement,
but we’re already there
in our hearts and our minds.
Did you guys see what I did there?
Your hearts and your minds.
I’m losing it!
(audience laughing) 
No, now it’s like
if my husband and I go out
and he has to circle
the block for parking,
he’s like, "They don’t want us here.
"They clearly don’t want us here
"and the sun’s gonna go down.
"What are we doing?"
(audience laughing) 
And I’m no better.
I’m like, "Hey, babe, are we going
"anywhere fancy for dinner?
"Because I’m thinking about
"just wearing this sweatshirt
"so I don’t have to put a bra on."
(audience laughing)
I remember when my
husband had his first cold
when we got married, right? 
He was like,
"(coughs) Babe, do we have
"any tissues (coughs)?"
He’s very pathetic when he’s sick.
(audience laughing)
"(coughs) Do we have any tissues?"
I was like, okay, well, I guess
the roll of toilet paper
that I lovingly laid
on your bedside table
isn’t good enough
for your delicate nasal passages."
(audience laughing)
After that, he went out
and bought the name brand tissues,
you know,
the good stuff, infused with aloe,
stuff that feels good on your nose.
What a wuss.
(audience laughing)
Plus I was like,
"Whoa, those are expensive tissues.
"I didn’t see that on the budget
"you gave me last week."
(audience laughing)
A lot of you are
pretty sensitive about tissues.
I feel like I hit a soft spot.
(audience laughing)
Are we gonna be okay?
(audience laughing)
No, they say that imitation
is the most sincere form of flattery.
Well, if that’s the case,
then why has every fight
I’ve ever had with my husband
started with the phrase,
"Here, I’ll be you.
you know in marriage this is another
story they came I said counselor I
really am and you know I'm all about
getting life right I want to get life
right I want to be happy I want these
things I want these things for everybody
I have friends who tell me everything I
had a friend that just came to me and
she says oh my gosh I just got engaged
and it was the worst proposal ever her
boyfriend now fiance because she said
yes brought in a bag put it on the
kitchen counter and said there you go
yeah she took it out and it's a
beautiful beautiful engagement ring it's
gorgeous so she looked at him and she
said will you at least ask me and she
handed him the ring he took the ring
held it towards her and he says do you
promise not to change see the guys are
all thinking well that's pretty much of
those
singen I didn't say men don't want us to
change but the truth is ladies we change
every five minutes we're a different
person that's the way we are it's great
it's fun go with the flow and you want
the other truth is is that the one thing
women want and their man is for them to
change but men don't change they stay
the same
you're not gonna change them how many
times did your mother tell you that
ladies huh you're not gonna change them
cuz she tried
the words of wisdom there are men here
tonight still wearing clothes from
junior high come on you know that's true
I go in my husband's closet and I take
stuff out and he doesn't even know I got
rid of it for months he doesn't even
know but it had to go
hey weren't that yellow shirt go got in
high school where is it is my favorite
no they say that it takes 26 years into
the marriage before you finally feel
true joy true love and true contentment
26 years yes swallow that one people huh
I had you I'm newly Wed 57 I'm never
gonna feel of joy and contentment if I
do it's gonna be on my deathbed isn't it
I love you so much
take that with me to heaven we're so
different you know you know the
menopausal brain for a female we become
more logical after it's all done you
know our our corpus callosum gets a
little burn up you know we're just we're
done with all that there are shoe our
superhighway Gaiden goes away we get
more we were more like men we become
more like men we're not very nice pretty
much to the boss far
and then their testosterone levels
decrease as you get older and you get
nicer I think there's a Benjamin Button
moment that happens sometime in a
relationship we are kind of sitting
across from each other it's like you
finally like wow this is a great moment
then it's over you know you know it
happens you go to this store go to
Walmart watch the old men and old women
old man's like wanting to talk to the
children hey no you could hear some kick
the woman's going to stop it you're
making a fool of yourself
if you want to watch my entire special
for $0.99 click here if you want to
watch more clips click here right here
click it you know you want to click it I
do believe you want to click it I don't
know why I mother suddenly English but
usually when you click it's good it's
all good when you click
I am full Italian.
I know I don't seem it.
I should be happier, something.
(audience laughing)
That's what you expect
out of us, right?
You know, Italians over there, right?
Happy, huggy people,
and everybody has to come up to me,
and say, "Gosh, man, 
"you know, you never smile.
"You know, it takes more muscles 
"to frown than it does to smile."
Yeah, I know, I'm working out.
(audience laughing)
My face can beat up your face,
(audience laughing)
but it wouldn't,
it's not that kinda face.
(audience laughing)
I don't know why 
they need me to be so happy,
if, you know, they're so happy,
especially you people here at Provo.
It's like, I Googled it, and it's like,
the happiest place in the U.S.A.,
that's what it says, you know?
That's one of the first,
you know, hits you see,
and, I don't know, you know,
I'm happy, 
I'm happy enough, you know?
It's like, I smile, I'm happy, 
get off my back,
you know what I mean?
It's like,
(audience laughing)
I don't know why I have to sm—
and it's like, my happy friends, like,
they always call me
when they feel bad.
I'm always the go-to guy, 
you know, when people feel bad.
I don't know why, but they call me,
and ask me for my advice,
and you gotta make 'em feel better.
You know, they'll call me,
and say,"Oh, I feel like I'm falling 
"in a bottomless pit."
Yeah, well, you know, 
you're not gonna hit your head.
(audience laughing)
Try to get people
to feel better, you know?
No thank yous,
but yeah, you got
the glass half empty people,
and the glass half full,
and I just feel like that glass
is twice as big 
as it needs to be, you know?
(audience laughing)
Just get a smaller glass.
(audience laughing)
My happy, bubbly friends
are always the ones
on the Prozac, the antidepressants.
It's not guys like me.
Really, I don't expect that much.
I drop my keys in the toilet
before I use that toilet,
it's a good day, you know?
(audience laughing)
And I've always tried to help
people feel better, you know.
My brother, my brother,
who used to torture me
when we were little, you know?
I remember, well, 
he really gave me the business,
I'll tell you, but even him,
like, you know, 
he was self conscious about it.
You know, we're Italian, 
we get these big noses, you know.
Like, mine is big, you know.
It's like, I mean, it's big enough
to be far enough from my face,
like, it feels like it has its own life, 
you know, sort of, but,
(audience laughing)
Like, I don't know, 
it has its own inner life,
its own philosophies and stuff,
but his was, like, really bad,
and he was self-conscious of it,
so I bought him this book
on self-esteem,
and I said, look, you know,
just hold that book
in front of your face
wherever you go.
(audience laughing)
Then I had one of these
Facebook friends that,
I don't know my Facebook friends,
I don't know if you know yours,
but I don't know mine.
(audience laughing)
I don't know
and this guy, he felt compelled
to write on his wall that 
he was contemplating suicide,
and I thought, Wow, that's intense.
That's the wrong place
to do something like that,
a social networking site
where people's only reactions
can be to ignore it,
or to like it, you know, so . . .
(audience laughing)
So I liked it.
(audience laughing)
I thought, maybe,
getting ignored is
what got him down, you know?
(audience laughing)
and Frank is the reason I've never kept
a truly honest diary
my ex-boyfriend was blond got a new
girlfriend she's blonde she posts a
photo them together
hashtag Aryan race knows I posted about
it a lot and I'm like okay so you're
either dumb trying to be funny or a Nazi
right and like there's nothing worse
than a girl who's trying to be funny I
went back to Instagram um she blocked me
went to her dogs Instagram her dog had
lost me and I'm the person who knows
that her dog blocked me I hooked up with
every black guy at my high school and
now he's gay
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
last thing um what's up with guys going
straight for the a/c day you don't know
what kind of day I had thank you so much
my last ex he was white he's still white
and still totally a white person I
gained a lot of weight in that
relationship because my ex did this to
be nice he was trying to be a good
boyfriend are you guys together he's
just doing me a thumbs up but she's like
what the [ __ ] do you think why would I
be sitting here if we weren't together I
get you girl your shoulders are out have
a good summer so I don't know if he does
this my ex did this to me to try to be a
good boyfriend he's like you're
beautiful no matter what does he say
that to you good you can get fat as hell
like I did um he told me I love you no
matter what you look like my hungry ass
heard that and I'm like dope great news
I may be some cookies about it right I
treat love so I gave 25 quick pounds in
that relationship now I'm shaped like a
sexy Teletubby thank you that's his real
name I'm petty as hell okay oh my god I
really feel in summer though I wore this
crop top so you can't tell I'm sad is it
working I don't know um
this skirt is too short I didn't know
people people never sit in the front row
you could probably see the lower third
of my vagina I don't know what to say
it's that kind of day it's that kind of
day oh so I gained a bunch of weight in
that relationship but before that so I
told my ex that I used to be a
cheerleader back in high school and he's
disgusting so his eyes lit up bright he
got so excited and it's like Rebecca
Rebecca if you still got the uniform
just go ahead and put it on for me it'll
be a lot of fun and I'm like okay why
are you saying this we've been dating
for a while you know I'm crazy as hell
I don't throw [ __ ] away of course I
still have the uniform right stuff get
the uniform out and I'll put this
uniform on we'll say I got it on by the
grace of God that's what we'll say
because I was less than half their size
in high school and now according to
t-shirts I'm now a medium-sized man [ __ ]
happens but so so I'm in this super
little uniform I get into it I'm proud
of myself I can't breathe he likes that
too we won't read into it and he is so
turned on that I'm like okay is my
boyfriend's fetish teenage cheerleaders
or big [ __ ] squeezing in a tiny
clothes
[Laughter]
[Music]
any other broke people any broke people
here yeah and the cheap seats up at the
top I got it I got it by the way this is
the earliest way show I've ever done in
my whole life I've never done a turbo
usually they're like 11:30 in here
you're it's like right after dinners you
know tomorrow is early show is during
breakfast the late shows at 1:00 p.m.
you know we like to get out yeah I broke
anybody else here have less money and
then when they were 11 anyone else
you ever get your credit card declined
at a parking meter has that happened
anyone here you call up Amex like I need
to increase my spending limit by a buck
50 right now we don't think you can pay
it back
it's happened to me though that you ever
go to the ATM look at your balance and
it's so low that you just start laughing
out loud like every other day I was just
like I don't know what I'm gonna do
actually turn to the guy behind me I was
like hey bud do you want my pin number
it doesn't make any difference either
way you can't even get that money out
it's like a slot machine like you I've
never done that joke and turned around
and seen like this like demented green
house behind me
never in my life it's beautiful mr.
McGregor is going to come out with one
of these things any moment and they have
the curtain and do you think if I move
this the whole way that the banner from
chuck-e-cheese will come out and stop
right there actually headlining the show
hey you guys anybody here of a book a
hotel so little budget the visa calls to
see if you've been kidnapped I just
booked a hotel online I wasn't even done
with the reservation and visa call
they're like mr. Cobb say yes if you're
safe
it was a super8 I was booking a super
late super ating like for it and I like
super 8 like they're everywhere I like
it because they're everywhere and yes
they don't have a commercial you'll
never see a commercial person they don't
they can't even afford a slogan they do
not have a slogan they can't afford it
like Motel 6's we're gonna beat the
lineup for you if super eight hands slow
gonna be hey you might have to poop in
the dark it is pitch black in there you
can bring an iPhone but I don't think we
have any electricity or anything
what I'm trying to say is you never want
to stay in hotel where they're surprised
that you came there you never want to
stay in that hotel you could go to a
super 8 with the reservation and they're
like oh you're actually here we weren't
expecting anybody I hope you brought
your own towel follow me even stay well
never go to a hotel and they give you a
room number that's a single digit and
you just feel weird about the whole
thing like most hotels they're like oh
you're in 18 2000 meters down the hall
yeah I got super eights like okay you're
in too
with days
he's been waiting a long time so if you
could just hurry it along they'd really
appreciate it show confidence subscribe
to drive our comedy for even more of the
world's largest collection of clean
comedy
so I'm married I've been married very
long thank you that's a big decision
when he moved in and he's laying next to
me I had that thought Oh crumb he's here
I wonder what he's gonna go home you're
kind of stuck with each other that's a
big decision he has sleep apnea though
every now and then he quits breathing
and I'm thinking well that might be my
out he's a nice guy I love this guy he's
great of course they love him right now
so I think romance is real important in
a relationship
on an average day if you've been married
for a while let me hear from my married
folks who's married in the house tonight
[Applause]
there we are anybody dating on a date
night right now Oh
[Applause]
notice the married people didn't clap
along with that
listen married people if you get
showered and and you put clothes on that
are kind of nice call it a date if
you're gone to the grocery store and you
put on good shoes you know whatever
called
day you can date to you can be just as
happy as those people on an average day
of a married couple been married for a
while
a man speaks about 2,000 words a woman
speaks about eight yeah now when you're
dating and we heard the exuberance there
on the men increase what they say to us
twelve thousand words during the dating
process men speak to us in a day
women have to we have to accommodate
that we go down to five twelve thousand
to fine you men oh my goodness
talk dog dog dog dog you get married mm
that's right because you're being
romantic it's the romantic faith and
romance is very important isn't it yes
yes I love romance
I love Romeo and Juliet that's one of
the most romantic plays even though they
die at the end they sit some pretty cool
stuff to each other the first time Romeo
well let me let me let me just backtrack
for a second I knew that in my
relationship right now the romance was
pretty much gonna have to be worked on
when I heard this hey Kim I just caught
one I can't even stand the smell of this
one myself
you better open up some windows because
it's pretty bad and come in here and
smell it because I think I'm sick fart
ologist I'm not gonna come in there and
smell it we're in our 50s and had hot
dogs the night before maybe that's it no
romance at that point
that's awful Romeo Anjali so so Romeo
sees Juliet at a party and he says to
his friends and it was a masquerade
party Caesar he says to his friends did
my heart love until now I swear for
sight I never saw true beauty until this
night she comes out on a balcony says
but soft what light through yonder
window breaks is the east and Juliet is
the Sun my life would this man is more
like this Romeo Romeo wherefore thou now
Romeo
I see it them not yet smell a foul in
every chamber for thou dost wreak Romeo
and if Romeo were to have that happen I
think he would say something like this
but soft a win from Down Under doth
break
come help me create a gentle breeze from
the east for the smell as offensive even
unto me ladies and gentlemen the lowest
form of comedy is the fart joke the
highest form of theatrical performance
is Shakespeare and they collided in
front of you tonight right yeah
yeah if you want to watch my entire
special for $0.99 click here if you want
to watch more clips click here right
here click it you know you want to click
it I do believe you want to click it I
don't know why I'm all suddenly English
but usually when you click it's good
it's all good when you click
so I do have a boyfriend we've been
together for seven years thank you thank
you yeah we live together we're not
married he doesn't want to get married
and that's fine that's fine I don't care
that I don't have a ring even though
diamonds are my birthstone yeah it's
fine uh but you know he's been married
twice right so he does he doesn't
believe in and he's like why do you want
to get listen we have an amazing
relationship why do you want to change
it and I'm like yeah we have an amazing
relationship let's take it to the next
level so now all we do is fight about
how amazing our relationship is but I I
understand where he's coming from
because I can be a little crazy so we
were on the couch and I was showing him
one of my old high school yearbooks cuz
I used to be a cheerleader so I'm
showing him some pictures and he was he
was getting just a little bit too
excited about the pictures you know he
was like oh my god whoa that's you
wow wow wow I would have been all over
that [ __ ] in high school I think okay
what she's 18 you know I mean I can't
compete with that I mean if that's what
you're into you know you're like 48
years old I don't know why you're
looking at that you know you guys I was
jealous of myself
what is psycho
so now when we're having sex at night I
don't even know if he's thinking about
me
or me you know I hope it's me but it's
probably me [ __ ] I am a little bit
jealous you know he's a producer and he
goes off on these trips and he he
produces commercials and then he comes
back into town and he's got all these
new friends on Facebook right and some
of them are these women that he works
with and you know and I'm like okay you
know you don't have to that's not
necessary
you know friending people why are you
friends with this new girl and he was
like what are you talking about and I go
yeah I mean she's like young and cute
Wyatt why are you friend you know why
and he was like babe come on
are you jealous and I go well I mean he
goes come on do you think that I'm
having an affair with this girl and I
don't know no I don't and he goes do you
think that if I was I would be stupid
enough to friend her on Facebook
I was like who are you not friending on
Facebook moving out to Denon this really
beautiful girl walks by I'm like oh
friends with our on Facebook
he's like no and I go why not
[Applause]
[Music]
I recently joined tinder and I got a
message from a guy that said DTF [ __ ]
I didn't know what that meant so I asked
my friend and she said it means down to
[ __ ] [ __ ] he likes me
[Applause]
I have a boyfriend now and he's real so
that's not the joke I went into it
things are going really well with us I
even went into a doctor's appointment
the other day just so I could finally
answer yes - are you sexually active
I'm really glad not to be in the dating
scene anymore
my least-favorite dating say was
probably linked in first dates were
really hard for me too because I had to
answer a lot of questions like the other
day I was on a date with this guy and he
was like where's your favorite place to
eat in LA and I was like my car I went
in for a job interview the other day and
the potential employer asked me what my
biggest weakness was and I started
talking about how I have a hard time
reading situations situations
and then I leaned in for a kiss I'm from
Texas okay
my favorite thing to do in Texas is
leave I was bullied a lot in school
which is mainly traumatic I guess
because I was home-schooled
[Music]
my mom always told me Megan you gotta be
confident be yourself and I'm like mom
which one is it
[Applause]
[Laughter]
I've been trying to lose some weight I
don't have a scale but I do have a pair
of pants that tell me when I need to get
my [ __ ] together
[Applause]
my goal is to be the level of hot where
I can shotgun an entire pizza by myself
and it's still considered adorable I
went into my doctor's office the other
day and he was like Megan I really don't
know need to know every time you're
sexually active and I was like no I just
need to know what I need to do to lose
some weight and he goes oh okay just eat
right and exercise and I was like right
right and then I slid over a five-dollar
bill gave him a wink and was like what
else
[Music]
I was looking for the 25 year old which
was going well as well as it can't go
from 25 year old until he sent me a text
that said where have you been all my
life that's what the 25 year old asked
me where have you been all my life I'm
like well let's see when you were born I
was a senior in high school now send me
a picture of your dick because that's
what young guys do why does that happen
why is that still a thing oh my god when
you're dating a young guy you're always
one text message away from a dick pic in
any given moment like any moment I don't
understand it's shocking to me cuz it's
almost like you guys are shocked that
it's still there in the morning they you
have to take a picture of it documenting
you're laughing you're like a folder
dicks on your fault don't you he
probably sent one today I feel like he
would just - boom there it is like they
got him ready to go that's the thing
it's always it's so bizarre to me you
guys are just like oh my god there it is
snap happy Tuesday ladies it makes me
think like what did guys do before
camera phones like doing think about
that like I imagine some guy in an 80s
and 90s just staring at himself naked
like yeah look if she could see it now
she'd be right over
obviously quick at the Polaroid and a
stamp actually be a great whatever your
great letter that would be such a great
letter like guys the next time you want
to set a dick pic please go old-school
and mail that [ __ ] oh my god I do it
with the Polaroid knowledge and like
half develop it so we have to do some
we're like oh my god what is this I
don't know I got a letter in the mail I
don't know what it is I thought it
wasn't oh my god well that's going on my
vision board that's where that is
you've been married a long time your
wife he gave a list of things do around
the house am i right fellas oh honey do
list how do you do this I need to that
can you imagine ever walking up to your
wife Hannah at least one here get these
things done let me know how that works
out for you not in a million years would
it ever hurt anyone of us to try and
pull that one off I said to my wife you
give me miss the things to do if I give
you a list of things to quit doing how
about that
I want a honey don't list perfectly fair
you don't want to list as ladies don't
put so many pillows on the bed gee how
many pillows do we need on a bed to head
sook pillows that's all we need on that
I'll bet every bed here's got 8 or 10
pillows my right fellas yeah what do you
do new go to bed guys you grab three I'm
gonna storm right on the floor
you're the lay down somewhere if you put
your head on pillow number three your
feet a foot and a half off the end of
the bed just grab one throw them on the
floor and ladies even put a new
bedspread on or new pillowcases we don't
notice don't get upset you know why we
don't care we don't care my wife said
did you notice we have new pillowcases
[Laughter]
[Music]
here's something every couple has in
common I'll care if you've been together
five weeks or fifty years you'd have
your side of the bed you sleep on and
under no circumstances will it ever
change can you imagine going to bed
tonight your spouse went to bed an hour
before I need you walk in there she's
asleep on your side of the bed would you
look at her go oh how sweet the love of
my life fell asleep in my side of that
man I don't wake her up I'll sleep on
her side of the bed
no you pull up a sheet you go move over
it's not like you want to sleep on her
side I bet you ever seen her nightstand
some of the things sitting over there
how about that file using their feet you
ever seen that thing are you starting a
fire you just scared the cat I'm taking
the calluses off my heel welcome to that
outside
I'll get the shot back now should I grab
the sander while I'm out there
what's up still single I'm not good at
dating hard but I would like to get
married one day like I'd like to be like
my parents it's really impressive
they've been married almost 42 years I
mean to seven different people but still
like not at the same time we're not
Mormon or anything like that but like if
most people have a family tree I would
say we have more of a family tumbleweed
just keeps rolling along picking up dirt
and debris nobody knows how they're
related to anyone else
we just know not to [ __ ] each other
because we're not Mormon I got a
surprise recently very exciting news we
have a new child in the family my new
stepmom my dad he's a 75 now and just
married lucky number for his soulmate du
jour and it's actually pretty cool we
have a lot in common were both six-foot
blonde and way too [ __ ] young to be
married to my dad but she's skinnier
than me with bigger boobs so [ __ ] her
she's great just that my family were
only nice to people we don't like so I
gave her a nickname I pretty much call
her the worst possible thing a 30 year
old woman can call a 38 year old woman
in public which is mom yeah she was but
then like I hate when she acts like
she's my mom
like I stayed with them over the
holidays right and I was all dressed up
to go out and as I'm walking out the
door she's like you are not leaving the
house wearing that like you're not my
mother you can't tell me what to do
she's like no I'm mom but that is my
dress
and you're stretching it out
and she's athletic and she's mean and
like my second baby is my oldest
daughter who's about to graduate from
the University of Tennessee she's 22 and
let me tell y'all I know ever crow
thinks there's blankest
but let me say that she is a beauty and
she is smart and she's done very well in
school and she's an authority and done
well with her sorority and she's
athletic and she's main and we're scared
to death of her we walk on eggshells
around her she's not mean to other
people or in public she holds it in so
that she can come home and like spew it
out on to me that's okay that's God's
Way
this is what I think happens when she
was a junior her summer between her
junior and senior year I think that God
allows this to happen and you little
girls that your babies aren't this old
let me just listen to me
alright one day they'll just turn on you
and you'll think who in the world is
things who's coming down the steps in
the morning we don't know who this sends
I think that God allows that because he
knows that you're about to let your baby
go off to college or whatever they're
gonna do and he knows that you're
grieving so he makes them just as mean
as he can so that you can let them go
[Applause]
that summer the very breath that I
breathe out of my nostrils made her so
angry
we were not allowed to eat cereal in our
own home because she couldn't stand to
hear us cheap I don't mean to talk about
her cuz she had a lot owner she had to
empty the dishwasher stuff like that
that's so hard okay Lenny T about an
example when she was probably your
baby's age y'all y'all's little children
because y'all are so cute look like
their thyroid still functioning y'all
still got hair good for y'all um y'all
got a little bread chip yay okay
when my baby went my middle one when she
was in elementary school I was so
blessed that I got to take them to
school and pick them up every day in my
minivan and I would watch them come out
my girls and I saw them they were in a
good mood I saw it all right they would
be goosing each other and waving all the
little children and the principal see
you tomorrow okay then then they come
over to my minivan get in slam the door
that middle woman take her backpack and
sling me in the back of the head with it
she'd say everyday something like I'm
starving to death you don't have a piece
of cheese in this car your drumming is
making me carsick I hate her why did you
have her and the baby be sent over the
bank she'll be going mom mom mom mom mom
and I say what and she got mom mom mom
mom I got one I'm listening she could
say some of the craziest things she said
to me one day did Jesus ever have head
lice honey answer that I said well baby
I don't I don't know but if he did I
know where he'll be let me tell y'all
that I am a mama and I have three
children that I'm in love with and I am
now an empty nester they I have two in
college and one married and I you think
I look forward to being an empty nester
some people go whoo I don't feel whoo
I'm missing my husband misses them I
found Netflix when I
when the last one left my baby child
she's now 20 when she left I took to the
bed and I ate chocolate covered
blueberries that you get at Target and
and I found Netflix and I am binge watch
scandal have y'all seen scandal that
first season the the chemistry between
two main characters I think something's
really going on anyway it sent me on
fire and so I laid up in the bed and
watch that and like order Jimmy John's
from my band and my husband said are you
alright
but I ended up getting sciatica from
laying in the band I didn't get bed
sores I got sciatica and then ended up
having to get physical therapy that cost
$1,000 because of my deductible but
anyway but I agree so much over my kids
being gone alright so when my husband
gets home he says sad as I am and when
he gets home we just stare out into
space and he's done he's very quiet he's
an introvert he doesn't talk he doesn't
chant so I just sit and talk to myself
and we have to Bingle hounds and we just
sit and kiss them in the mouth and they
are yummy and we go to bed and I a lot
of y'all look really young in here and
I'm gonna scare y'all to death but I'm
gonna tell y'all I'm gonna tell look at
these young girls right here I'm gonna
tell y'all what's your future it's gonna
be okay all right when you get into
being about your mid forties you're
gonna go start a thing called
perimenopause it's before you go through
menopause and it makes you crazy and you
sweat in the bed at night okay and you
all your hormones get messed up all
right I go to the bedroom and I am so
hot at night that I put the air on 68
because I don't want to die my husband
puts it back up on 70 and he says you're
freezing me to dance he's having to wear
pajamas for the first time in our
marriage okay
he said I can see my breath that's a lie
but I know he is cold because one time
he had to wear it toboggan but anyway we
get in the bed and that big beagle who
is 10 years old a bull white named Augie
who is so sweet my husband spoons him in
the bed and then we've got a new little
bangle that is a pocket bagel and her
name is Gigi and she is so yummy and she
had a nervous tic when we got her and
she ate our couch but other than a
lumber and she gets in the bed and she
bangs her little butthole up against my
hand at night right here and when we get
alright so when my husband spoons that
big one that big one all Wallas eyes at
me and it looks like I don't want help I
want
so when my husband drifts off to sleep
that big bagel scoots over and then gets
in the crook of my legs
so through the night I break out in the
sweat because I'm in perimenopause and
it's right here in the back of my neck
dr. oz said it
okay so then I'm sweatin like I've done
Zumba all night and my husband snores it
depends on if he's put on weight if he
stressed out at work he'll put on weight
he'll eat a bunch of white flour and
then he snores a different way but if
he's playing tennis and he's watching
what he eats this is really how he
snores he starts going it's enough to
kill you okay you set a watch by
sometimes it's just a puff of air and
it's on my hand with a butthole right
here with a big bang on Brian
so that's your nighttime routine of
perimenopause look at how beautiful they
are say they still have their bloom good
for y'all you're probably out doing yoga
okay I have given up all right let me
tell y'all how this all started between
me and my husband we met at the
University of Tennessee while he was
stalking me he was so tickled with me
okay
he was getting an MBA I was getting
finishing up my undergraduate he is so
smart and such an overachiever but he
had already gotten an undergraduate
worked for two years and got an MBA I
was just finishing my my undergraduate
cuz I'm so fun and I thought oh my gosh
he is so smart he can do math thank you
pick and reconcile a checkbook there's
no telling where we're gonna go what
we're gonna say what we're gonna how
we're gonna lay up well we graduated and
he decided to buy a used mobile home
business in vain station Tennessee and I
know y'all don't know where Bane station
is in the foothills of the Appalachian
Mountains did any of y'all ever see
deliverance
I think they film at their beautiful
beautiful lakes and pretty and all that
but so he moved me there and he wanted
me to be in sales for him at this used
mobile home business so I did that day
until I saw a family drive up in a
gremlin with the wind out and a nine
year old smoking a cigarette that's the
truth she lit it all for her MIMO and
that's her grandmother do I need an
interpreter okay
she let out of her grandmama and so I
quit that day and I went home and I got
pregnant that night
[Music]
I had three babies in four and a half
years yeah it hurt it Dan I was pregnant
and or breastfeeding for six straight
years in the foothills of the
Appalachian Mountains and let me tell
y'all when I found out about my third
baby I feel terrible how I reacted but I
was so overwhelmed and so tired but I
knew that day I didn't feel right I
thought what is wrong with me I'm tired
and I kind of feel sick and I thought oh
my gosh surely I'm not pregnant this
quick after this you know cuz my girls
were 20 months apart so I had to know I
was crazy I drove to the Walmart in the
foothills of the Appalachian Mountains
and I took my two babies with me in the
diaper bag and all that stuff you take
with you and I went into the Walmart and
bought an apt pregnancy test I took it
in the stall and I tinkled on it and my
three-year-old boy looked at me said
what is it positive
and it was and I drove home just as fast
as I could and I called my husband at
work and I said you're trying to kill me
aren't you where you're not going to
because I'm gonna walk out in the woods
and let the animals eat me but young
little Mama's probably know what I'm
told
it's so overwhelming we would be in the
grocery store and my three-year-old
little bull way so yummy so sweet would
be in Superman panties with Doody balls
falling out
at the grocery store I think oh my gosh
did anybody see that I don't have
anything in my purse to pick it up when
it's some little child don't think it's
the milk dud just keep on moving
everybody just keep on moving Oh me all
right now they are grown and I cannot
believe it it just flew by my boy is
twenty four years old and he is married
he got out of college he met his college
sweetheart his freshman year he never he
said he would never marry young but he
did and he brought her home and all
right who in here has had boys and girls
can you clap who do you think's okay who
do you think's the easier to raise I
mean just yell it out boys are wrong
boys boys every once in a while a little
frail woman will yell curl
she's probably being threatened but
anyone know we love our girls I love my
girls I truly do and I know that when
I'm in the nursing home they'll be the
ones to come and plump my chin hairs
because my boy will be off with his wife
and her people because he said to me
when he brought her home and he said you
got a terrible look on your forehead and
I said oh it's nothing against her
it's just I'm jealous because I thought
she would only love me I know that's
twisted I know it is but he was the best
thing that ever happened to me all right
my kids all yell at man my husband
everybody's in a bad mood all the time
and he's the only one that's never
fussed at me and he was just the
sweetest child growing up and so when he
said he was gonna marry some money and
move off oh it was awful but let me say
that I love her and they live near us
and she's like another child to me and
it has been a blessing she is very sweet
and he's forgiven me for my forehead
looks but anyway but he said to me right
before they got married he goes mom
she's gonna be my immediate family
you're now my extended family he said
mom that's biblical I thought why did I
show him the Bible
let me tell you about him he's an old
soul have you ever met anybody that was
an old soul he was born an 80 year old
man he has had a garden since he was in
sixth grade he plays the mountain
dulcimer in the banjo he would works
he makes spoons
he makes spoons
he is so yummy all right his favorite
music is gospel bluegrass his favorite
well-known okay the thing a Bing of
doing all right
his favorite artist was dr. Ralph
Stanley dr. rap look at you no one who
dr. Ralph Stanley is okay for those of
you you don't he was on the oh brother
where art thou that is probably the most
famous thing he did but he was the
Godfather Mountains so he ended up dying
it like 92 it had a little cowboy hat
propped on his head
yummy okay he would come through
Knoxville and I would take my son to see
dr. Ralph when my son couldn't drive
they prompt little dr. Ralph up on stage
because he was so old
I almost threw my panties at him because
that's what you do to Tom Jones
and I love him but anyway I was standing
there listening to dr. Ralph Stanley
singing gospel bluegrass and I think to
myself how many teenage boys are
listening to this water teenage boys
listening to Rihanna waka flocka flame
some of that nasty goings-on I thought
wouldn't it be funny if I'd to yell at
my boy turn that gospel bluegrass down
you're out of control if I hear I saw
the light one more time all right here's
another example of maintenance my metal
one is in a sorority at the University
of Tennessee and a lot of those little
girls will come home that can't go home
on the weekends they'll come to our
house and I can cook for mine Joe and I
really do and they can wash their
clothes well one little girl came and I
washed that little things clothes
because she stayed two days and all I
said all I said to her was Katie you're
so tiny
your little underwear looks like a
slingshot
[Applause]
that little girl thought it was funny
and my baby looked at me and went so I
got out of there and then when that
little girl left I came back in I said
what's wrong with me saying that her
little panties looked like a slingshot I
wish somebody'd say my panties looked
like a slingshot you boys in the front
row you don't want to know what my
pennies look
[Applause]
did y'all ever watch Braveheart Mel
Gibson you remember that big ocaña pull
when they pull that big thing back put a
ball in it fling it and kill a bunch of
women and children with him that's what
my panties look like thank you
[Applause]
thank you for clamping for my paintings
I used to wear Victoria's Secret when I
was their age because I still had hope
and but y'all know what I quit wearing
them you know why because y'all know who
owns Victoria's Secret Satan
and I don't wear my panties for Abel so
badminton was cutting me in two
they just got to be too little so I
bought some was anybody here giving up
like I have anybody here wearing so much
snow let me tell you about sohma's
they're the best thing that's ever
happened okay because they've got a
whole line of nightgowns and underwear
and all this stuff that's called
koolknights because it's pulls moisture
away from you in the night yay
to keep you from having a stroke because
you're going through the change and
you're sweating dr. oz are y'all with me
so it has a drop fit technology in it so
you always could play golf in them come
on Kevin they're not pretty but anyway
that's what I'm wear let me tell you a
little bit about my husband my husband
is very smart and very quiet and an
introvert and does very well and and
then married me and and we've been
exactly the opposite but it has worked
he's a big man he's six four
he can kick a door in and I like that
he works like a dog and he loves a baby
let me tell y'all that he is a baby
cuddler at Easton C Children's Hospital
he cuddles the drug-dependent babies
every week of the world as a volunteer
no sway he didn't help me with mine
because he was out making a living and
paying for all this we've got to still
in college and and I wanted a fourth
baby so banned when my baby child went
to kindergarten
I nearly grieved myself to death I
thought Lord what am I gonna do with all
this time on my hands I hope I don't get
hooked on whiskey and start honky-tonkin
in about three weeks into her going to
kindergarten I was like what well then
go get a pap smear without somebody
sitting on my hand
but my husband when I dropped her off we
he said meet me at the IHOP because he
knows that pancakes get me through a
hard time and I was crying and and I
said I want another baby and he's saying
why don't you get a job
[Laughter]
Yeah right so I said no more no fourth
baby and he said y'all are sucking the
financial life out of me
so he bought me a dachshund I had that
dachshund four years she's gone now but
let me tell you she and I both got
thyroid issues she had cushions I was
walking her in our neighborhood one day
and a little girl came out her driveway
and she said can I pet your ground home
oh y'all so about my husband all right
so my husband is a big man and is six
four I'm fine late we breathe big kids
and and we wanted them to be in sports
and when they were growing up and so we
made them do all kinds of masks they
didn't want to do and we put our boy
when he was little bitty we put him in
team oh he hated it I don't know if any
of y'all have had a baby play t-ball but
for those of you who don't know t-ball
season it's about a hundred and ten
degrees outside
it's little children that are for look
like they've got a diaper on under their
baseball pants or a pull-up the games
last about three hours
nobody ever hits the ball throws the
ball catches the ball makes contact with
the ball
my baby laid in a fetal position in the
outfield the entire season he never
touched a ball every once awhile he'd
pop his little head up and say one game
it was so hot and I tell I told the
middle one to go out and take her
brother a water bottle she was about two
and a half and she went walking out
there with a tutu and a crown and a wand
and her pink prostitute she's from
Walmart
she walked about halfway stomped got a
glazed look over us pulled her little
panties to the side and pooped in the
team all fat
she really damned so I had to run out
there and get a stick and flick it into
the ones cuz I didn't want another child
to step in it or think it was a milk
done he would not play sports for
several years because of that trauma and
then ended up playing football and and
cross-country and a bunch of stuff and
still very he likes to mountain bike and
hike and do scary things but he likes to
come you know out west he likes and he's
a fly fisherman can y'all tell I'm in
love with him okay okay all right
about the sports I played sports I'm
wanting them to play sports too I know
y'all are thinking UCC thing you did not
but I play basketball thank you
I need that it was the early eighties
when I played and I had really big hair
I used to hot roll my hair to play ball
we all did okay so and I am from such a
bit little bitty farming community and
it's 500 people in Middle Tennessee and
we didn't know what waterproof mascara
was so by the end of my games I look
like say if Timmy won that now is Cooper
had a child together I was a forward
sometimes I had to be the center if
married Alan had to take her baby to the
health department my husband was very
smart does very well
we are sucking the life out of him he is
a nice-looking man but he has a receding
hairline and he hates it I think it's
handsome but he hates it so I said why
don't I take you to my hairdresser and
we'll get her to buzz you one of those
haircuts real close to your head like
Justin Timberlake you know what I mean
like real close to the hate when we did
it and we didn't know his hand was
pointed
[Music]
and he said I look like somebody and I
can't quite think of who it is and I
said is it bull Oh Night Court
he said no that's not who I was thinking
about about three days later he said on
the hadiya's its that lazy starfish
Patrick on SpongeBob Thursday I gotta
get a thing of water honey I'm about to
I'm spittin cotton Oh y'all I'm so so
much more than way more than I have and
since I had a baby in the hospital I
probably weigh about the same that I had
a baby in the hospital and back then I
remember thinking oh my gosh what
laurels happened to me and I had my
class reunion right after I had my first
baby and I wore a big jumper and I was
nursing and I remember like drinking a
diet coke and my breast milk shot out
the front of my dress and then one of my
friends from high school said when are
you gonna have your baby and I was like
I've hit my baby but anyway I feel fine
and and I am and it's my hormones
I have no testosterone I went to the
doctor and no testosterone no
progesterone I have way too much
estrogen which evidently makes you
better and angry and hateful that's what
my family says
I think they're bitter and hateful in
Ireland but it has messed up my weight
and old man 12 and I've been eating
white flour by living I have been on
every diet in the world I've done
everything I've done whole 30 I've done
a South Beach I can't I have done Weight
Watchers or I praise God that Weight
Watchers doesn't have a limit on how
many times you can Joey because I have
joined Weight Watchers nine times and
lost seven pounds in all come to find
out you have to follow a program I know
that but I go because the meetings are
funny and it's like it's like going to a
comedy club it really is it's like a a
but it's for people who eat their
emotions and in that's who I am
I eat my emotions like my husband would
come home and the kids would be fighting
and he'd say something like what have
you done all day and I'd eat a hot dog
and I don't even know where it came from
well I had to to keep from drinking
whiskey I don't want to get hooked on
whiskey with little children so um so I
joined whitewater so many times and this
last time
Oprah bought it and they hit Oprah on TV
and she's twirling pasta on a fork and
running through tall grass and I thought
if she can do it I can do it no so no
turns out no for the ninth time but what
the deal is is they give you a point
value on food so fruits and vegetables
are free you know you don't care really
and like a piece of beef that the size
of a credit card it's like five points
or something like you don't want any of
that you're so hungry when you start
that you could eat the wallpaper off the
walls you want a Snickers bar but
they're like 12 points my sister goes on
it every time I do and she'll call me
and she'll say it's known and I've eaten
all my points
Oh yo I've done every kind of exercise
in the world and when I was young age I
was so gung-ho and I wanted to go and do
and I wanted to be firm and toned and
then one day I just said I don't care
but and that's a good feeling to mine
when I was y'all st. John was big into
CrossFit do y'all have CrossFit here
[Applause]
hope y'all don't end up in the boot all
right it is bad mama jamma and they came
to Knoxville and they these young boys
in their early 20s opened it up and they
were darling and they both had little
Fanny's that looked like baseballs and I
wanted I wanted my Fanny to look like a
baseball so I got my good friend Becky
baked in I joined CrossFit together but
those of you don't know it's like
military moves push-ups pull-ups that
kind of thing they'd put a big tractor
tire in the parking lot and they'd sit
back in it and I'd pull her across the
parking lot while she held her purse
well these boys came to us one day
and they said hey we're going to have a
contest and whoever wins it gets three
months of free training and it's gonna
be up for the women and for the men it's
gonna last ten weeks we're gonna take
your before and after picture and then
the whole gym is gonna vote on whose
body has changed the most we were like
yes so one day we show up didn't know it
was picture day
I had on a horrible looking sports bra
that had lost all of its support and I
should have I should have been stit the
night before and had a great into it and
it really wasn't great it was white and
and if I'd have known it was gonna be a
picture day I'd have gotten a spray tan
but anyway we get it they said take your
top off to me and bankie and they go
just leave on your sports bra in your
spandex and we're gonna take your
picture and I was like whoa wait a
minute and I didn't want those little
boys to not ever want to marry and have
children
Bank II mean you we're going in the back
I said I'm taking Becky's pictured
she'll take mine so we went in the back
in the back room and Becky went and I
said what are you doing binky don't you
want to win this thing
I want to win it so I took my spandex
and shoved it under my stomach
[Applause]
oh it was a sight these kids put it on
the internet because that's what kids do
so if y'all google it and you see this
poor woman with her head cut off with
these two feed sacks oh it was a sight
but what they see it they go okay you're
and when I saw that I thought oh my gosh
you are what you ate and I look like a
big bun is what I look like but they
said you're going to eat paleo and it's
what God put upon the earth to sustain
us so if you can run it down and kill it
dig it out of the ground pick it off of
a bush you can eat it so that's lean
meats fruits vegetables nuts berries and
seeds that's no green no green no dairy
when's the last time any of y'all ever
got off of white flour anybody oh when
you still can Yale
good for you oh my gosh I hit the shakes
making on both were shaken we drink a
bunch of coffee then we had to have our
teeth whitened anyway my husband said
you were so hateful will you please need
a piece of white bread I think it was
awful I mean I'm never I mean oh how
horrible so I need to get off the heroin
I mean and I don't know what that's like
but I watched shaft when I was little
and I remember it being a bugger when
somebody had to get off a heroin this
felt similar I may not have been anyway
they took the after picture and a
humming sure I had a spray tan let me
tell you man Holly because the spray tan
takes 12 pounds off of you anyway I had
a spray tan I had on a really cute
sports bra in spending and I took mine
and I'm ashamed to tell you on but I won
that thing
[Applause]
thank you I'm so ashamed but y'all are
giving me that love I know y'all are
thinking what happened Leanne I'll tell
you what happened I spotted a tortilla
that's what happened Oh y'all it is
summer finally I know I'm so tickled
that we're we got now got spring and
we're about to get into summer okay
it's bathing suit time I know y'all are
tickled I know y'all are tickled to go
and roam bathing suits yay I'd rather
take a bullet
it's that thing everybody has to do I
did a big show for a bunch of women one
time and a woman came up to me and said
have you have you ever seen the swim
dress it lands in its ears and I was
like no I'm not dead yet but she goes no
I'm not it'll change your life
so I go to the Sears in my hometown if
you're into Sears lately there's not a
soul in Sears
there's nobody shopping nobody working
the lights are all along I thought are
they running dope out of Cena but I got
a swim dress and I'm beautiful in it
I'm beautiful in it it covers up all my
booty booth okay so what I've worn for
years over the years is a miracle set
the miracle suit is at department stores
it's got a tag on it that says lose ten
pounds in two in ten minutes and you do
because you sweat yourself to death
trying to get it up because it's a
one-piece and there's a girdle in it
I know gross okay if you ate all right
there's a there's a girdle in it so it's
smoothes you out real cute though here
you look real nice though here because
it squeezes your fan out and every other
oh and don't get it went somebody don't
have to cut it all so I buy I
bought it for years about I look
terrible in it and I knew it so I my big
strong and like wrapping around my body
and then act like I'm reading a book
okay so my good friend knew that I was
buying miracles say cuz I won so she
took her 14 year old girl and they went
to the department store and they got in
the dressing room and the 14 year old
was sinking her mama up in this bathing
suit they both broke out the sweat over
there lay up and the 14 year old said
ooh gross mom put it back let's get out
of here she said I can't I got a mind I
just peed in it
[Applause]
I went to Vegas I like you guys here cuz
I talked about partying here you guys
keep it simple here it's nice you're
classy you keep it good I went to Vegas
I went dancing for the first time to you
are you guys at dancing kind of group
you seem like energetic I like you I
like you you go dancing right Oh lookit
you got the moves already is that how
you know that's so cool I love dancing
that's what I was goofing off I love
dancing cuz it just puts you in a good
mood right but dancing has changed so
much I was I was working a gig in Vegas
and then I decided to go to a club for
the first time in forever and if you're
over 40 ladies you guys know everything
has changed
if you're under 20 you don't get it
right okay cuz like when we used to go
dancing right right remember ladies we
used to put on a pretty little dress we
always wanted to look classy we put on a
pretty dress we'd wait for a man to ask
us to dance right and then not when
they'd ask you to dance we'd walk out on
the dance floor and and and as they were
watching you walk you're thinking to
yourself oh my gosh I hope he doesn't
look at my butt I hope my butt doesn't
look big I hope he doesn't look right we
didn't want them looking in our butts
have you seen dancing now someone's like
hey do you wanna dance and they're like
well sure here I come all right
[Applause]
this is my favorite I love it
I am so shy I am so shy
since what's your name what's your name
I'm Francis I'm really sorry ma'am I
didn't you are so close I'm really sorry
if we were in a different town you do't
me a dollar that's not yeah can you
imagine
isn't that crazy it's like where are you
going I like this song let's dance and
all other on it it's all people do these
weird damn dating is weird now dating is
not simple everybody's talking nobody's
talking I take that back everybody's
texting
I like texting a little bit but it's a
little overboard anybody with me
everybody's texting texting texting
nobody knows how to talk anymore
I think Tessie is great but it's a
little overboard anybody with me on that
one yeah I'm glad you guys are here a
little eye contact little connection
right a little oh I like that I like
that because everybody's texting and
then I'm thinking like how do you
communicate when you get married you
know and and you're trying to romance
each other get the tegu you you're so
h.o.t that feels so G ood you know OMG
Oh G Oh ten percent of you okay
nobody else gets it uh-huh all right
okay see now I'm married I'm married
I've been married over 20 years so if I
were to text my man thank you thank you
I love being married but these change
right right I've been married 20 years
so if I were to text my man while we
were being in too many be more like do
and T sto P you know hu rry I've got got
laundry I got got laundry to do wrap it
up let's wrap it up so yeah things do
change I know some of the guys are
starting to hate me but the ladies we're
gonna bond tonight ladies tried to drive
our comedy for even more of the world's
largest collection of clean comedy
you guys ever had sex with somebody
without a condom and then freaked out
that you got an STD so you gon get an
STD check and then before you get the
results of the STD check back you have
sex with somebody else without a condom
then it turns out you definitely gave
them the thing you thought you have yeah
just mate I'm asking for a friend no or
in my case you think you're having us
today and then here remember you haven't
had sex in 18 months and it's just your
body trying to get rid of all that
excess fluid that's supposed to be used
for coitus I had a scare recently I went
to Planned Parenthood and here's how I
got the results back over the phone
hello ma'am this is Cynthia calling from
Planned Parenthood with regards to the
syphilis it's like Oh Cynthia that isn't
even one of the things that I thought
that I had with regards to the syphilis
it is negative thank you so much for
calling me on a weekend I really
appreciate it with regards to the
gonorrhea it is negative now Cynthia's
called me on speakerphone in front of my
new boyfriend in the car which was a
real good start to the relationship if
you're keeping up you're playing at home
that's going around negative syphilis
negative with regards to the ER piece it
is she was Filipino that's why with
regards to the ER piece it is negative
now guys I'm not a doctor but I know
official that that's not happy about the
results of an STD check is when they're
all negative I started to feel like I
was on an episode of the voice was like
chlamydia it's gonna be a no from me
Thank You boob I just not looking out
for red flags and relationships so I was
seeing this guy red flag number one bit
angry right not good red flag number two
we're driving through the Hollywood
Hills whenever you're driving through
the Hollywood Hills there's always an
old white lady walking an old white dog
yelling at you to slow down if you're a
normal well-adjusted human you just flip
her off and you keep speeding okay
this is what this guy did verbatim
Wayne's down the window and he says [ __ ]
you you [ __ ] [ __ ] I hope you have a
heart attack and die
it's a red flag number two okay red flag
number three was it was 40 and he'd
never not once even considered the
opportunity of maybe trying anal you
know now oh okay
because everybody's single everyone's
trying to [ __ ] tonight but they're just
not cuz you're all you know things okay
alright I'll carry on with the joke Ben
okay so he's never tried to anal but I
was like listen guys and just to make
you feel more comfortable I don't have
to do anal it's not a prerequisite you
know I just need to know that it's at
least on the table maybe on the bed with
the towel you know just need you to
think outside the box my friend started
seeing this guy and she said at the end
of the date they try to have sex and
they couldn't because his dick was too
big and I was like this is not bad boys
up for a challenge you know what I mean
yeah and I mean if you can tell from
down there I am 6 foot tall bit taller
than your average bear got a bit more
space in the answer ok we started going
out turns out it wasn't too big ok um he
was a little bit shorter than me though
and there's nothing less sexy you know
when you're in the throes of passion
with someone you've been throwing up
against the wall and you just know deep
down in your heart of hearts you just
know that he's just on his very tippy
toes he's you know he's trying to reach
in it you're in a squat line your legs
are starting to shake you got a waist
him up rip his little legs around there
you know walk into the throw him on the
bed you know started to start to feel
like a sex giant you know I was like fee
fie foe [ __ ] me hey guys I'm sterilized
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
Friday 13 I talked to my mom earlier she
goes what are you doing tonight it's
something that the laughs actor just
said be careful
why she is good you don't watch the news
in a year every day is goddamn Friday
the 13th
okay let's like get home and like
[ __ ] Bill Cosby's making me a drink
and Jay Simpson son in football is like
there's no way I mean would I even went
to took my car drove down to Fairfax
today because I wanted to see Orthodox
Jews and teenagers buying sneakers I did
but afterwards I was like I'm gonna go
for a little jog down I'm gonna exercise
and I'm just having a happy-go-lucky
time in this Tesla LA
pulls up along next to me and four high
school boys one of them leaned out of
the backseat goes hey suck my dick [ __ ]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
from Texas I was like I think you go the
sound for those southern rappers they
can't drive into those weird
you don't shout my dick and that what
you want to wait to see how that story
plays out maybe I wouldn't be like mr.
Chan's ready kids
some people ask you have kids no never
wanted kids oh I'm 39 years old now I'm
like I have to go to urban dictionary
more times than I care to mention to see
if I mean complimented or insulted on
social media
Hey I have no idea what [ __ ] means
anymore two years ago remember I wrote
some tweet this chick replies back girl
you're on fleek and I'm like [ __ ] you
you're moans oh hang out with
understandably hey one of my friends
hang out with her daughter just I don't
know she calls me later did you tell
Madeline to take naked selfies seventeen
this is the best her body is ever gonna
look snap away dude I wish I had naked
selfies of a mess I mean I look amazing
at 17 she's like just did you also call
a woman a [ __ ]
in front of her I'm like I'm not
political I just I hate all politicians
equally politically yes but right now
what's going on
it's like Lindsay Lohan's life in 2007
click every day we're like what
[Laughter]
you guys thank you for your services
military horrible everyone should have a
voice I think that's the problem there
are people who buy Nissan cubes I want
to get pissed off I just go on social
media and I don't just send me into a
tailspin what an Instagram some girl I
grew up with who's maybe covered in
freckles but not on Instagram filtered
[ __ ] she is
Mayfair and whatever all those other
[ __ ] filters are full makeup hairs
mermaid girl look at hands white t-shirt
with Flashdance off the shoulder and
then the like right there the Mondays
[ __ ] you
what the [ __ ] is this dudes we'll take
the you know the shirtless selfies in
the bathroom they're always you know
guys who wear the basketball those mesh
basketball shorts and we can see your
Weiner tip outline and if you think that
I don't see a guy jogging and I don't
have to wreck my car to turn around to
take a picture
yeah I totally we don't eff out lines we
all see them but taking a picture it's
like rise & grind no days off well your
toilet seats up and there's cows all
over the floor there's mold on your
shower curtain I don't know maybe take
the goddamn day
[Music]
so I bought my best friend a pair of
TOMS shoes if you don't know what Tom's
are if you buy a pair of these shoes
they send a pair to a child in need all
around the world really nice right I
mean we should probably try that with
groceries but I bought these shoes and I
found out she just returned them and
that's when it hit me you guys holy [ __ ]
what happens when you return Tom's
because I like it picture is some poor
little child running through the
wilderness somewhere with the founder of
Tom's running after him trying to grab
those [ __ ] shoes off of his feet and
send it back to Nordstrom's in Santa
Barbara all because my best friend
thought they looked weird on her feet
you guys turns out at Tom sells
sunglasses too it just seems like we're
sending them everything but what they
need right like what's not sending
Gatorade to they stop dying of cholera
what set of accessories right shoes
sunglasses maybe gonna round up some
used iphones after the show ship those
babies overseas it might be starving to
death you guys but they're going to be
really well-dressed and tweeting till
the very end
you know i ran down to your local
drugstore here and i got a pair of
nylons
you know because that's a trick you do
right sir you wear nylons underneath
your pants to keep warm right that's
what you do
if joe namath can do it so can you right
exactly
do you know who joan namath is do you
have any idea hit your name at this no
you're gonna have to go home and google
him too famous guy famous guy and you
wore nylons underneath this
and that's what i said oh and my
girlfriend said you know it does it
keeps you warm
go get a pair of nylons okay well this
man knows and maybe a couple other
gentlemen
know what i'm talking about right but to
buy a pair of nylons women
what we actually have to do algebra to
buy a pair of nylons don't we
right because there's a little graph a
little chart on the back it's not small
medium and large as you know sir
go ahead and google this but it's not
sml
it's not it's a letter abc we actually
have to break out our phones and solve
for x do we not we do
we do we do little graph little chart if
you're this tall and you weigh this much
you have to convert that into a letter
size a b or c
guess what i'm not on the graph i'm not
on the chart
i'm six feet tall 150 pounds i could try
to be
five nine and 135 that last data c
that's kind of hanging out there i can
try
so i brought them home brought them back
to the hotel i put you know and women
you know we're putting on nylons we're
going into battle
right we are we sit down and we get them
on or
stretching them around our shoulders
because they come out of the package
this big this big right we got to make
them long and we're working on them and
we got to get our hand we got to turn
our rings around
no hang nails no little points no well
wart
just stay home just stay up forget it
forget it
you gotta have a clean hand going in
right you know what i'm talking about
get that hand in i put on one foot and i
put on the other got one thigh going
this way one thigh going that way
it's work my husband's like you know
that's kind of sexy i'm like i'm working
here
hang on and i get them on and you know
so i see
right here crunch is right there
i'm over at the marriott i'm like i
gotta get over the dry bar
like an old jewish man in my house i'm
like oh yeah i can't i couldn't move i
couldn't move
my knees were locked knees were locked
oh man
but it was cold today so i went back and
i got queen size
hallelujah right queen size that's a
free-for-all no graph no chart
just a free-for-all you can get whatever
size you know what i'm talking about sir
right
fabulous they're fabulous i love queen
size i am wearing them right
now crunch is right where it should be
i'm very happy
very happy i have one problem i have one
problem yeah
here's the waistband
i don't know control top can you see the
control cup
[Music]
oh my gosh this guy just threw up are
you all right are you all right
and you're kind of excited i can tell
you
[Applause]
[Applause]
Jimmy nogada martini no Baba I'm gonna
win cuz my name is Csaba you're living
life over here like tuna will guess what
I'm the boss of han Solo
[Applause]
[Music]
pika pika pika Pikachu and that's what I
sell when I'm looking at you you were
coming to me you get your damn pup you
never get me but I'm gonna catch you
come on punch ah I thought that I would
catch them all but you were too dumb and
too small listen to my rhymes yes IMS
later be careful or you'll be my next
Slave Leia
[Applause]
too far Oh check it check it to check it
you think you're the best space bug you
know why I think you why you're just a
slug I look at you you're looking like a
hotdog weenie at least I wasn't murdered
by your chicken uppity knee
[Applause]
my raps are pristine I'm the king of
Tatooine come at me again and yells make
you scream that's who I was doing you
you and me you know when that equals you
suck is bad almost as bad as the
prequels yeah look at you you're getting
plans
unlike Anakin I don't like Sam
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
hot question even hotter host hi I'm
your house man Manning s'en and have we
got a whale of a show for you here today
let me introduce our our guests first we
have Noah yeah thank you very much I'm
sure all of you just think I'm crazy no
matter what I say great over to you
Jerry Seinfeld go ahead to be here local
Hawaiian oh and the darkness himself
Edgar Allen Poe I may be here today but
we are all lot not too long for this
well brooding brooding and again I'm man
mannington we're gonna start with our
first question
global warming Jerry your thoughts well
what's the deal with global warming I
mean it's supposed to be I'll hop of my
freezer still nice cool I'm good local
Hawaiian oh oh well you know I live in a
crash check every day of my life and
there's no hot showers so now the ocean
skinny warm I can swim in there it's
like a warm bath what an optimistic and
Edgar on vote every day the earth is
heating as our hearts within us beating
towards the sky our hands have clawed a
net then we asked where is our God
I know where he is I know where he is
I'm the the next topic of one that is
rather simple but I just want to know
your thoughts on paper versus plastic
let's start with you Jerry
well what's the deal with paper versus
plastic who's taking these bags and
throwing them around the ocean I mean
what's the deal with paper is it a tree
oh thanks thank you so much local
Hawaiian oh I used to think plastics you
know she's a big problem but I was out
swimming with my cousin and we've caught
one fish and I said well I'm gonna pull
with this fish I found a plastic bag
ready no I did not bad are you Edgar
she looks so fair my love sir
dressed in two toes in paper and plastic
know her beauteous for my eyes it was in
vain my true love died okay
noha noha you were thought well for a
long time we were exclusively plastic
until the unicorns got caught up in it
so now we're all paper
we're paper short and sweet I like it
thank you thank you so much another
hot-button hot-button topic this one is
actually from our audience audience
what's the hot-button topic you want to
know about gun control
hello who are your thoughts on gun
control oh well a couple people have
shot me and I never die so people can
have guns
[Applause]
No you gotta have your guns that's the
only way you can eat that's how we took
down the mammoths and the t-rex and
Jerry what's the deal I mean you take
away the gun the guy doesn't have a gun
then you give it back please gather come
back I mean who are these people
[Applause]
this game is called Carnegie Hall that's
very smart
that's the end of the game I just stayed
that he's smart uh how it works is
Zach's a very talented improvised singer
and what we're going to do is he is
going to receive words random words
written by Sammy Shay and Sam and he has
to include those into his song improv
Broadway band take it away
[Music]
down in Africa those lovely terrain but
in the slowy environment I need those
Thai inside my chain I get hungry for
potatoes and I wanna eat the sweet ah
then I'm gonna do the stamps I'm gonna
do that hakuna matata yeah
I was born in America you know that I'm
feeling lucky but I think God everyday I
wasn't born in Kentucky
no Addison I supply off you know I'm
cool but if you get too close I'll suck
your blood I'm cool I can go all day
it's almost beef inside matter
and I do you know it's automatic door
hinge yeah yeah yeah yeah already
not know them - you know I'm looking for
snails from a planet passing and it's
not Obama idea or roles are there you
know I've got the Dhamma Hajj cousin -
in here but when my wife asked me to go
I said no I'm not gonna take out that
garbage
[Music]
hypnosis osteoporosis
this game is called picot X and what I
need is I need two volunteers to unlock
their phone so we could borrow room for
a minute
oh you and you very good Brady and she
can only use dialogue from these text
messages I hope they're appropriate and
Sam will be the justifier he can fill in
words where ever he needs to we're gonna
get a prompt for a scene and this one is
right before a boxing match a coach and
a boxer ready again all right kid show
me the myths I've never had any interest
you can't say that not before the
biggest fight of your career speaking of
science and books a few months ago I got
a fairly cheap book that is a collection
of seven of Jules Verne's classic novels
that's your mother talking now and when
you came with me
we decided you'd be a boxer lol how dare
you bring that kind of talk on does this
whole group
oh no can I talk to you here for a
minute
anything you gotta say to me you can say
in front of my daughter oh not another
one out of you yet that'd be fun
[Laughter]
listen I feel you're pulling back a
little bit but I like you too much to
give up already
[Applause]
Sam and Sam are hosts of a of an award
show they're going to be telling you all
about the brand new musical so what I
need is a name of a musical that's never
existed oh I like that one the best
sad Santa Sam and Sam take it over
alright welcome back to kW XM 93 point 4
I'm point three and I'm Sam you know
what's really common around the holidays
1.3 seasonal depression that's right
which is why we started our own award
show where we pick our favorite musical
that's right and that's this song that
this show that we're about to present to
you is a show dedicated to everything
lovely about the holidays and everything
not so lovely about the holidays that's
right the good the bad the sad that also
said and this musical really embraces
that with the with the yin to santa's
yang the Krampus to Chris's Kringle the
Krampus that's right yeah the evil say
the actual Krampus that's right that's
right
that dark horns goat-like spirit that
torments the naughty children at
Christmastime by stuffing them in a bag
and beating them with Briers let's give
a listen to his big song get in the bag
[Music]
I know and I'm here to say get in the
back
the back get in the back get in the back
in the back
[Music]
you know you know when I first saw this
show when I was 12 it doesn't translate
on the record but during that number the
Krampus actually goes to the entire
audience grabbing every child that was
and stuffing them in his bag the song
goes on for about 20 minutes they don't
see their parents again until the show's
over there God it really gets the
audience invested yeah yeah they really
they really do care after that of course
who are the poor people who are caught
in the crossfire between st. Nick and
the Krampus the elves that's right the
true unsung heroes of of Christmas who
put aside dreams of dentistry to make
toys that's right in the the final song
that comes together is when the lead elf
he leads a revolution in the his his
little elf helpers join in that's right
that that song that song of multiple
tiny voices all singing together L unite
night let's have Italy night
[Music]
one two three four little dollies one
two four little dreams
[Music]
you and me together we can stand up for
ourselves
because we're the greatest creatures
were standing
we're gonna find a way to raise
tonight
one two three four health tonight
would that be alright
all you really are
night
[Music]
[Applause]
what you see before you is five
geriatrics that means old they are old
and how this works is I'm going to get
items from you and they're gonna jump
out and say back in my day we didn't
have those items and then make a punch
line so give me something that you use
everyday that's not a cell phone the
internet the Internet is your first
suggestion back in my day we didn't have
the internet if we wanted to complain
about somebody back in my day we didn't
have the Internet
we just talked to each other we went to
our neighbor's house and asked them for
toys and sugar and what we need it for
the winter and that's it
racking right and we didn't have the
internet and spam was a delicious meat
back of my knee we didn't have the
internet and if you wanted to get your
identity stolen you had to send a
picture of your face to bad guy back in
my day we didn't have the internet and a
Facebook was evidence in a murder trial
for a serial killer
had been visited give me an give me
another item another glasses back of my
day we didn't have glasses and if you
said bifocals you can get arrested back
in Friday back in my day we didn't have
glasses and the kid who we called
four-eyes just a mutant back in my day
we didn't have glasses if you wanted a
drink you kept your hands got you kids
back in bad day yeah we didn't have
glasses and if you wanted spectacles you
would just wear shorts at the Methodist
Church
no idea there were so many glasses jokes
give me another let's try it out back
Amani we'd have self-esteem and some
things just never changed that's obscene
[Applause]
this game is called don't be chicken how
it works is we have a chef here chef Kay
who runs the broke eatery big round of
applause for chef right over here you've
prepared these special for the show
tonight right
definitely so I understand these are
particularly spicy oh they're really
spicy yeah
so uh you can handle it I'm already
sweating from what I understand
jalapenos are are on the Scoville scale
and those are range at about 8,000 right
yeah
what are jalapenos there's no word in
350,000 skulls in one of the peppers
alone okay very good give it up for chef
K
[Applause]
[Music]
goodness oh my goodness I wish I would
have seen this in my contract nope
already got paid K back out now
oh how this game works is Zack and Kirby
are going to put on the scene if they
break laughs smile anything in the scene
they will have to eat a wing and for
sake of time for sake of time we're not
gonna make him eat the whole wing but
they will take a very generous healthy
bite so if we laugh or a thin line the
audience laughs right yeah let's make it
you guys that's fun oh they're already
laughing okay so we're gonna set the
scene this is just two friends on a dude
weekend okay yep all right hey Gary
yeah I just want to say your name dumb
sorry kirb already I know I should go
ahead and take a bite
oh boy yeah Richard I just which are you
don't touch me Kirby I'm sorry you got a
date another fight come on in a little
bit of a bigger bite this time not on
the piece you already bent go ahead and
spin that Richard Matt is is everything
okay at home
just you know my wife doesn't mommy
hanging out anymore I'm gonna give mercy
that's a laugh but I'll exact a good
bite okay
oh you know things I got over me let me
there I just appreciate the times the
you and I get to spend with each other
just you me that's important to me too
money both of you think about oh gosh I
got some bone to pick with you buddy
[Applause]
please do not bring up last summer I
thought we were over that yeah it's just
super hot in here just like it was last
summer and you left me at the lake man
you loved me at the lake
Janice was in labor Oh was I supposed to
do you you go for your buddy who's
sweltering in the heat Kirby take a bite
gosh darn it oh my lips are burning
buddy
you know oh thank you I was so
embarrassed I was there in my new slip
in Trump's yeah I remembers that speedo
with Ron Burgundy on the crotch go ahead
and take a whole swig of that what
hey hey take it easy
IRA still remember the mustache and I
remember that whole bulge thing yeah god
I don't know what we're doing Gary can
we just let bygones be bygones let's do
it let's make a pact today
all right let's bro it out man
this has been tonight at improv Broadway
did you guys have a good time tonight
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm with traveling one of the things
that I realized that I hate the most
about it is I hate TSA I hate TSA so
much I have like the most useless jobs
ever because it's like and get people
bring weapons and kill people at the
airport you make CSI taking their guns
no but you know what they are taking
your water your lotion your perfume your
preparation H whatever is going on in yo
life you gonna take it they taking it
all and you walk in as soon as you walk
in I'm like TSA stands for throw [ __ ]
away that's all the [ __ ] they do throw
your [ __ ] away okay like Highwood TSA
we're gonna throw your [ __ ] away and
step one throw right it's so weird
though because it looks like I feel like
I feel like they're job interviews were
like so on a scale of Shaquille O'Neal
at the foul line and Steph Curry with
the pot how good is your fadeaway jump
shot you know I'm saying like how good
are you were going away other people's
[ __ ] I couldn't throw away my lotion
like who is building coconut scented
bombs who the [ __ ] is doing that who
better see spicy spray anthrax who got
that not me I put all my frogs in this
book bag and one carry-on you need to go
check the [ __ ] it's going
through TSA PreCheck you gotta check out
my shoes you don't know what they got
new shoes bombs and stuff also going
through TSA I feel like maybe nobody in
this room can relate and know okay so
and off you know the black one y'all pay
everybody whenever I go see I study I
always check my hair they always want to
check my hair I get it it's not mine but
that's not your business really
oh [ __ ] you understand and they always
say like stuff I went through and if we
that's surprising they got to step on
through oh we gotta check your hair like
didn't check money at every Airport I go
to like this eh this is routine then we
have a black woman check my hair and
like I don't even know where to get
these black bumpers from sometimes I saw
black on the coral out of carrying case
it was like my bad girl on my car
I told me a couple of yards coming
through my check your hair so racist
that's the only job that you can have a
sigh from a hairdresser where you just
tell the black woman that you're gonna
shut touch our head she's not gonna [ __ ]
you up okay the only job I'd like okay
the government said you have to I guess
it's ridiculous I was in Oklahoma and I
didn't see any black women Oh glad for
him and I was like who won't check my
hair to take nobody got it like man when
I say they would've found a black woman
they would understand a bond it was like
Mary can you come over here
the chicken here I have spinning it in
my hair [ __ ] I don't think I got to get
water why y'all start for me
[Music]
ah did I like all this [ __ ] Fitness
health stuff man I do weird things to
get in shape I rock climb I went on a
juice cleanse recently I don't recommend
now that was a bad idea
you're supposed to research these things
right I didn't do that I was like I'm
gonna do a juice cleanse so I did 14
days 14 days nothing but Sunny D got
diabetes knows scurvy some
I was I was looking into this thing it's
called the Paleo diet Rice's diet you
eat stuff cavemen and access to because
I guess caveman we're like shredded or
some [ __ ] if I'm not mistaken didn't
caveman died of old age when they were
like 13 and doing it man
have a friend he's been trying to
convince me to CrossFit and I was like
yo man I'm not gonna join CrossFit okay
because I don't join cults okay I grew
up in a hippy Hindu Hari Krishna commune
till I was 12 years old and I'm
currently in a a so I know what cult
when I see one okay I'm not gonna get me
with that [ __ ]
[Music]
I have Sirius Radio now so I'm listening
to all this stuff I would never listen
to what some of these uh sure uh sure's
lyrics sound like he's reading out loud
his drunk text your boobies is like wow
wow wow the comedy lyrics do you
consider before settling on those I
think his name's uh sure cuz that's the
job you should have Oh too much for some
people it's like he's one of rights
let's make love in the club really are
you sure we're not [ __ ] uh sure up up
against the margarita machine since
we're experiencing intimacy how about
you not finish on my outfit that'd be
great see that was out of context now
sexy just arrived sir can you not finish
on my outfit see it's confusing right
you really want to make money right now
here's what you do you write a song that
makes teenagers think they can get rich
and famous without having to do anything
that's like every song you beautiful no
matter what they say actually you're
sixteen you've never read a book in your
life all you eat is chips and you're
pregnant
you're not beautification Perry says I'm
a firework technically you're an obese
latina goth I could say you got to work
on yourselves like everybody else
I'm not from around here I don't know if
you can tell Yacht Club new didn't you
sir yeah he's like they don't sell tie
dyes in LA your rights are you doing it
does it go to like the beach for that
crap they don't play around I moved down
from Fairbanks Alaska it's kind of a
gross place to live I don't know if you
guys know this but we have 10 men for
every one woman nope
no I would have sounded more excited you
know we we have a lot of men we do but
we also have a saying we say that the
odds are good but the goods are odd it's
not cute yeah the silver lining is that
I'm very popular with the men there I
think it's cuz when they look at me they
think damn but she could carry like 10
gallons of water in one trip all right
naughty little skinny [ __ ] I see you
look at the tiny one over there a little
precious little Asian girl I don't even
know what we'd do with you maybe lay out
in front of the door to block the draft
or something huh just adorable you can
recruit your friend here and I'll pay
each three bucks an hour to sit on my
feet and keep them warm they're so
precious are they what am I talking to
you're all tiny over here i scammed I
come over here like there's gonna be
some big fat ladies over here like yeah
it's still la on this side of the room
um still Los Angeles can I ask you
something Asian people Oh what is with
the picture-taking what is that like
just concept I used to live in New York
and whole groups of Asian people would
stop and individually take pictures with
me which I can only guess is because I'm
six-two which leads me to believe I
don't fit in any of your countries
because if I'm enough of a spectacle
that whole tour groups are like we gotta
take a picture with this lady you don't
have a bed for me anywhere in the whole
country I can't sit in a chair don't oh
oh no little skinny girl over I saw you
Oh boohoo no I eat whole cakes
ever I want I have a great life see you
I feel sad for it probably hurts to sit
down
we gotta cling to your giggly friend
when it gets windy I know the worst
thing about being little is you guys can
only sleep with like two or three guys
then everyone thinks you're a [ __ ] that
would never happen to me sir no I can
sleep with whoever I want and everyone's
like well good for you
it's amazing amazing
but the ladies we're gonna bond tonight
ladies
I miss manual flushing anybody else
manual flushing cuz I was good at it
you know I know exactly when I was ready
to flush I know you know but now I have
to leave it to the control of the
automated flushers yeah really catch
yourself and you're trying to trick it
like come on
I'm da
not long ago I had to do a gig in a tiny
little town and my agent booked my
flight I had to fly in on a Puddle
Jumper and it was a cheap flight too
midway through the flight you had to
chip in for gas and then I decided to
get a tattoo I I was trying to be subtle
it is the cutest cluster of spider veins
like right there right
[Music]
my favorite Southern woman would have to
be my great aunt Jackie and Jackie is 98
years old and I'm sure every family has
some version of her she is as old-school
southern as you can get like when I
first told her that I wanted to be an
artist and I want to go to art school
she was like what darlin why don't you
just get married and then you could
doodle all day long that's all school
sounds right there I was like I know you
have dreams but can't you get married
first
for real one of my greatest joys in life
was actually calling her up about three
years ago I think and I told her that I
was officially a full-time artist
without the prospect of a man inside and
she about had a heart attack it is true
that's actually what I I do that's what
I've done for the last three years I'm a
I'm a full-time artist and which also
means thank you well it also means I
have four part-time job so
four years of college I got a job for
each year yeah I did not tell her that
bless her heart she was great no she's
98 um she currently lives in a memory
care center cuz she suffers from
dementia she is oddly sharp as a tack
when it's convenient we do everything is
suspicious I'm using so my mom and I we
go to visit her last summer and the
nurse takes this to her room and she's
like this is Jackie's new room isn't it
so cozy and Jackie stops her and she
says cozy hose is just a polite word for
small I'm losing my mind not my sense of
space she was aware that she was unaware
Oh Mike that's Jedi right Bera yeah oh
sorry Connor Jedi Jackie oh yeah no JJ
so we're talking and um my mom points
out our chair and she's like we're techy
I love your chair is that new since last
time it is was very pretty where did you
get it I don't know but I like it and
someone else is missing one
making fears appears no load over there
I noticed his old man walking around a
room to room and he's chatting up all
the older ladies I was like ain't Jackie
who's that guy
she said that's Bern Bern of course his
name was burned yeah she said he's still
a married man he came here with his wife
and it flirts with all the other women
of course his wife can't keep track of
him because she can't remember she's
married to him do you that that's what
the vow should say not till death do us
part
till memory do us toy Vern was having
the time of his life he was killing it I
actually uh
ran into him in the cafeteria later and
and Jackie saw us talking and she rolls
up in her little wheelchair and she's
like burned don't you talk to her you
know she's too young for you and I think
she's related to me like that is love I
don't know you but I got you just in
case I know you
yeah I diodes are there I don't normally
tell people why they should or shouldn't
do my therapist says don't on
people but I will say if y'all have
elderly friends or family somewhere you
should call them you should go see you I
mean that sincerely they are way cooler
than we think they are Yeah right like I
used to be afraid to get in older until
I started hanging out with Jackie and
now I'm like no this is gonna be fun
here we go it's true though getting
orders we're just transitioning through
life no matter what age you are
um like I just had a birthday this year
y'all clap for that but that's okay it's
alright I have one last year to might do
it again next year I'm like mid-30s I
mean that 30s range and uh the 30s to me
are a very awkward age it's like the
adult puberty okay
yeah cuz you aren't that old
but you aren't that young either okay
you're not like teenagers start calling
you ma'am why are you being rude or
polite I can't
this person here all y'all are so nice I
checked it in my hotel yesterday a young
girl behind the counter was like are you
gonna need help with your luggage ma'am
and I was like you shut your mouth when
you're talking to me she news
was hard I got stopped this is really
people I don't worry about it 30 is the
new 20 I'm like yeah but it's not cuz
we're cool is because we still don't
know what we're doing you can't say that
in your 20s it's like oh look at her
flail in your 30s and you still don't
know it's like oh girl you need Jesus
you know older people try to be
encouraging they're like oh honey don't
worry him 72 and I still don't know what
I want to do when I grow up like that is
not ingredient that's depressing
the weirdest thing though about being in
my 30s was the day that I realized that
40 year old men were no longer creepy
what attractive
yeah like I don't really know when that
transition takes place but it does
you're quiet you're like what's she
gonna say oh no it's real when I was in
my twenties if so on it said to me that
for dear old dude is really in you I'd
be like mm-hmm
but now not that it happens but if it is
this Howard is angry that 40-year old
dude is really into you I'd be like go
on I also feel really creepy if I find a
guy attractive and I find out he's super
young I'm like oh wow he's cute and
someone's like yeah he's 22 I'm like oh
no I am so sorry possible ways to
babysit nue
yeah yeah uncle
Hey did you know that drive our comedy
has their own app Bo you can download it
right now and watch my whole special
I also decided I'm going to use a white
privilege that I get here's the thing
I'm a hundred percent Porto Rican but if
you just look at me you may not know
that right away you may just think like
I'm a white through the knows how to
roll blunts for his black friends
I get benefit of the doubt white
privilege I didn't realize until I got
pulled over by a cop one time and he was
like he's just looking to the guy you
can go I was like whoa I got a warning
and an erection of like this is hugging
though I'm gonna leave it up I'm doing
all types of white people [ __ ] now like
I went to a farmers market and bought
cheese I'm gonna make a charcuterie
board I'll give a yelp review I'm gonna
let my shoes get dirty as [ __ ] I'm doing
a lot of people [ __ ] dude scoop things I
understand by my younger white dude one
why the [ __ ] are your shoes always dirty
I don't understand if I can get new
shoes and you celebrate my jumping in
the puddle you're like yes pet dancing
and [ __ ] like
[Music]
my friends have also been inviting me
out to a lot of drag shows lately I'm
not a huge fan of them I feel like they
they remind me like those old racist
shows a little bit like I feel like drag
makeup is just like female blackface
they're not representing us in good ways
I don't know my friends are getting so
empowered they have names like Tasha
salad and like hazelnuts
well this like strut out and just like
gyrate to Tina Turner for a while my god
I just wish like one could have a
practical name like Susan you know she
come out lip-sync a TED talk about like
diversity and leadership at the
workplace we put so many singles in her
pantsuits ridiculous
now I actually used to do drag makeup
when I was in college and I didn't like
I was doing Tasha South's makeup one day
she was saying that she makes $100,000 a
year doing drag and that was crazy to me
because it broke my heart because I
realize that's men of one like that's it
you guys have won like you can dress up
like women make a hundred thousand
dollars if I wanted to do that I have to
get totally naked even then I get like
77 cents every sweaty dollar people
that's g-string
hey I'm Mason and I'm a part of the
Laugh Factory production team I hope you
enjoyed this clip you did please give
this video a like subscribe above and
comment below and we'll be back at you
with more comedy soon because this is
the Laugh Factory
but the other people that I don't hang
out way I women with small titties
I can't even god they offended man you
wanted to be my friend and now you know
we can't hang out I'm not questioning
here like that watch this women with
small titties make some noise women with
big titties make some noise okay so
three of y'all didn't scream what the
[ __ ] wrong with y'all you just got
nipples like and then why actually more
women with big titties that should have
been screaming and I don't know if you
guys don't think that I can't see you I
can but I tell the people with little
titties why y'all didn't scream when
your titties are this big they sit on
your diet friends you ain't got much air
you got a certain amount of air pockets
you hold no everybody box in the [ __ ]
night that's why when I said women with
big titties make some noise they were
like we gotta stand our low register
okay one of those TVs they scream like
cheerleaders you hit
not us we like haha we over here I got
on a [ __ ] we don't have that kind of
energy I can't hate waiting for a lot of
different reasons I'm outside different
this is why we cannot be friends and I'm
sure that you're an amazing person man
like you look great okay but I can't
[ __ ] hang with you i'ma tell you why
women with small ticket if you get by
more than one block at a time
somebody up there saying yes Lord okay
somebody know what I'm talking about
three bras on a handgun okay $10 I can't
[ __ ] with y'all I brought my brother one
block 70 bucks and then don't come on a
[ __ ] hangry come on a box don't and
it's delivered by UPS on the body now
that it's a weight requirement they're
not delivering this [ __ ] no more
I wanted a broader other day this guy
was like your entertainment center is he
it's my [ __ ] bra and I hate it
because it was so different they treat
us different they treat us like women
with small titties y'all have air every
variation of bra you could ever think of
Razorback up t-shirt bra plunge bra
y'all got all can't rob that don't even
have like nothing right here like just
the wire and y'all city just sit out
like no cups with some [ __ ] right I'm
only mad about that Broncos I tried to
buy and you couldn't see none of the
wire when I look at it it's like what is
this supposed to be big a surprise like
mine we get one kind of bra that [ __ ]
called full-coverage [ __ ] we get and
they don't got my dance come all of the
pretty colors and designs and [ __ ] ice
come in three colors black white no baby
oatmeal whatever that ugly
mother's created back in the 40s those
raggedy [ __ ] we don't get any
designed either we get that one little
piece of lace right here that you put
your finger through I bought one grab
that almost fit yeah almost wheel
titties this big they have never fit
okay it's just almost [ __ ] thick it
was by Joe Boxer y'all know Joe Boxer
really has those cute bras and they got
the most smiley faces right like they
the bra was cute and had all the little
smiley faces on it I put it on I went in
a room for my husband and he was
disturbed and I didn't understand why he
just kept pointing at the bra and I went
looked in the mirror and when I put the
bra on all of the smiley faces turned
into the screen man so angry what about
my titties made this bra a killer
okay
I know I don't rush down when they were
small titties anybody that didn't hook
their bra in the front or a hook and
unhook it with one hand in the back I
punched you in the face that's enough
not you friend not you even though you
got a bang naked coverage women with big
titties we got six hooks on the back of
our [ __ ] bra look like a goddamn
corset down there ladies and when we put
our bras on this a whole goddamn
activity you got to put your left leg
back you gotta brace yourself and once
you hook it you gotta spin that [ __ ]
around like a frisbee look at all the
women with little titties like I have no
idea what she's talking about [ __ ] I
know I make me angry in here and let me
tell you women I don't know something
about women with small titties or their
shoulders where the bra strap just falls
off their shoulders all the moments
spaghetti strap falls off their
shoulders not us a bra straps out it's
[ __ ] wide and look like panty liners
okay and they never fall off our
shoulders we got a dip and a dark mark
right here
as a matter of fact are there any
anybody getting married within the next
year make some noise good anybody in
here that just recently got married with
them the last year make some noise okay
let me say something to y'all if you had
a lady in your bridal party with big
titties and you make that [ __ ] wear a
strapless gown I hope your marriage
fails because you are you're a dumb
[ __ ] [ __ ] right you're not you're
not gonna [ __ ] well they don't make a
good strapless bra to fit on big asses
you put it on for 10 minutes and the
[ __ ] falls down like an army like I
don't know now we're walking around come
on take a picture we gotta hold it up
like this
[Music]
I love romantic comedies I don't know
why I just do because they're [ __ ]
dumb as hell cuz I'm a pothead I just
watch it I'm like and what I end up
doing is I overanalyze all the [ __ ] that
happens in a movie cuz I got i also love
science fiction people like all science
fiction is terrible to this fake I'm
like every [ __ ] movies fake I can
prove it romantic comedies every time
that couple goes on a date they always
find parking right away I can just pull
of the spot like oh well you know I'm
like get the [ __ ] out of here what you
didn't circle to block one time just
pull that hottest spot downtown like
we're here nah man I hate dates end
because I couldn't find a parking spot
it's just 20 minutes like mm-hmm you
don't even look at your tinder profile
the [ __ ] am i doing right now I take you
back to the house other thing that
bothers me in those movies it's like
that same couple the very first time
they had sex
the guy's good at it right away night
one he's killing I like that get the
[ __ ] out of here that's not real this is
a woman he's not been able to stop
thinking about some some moment he saw
her told all his friends about her told
his mom mom I think I met the one she's
so special I can't wait for you to meet
I could see you spending the rest of my
life with it so the minute he gets her
alone he's able to put it in and she
makes that noise you make when you eat
pizza that's too hot like and then he
picks her up clears off a table it's
like laying it down lasting for at least
ten minutes get the [ __ ] out
Oh
so I put myself in that situation if
this is a woman I've not been able to
stop thinking about since the moment I
saw her I told all my friends about her
I told my mom about her mom I think I
met the one the minute I get her alone
and I put it in I'm coming immediately
it's just gonna be like oh that does not
feel like my hand holy [ __ ] like why is
this so warm what do you have in there
it's like a like a bell Bay heating pad
what the [ __ ] that's why you gotta lay
down ground rules and [ __ ] I gotta like
I'm gonna put it in don't move yet
it's been a while so if you move you're
gonna be [ __ ] 9 months pregnant so
relax tell me about your day don't make
eye contact and we'll get through these
next six jokes together like this that's
a real [ __ ] sex scene for you first
time I have a sex is like going to the
eye doctor you're just rying to figure
[ __ ] out like which one's better is it
number one or number two
get about the same and number three no
three okay you don't make for you
but when it bothers me the most is the
second is that couple will take a shower
together you always see it just two
bodies and a whole bunch of steam she
puts her hand in the glass door
slides it down it's all romantic and
[ __ ] yeah that [ __ ] works in movies
because they have Hollywood bathrooms
they don't have shitty one-bedroom
apartment in Chicago bathrooms where you
have to wait 10 minutes before the water
even gets hot and then when you do get
in the shower you got to stand in a
single-file and it is always in a pack
just shivering [ __ ] any kind of hot
water please God on my face something
just get mad dick shows up inside of you
just look like two lesbians taking a
shower
I can't have sex baby we can scissor I
don't know how this is gonna work
it's go and there's no door to put your
hand on just that dirty a shower curtain
like creeping up trying to touch you
like that
I need stronger magnets why the [ __ ] is
this oh it was happening to me I was
gonna shower water girl I'm just back
there shivering I'll piss talks my dick
looks like a doorstop I'm like this is
terrible I got so frustrated I peed on
her feet and I walked out of it I gotta
go
[Applause]
it's pretty good
how is everybody self-esteem that is
wildly intimidating oh my goodness I'll
be honest you guys my self-esteem is not
doing so hot I think it's because
recently someone told me that I seemed
like I would have allergies
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
people
pretty cute though right thank you so
much
[Applause]
I think I'm cute but I'm pretty firmly
in that category you know right
middle-of-the-road
doing fine and sometimes I do wish so
there were more extreme looking you know
like I wish that I were really hot
[Music]
either one I'd be happy with either you
know because right now I feel like I am
just attractive enough but I have to
take care of myself
[Applause]
shoes you know if I could choose to be
really hot or really ugly I would choose
to be ugly right because if you're a hot
person at some point the party's over
you know you're not gonna be hot forever
I'm so sorry last activity but if you're
ugly screw it from the get-go right
relax your whole life
I've been having a fear lately I think
that might be a bummer what do you guys
think all due respect you do not know me
I I started worrying there might be a
bummer because I realized I do this
thing when anyone asks me any question
before I answer the question I do this
how are you
I answer questions
I've been having this problem I can't
tell the difference between flirting and
good customer service they want to know
the whole story I told okay I was just
standing in an aisle
this guy came up to me out of nowhere
[Applause]
[Laughter]
somewhere you have to learn things like
figure out where the snacks are voyage
when you leave somewhere you you avoided
everyone you are done you can go home
and imagine the people who are still
there missing you asking where you will
win
you might even receive a did you leave
next we're gonna did you leave Texas
like jackets oh and I am NOT responding
to this until 2:00 p.m. tomorrow
you are going to wonder what happened I
love leaving so much that sometimes when
I'm not actually leaving a place but
someone gets confused and says goodbye
to me I will just go like you're right
great idea for all we can do that people
don't like about leaving and saying
goodbye right it could be like hard or
awkward to say goodbye but did you know
you don't have to just leave the party
to say goodbye before you leave you have
incredible self-esteem I'm gonna be here
any more what you might want to know
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
I grew up in California myself anybody
here from California everyone else pay
attention the other ones who the weed
right there see after the show uh my mom
is a hippie you might relate to this my
mom is a hippie which sounds great but
kids need structure so she wasn't good
at it I mean one time she did bust my
brother for smoking hash because he was
doing it wrong and wasting it that's the
first time to talk with me about drugs
when I was younger she's like a worst
person in the world for that job you
like hey man listen I know you're gonna
try pot right look I'm just worried if
someone offers you weed on the street
man you got to be careful it could be
laced or dangerous you never a look at
that I just bring it home and I'll test
it for you kind of parenting is that
that's why I watch certain television
shows you know like I watched the
Springer Show every now and again
because I miss my family you know I
let's be honest if you have a bad day
watch that show for ten minutes you will
feel better about your situation in life
won't you never say the people they
fight over we all like the same thing
like Jesus could they even pass on look
at that void and freak it's got more
girlfriends and you got deep I don't
even do that [ __ ] that's amazing I love
how they go to bat for someone they
never met before though right cuz you
never see somebody care about a complete
stranger like they do on that show like
all askew me canta canta canta
okay that's right that's right cuz I'm
gonna tell you something over there girl
mm-hmm well take it on bare hand for how
long he won't do that to you oh hell no
ever got time for that then the guy
starts like was I talking to you my eyes
oh oh oh thanks oh you're gonna talk to
the fifth Google handy especially cuz I
got o g9o man look at the white girls
out the time
something else about me I did go to
school I'm a nurse alrighty
[Applause]
I feel like no matter what you do though
people always want to hook up which is
cool I grew up in the house over you can
tell where people work based on what
there was a lot of in the house like we
didn't consider it still and it was my
cooking the family uh my brother worked
at McDonald's we just had a refrigerator
full of apple pies they my sister worked
at FedEx Kinkos we had different color
athame paper just stack up to the fill
and a living room then when I became a
nurse I followed protocol I brought home
travel size everything lotion body wash
baby powder pretty much the whole like
walking through the hospital kit like I
turned it to the over of the family I
brought home patient belonging bags full
of goodies for everybody I'm mr. Johnson
you want to call me you'll need that
iPad both arrested
but it's crazy people always want to
hook up my mama called me I work today I
was like you think you could bring home
a couple cases of flu shots for your
sister baby shower
we just gonna set a table up you could
just do your thing
you want me to administer flu shots at
the baby shower well you could put them
in the gift bags if you don't want to
get a shot though my momma boyfriend's
before a stem cell transplant
it's sad that he needs one but what's
[ __ ] up is the fact that you think
that I could bring one home like so you
don't understand the severity of your
condition you owe nothing I could put in
this bag bucks he asked for
extraordinary thing so that's always
you've honest [ __ ] yeah one dude was
like hey you think you could bring the
brother the clear machine home the clear
machine
he was like yeah my you know the Reviver
clear
[Music]
[Music]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I'm really good at fantasy football
that's it who here plays fantasy well I
wrote this for you
racially ambiguous man um are you
Filipino are you mixed are you Hispanic
I like that you're a white lady like now
don't [ __ ] us even more
it's like [ __ ] I'm part of the 47% what
you can't say what are you forget it no
I can't because then in like ten years
if I'm like lucky enough to like suck a
famous dudes Jack and get famous or like
remember when she asked that racially
ambiguous man what are you and then I'm
gonna die so whatever you are it's
beautiful I'm happier here please don't
leave uhm you play fantasy I was in
three leagues this year I went every
single one of them thank you
it gets a little less impressive the
first league was all comedian so it's
like okay I'm nailing on to the computer
you can't like write it in a notebook
and mail it to go tell the second leak
was all my guy friends from high school
so it was very intense really serious
they really wanted to win like I've seen
their wives on Facebook so when I won
they were so pissed do you know what
Megan fantasy football isn't even real
I'm like what that thing with fantasy in
the title like yeah I get it I don't
want Harry Potter like it's a [ __ ]
documentary yeah also I don't want it to
be real do you know how uncomfortable I
would be with owning 11 black men right
now
it's tough because it's like I know I'm
gonna do the joke and then I'm like
we're cool okay I said uncomfortable
yeah it's like Ezekiel Elliott you are
free to go at any time
the third leg was all women and all
female fantasy football league called
sacks in the city my team name was that
so Ravens these [ __ ] wanted me to
lose too they did everything in their
power to make sure I couldn't win right
before the draft all the girls got
together and they decided that we
weren't allowed to pick any players that
had ever committed any violence against
women it's like okay I guess I'll take
six punters and Air Bud
[Music]
[Music]
I am I'm in a spectacular mood for a
multitude of reasons
um number one because I'm not a cougar
ah because even though I'm over at 38 I
think it's
to call a woman a cougar because she's
with a younger dude if you're gonna call
me a name because I'm with a younger
dude call me what I am sore I uh
yeah I only leave the house to let the
swelling go down
I am god I wish these were jokes I am
because here's a deal when you're young
you're stupid no offense Ali but and
it's not cause you're blond it's just
because you're young because if you're
young in America and you read dumbass
magazines with Kardashians on the cover
those fat-ass Armenian have
ruined everything I don't care I don't
care it I hate them two million
dollar birthday party for their whole
wranglin mom that's she calls
herself a momager because she's a mom
manager like all moms or managers that's
the deal of being a mom you wrangle your
kids you make sure they're safe she's
not a momager she's a mom pimp she's a
mint that's what she is so in a hustler
hos little since they grew pubic
hair I hate that
spasibo we're taught like that you open
a magazine and the women look perfect in
the magazine I'm picking up bad habits
I'll see a man walking by bags under his
eyes and and I think saw that poor man
he's so tired it's been working so hard
and then I'll see a woman walked by with
bags under her eyes and I think wow that
part woman she looks like crash
thank you double standard right yes it
is and Who am I to talk I got to wear a
lot of makeup just to look plain yeah
I'm from northern Wisconsin look like me
they're like Oh curvy boy but were
scrappy and over top I am used to
scrappy women I uh I met this gal one
time up north by my folks house her name
was Eve and she was about 81 but like an
old 81 and Eve told me that for her
living she had been a trapper her whole
life and then first of all I was like oh
please let it be an animal's please
please please
I walked right into this one no it was
animal so uh she goes on telling me
about her heart surgery very tough
interesting lady um smoking as she was
telling me about it because Eve is not
quitter
and I know and she it was so interesting
she had a heart transplant but it wasn't
a human heart in there it was like a
part of a pig heart yeah and character
heart come you don't talk about don't
you yes it's the real science you guys
it is it the only only problem is you
got way too a pig dies in a car accident
I could take months
so get on the pig lips now guys for some
happens to you and then enough
elementary and high school my lunch
ladies their name this is Wisconsin oh
my gosh
what's that girl bad muses all right oh
my God look at you [ __ ] ladies oh
it's a party I love it
you leave leave the fellows at home sure
you're like wait kale bombs are dead
just like holding a severed dick in her
hands like [ __ ] I'm too much are you
ladies a married divorced
both Merritt married so one divorce to
the other you know I mean I love it here
riddle me this because you hear your
gals about town I've seen some [ __ ]
obviously men don't find their underwear
am i right
oh yeah you can't be the mayor of this
place lady here though bed I don't and
I'm sure there's some lovely men here
some progressive males that do by their
own underwear but the men in my life
stone they never [ __ ] do and like I
started noticing this because every year
for Christmas the only thing that my dad
gets from my mom it's like he's only
[ __ ] present is a jumbo pack of
jockey underwear
that's all he get and every year he's so
excited to get into just so what's that
it's is one president of a tree picks it
up shake cities like what could it be
rips it off learning the jockeys Thank
You Linda a disease like what were you
doing before those arrives it's like
finding bits of roadkill and wearing
them as a sheath like and at first I
said maybe she's like an old man thing
so I started asking my guy friends in
their 20s and 30s I'm like hey guys you
buy your own underwear and those what
book mom was bitching like right
asking a question and and the real
reason why I'm talking about this right
now
I'm noticing [ __ ] the husba idiot that
I married I'm like pointing it in the
back and you fine
lovely man he like I don't think anybody
has ever bought this man underwear like
not an ex-girlfriend not his mom not bad
nobody because every single pair of his
boxer briefs giant crotch hole right
here
what is this cute not not like a little
one like a better so let up but like a
big one like my dicks made of acid you
don't mean you just crust around our
apartment like they're doing the job
they're fine they're working I'm like I
can see his balls like they're not doing
their job the one job of men's underwear
so like strap that in right dick just
stuck to his leg like an old tuna not a
tuna tuna is kind of big like a perk
you're a tiger I know my fish a pike
maybe it's gross because at this point
they're not like just like a hobo Joe
crotchless panties you know what I mean
it's disgusting and I'm like women
without you you're probably wearing the
cutest underwear right now you never
didn't like a lip hanging out being like
love me you know what I mean
this wouldn't happen so it's like I
guess like it's my job to go buy um
underwear right now right and I always
used to feel so bad for guys when I see
them flying underwear for their ladies
you ever been to Victoria's Secret to
buy the speech a little full something
never done that it's so embarrassing I
so hard like I feel so bad for guys when
I see them in a Victoria's Secret cause
it's always the same the guy walks into
Victoria's Secret like a little cool and
as he turns to leave some hot chick who
works there name like char beam with
huge hit balls up she's like oh my god
you look lost can I help you let me help
you
and you look unutilized wing for my
girlfriend my god what's the occasion
he's like Oh their anniversary
she's like my god what size is she he's
like from who knows like medium like no
silly with her bra size needs like
ejaculation leave anyway sorry
[Music]
nice to work at the hospital I hate that
you can't even call in sick through the
hospital come on in and we'll check you
in
everybody think as you work that he's
supposed to be nice about everything
ladylike 400 pounds like me that's the
pressure offered at me one do head HIV
wanted me to give him CPR I was like
nine dollars an hour you might not make
it a day plan take some girl ooh yellow
boots I'll be like breathe some of the
juice kidding you I'd miss your day up
you cough like oh [ __ ] I got it I got it
I feel like working on the ambulance
that was fun busting people house they
don't have time to change nothing around
whatever was going down that's what we
see one dude I guess it was his
anniversary he tried to jump off the
dresser onto his lady and jump too far
and hit his head on the headboard we
come in he laying down between the bed
and the dresser butt-naked with a little
Superman cape tied on this man even try
to fly to some ass and it flew too far
hit his head ain't looking at me like do
CPR I see you better put them balls away
Oh God the dating is so horrible the
problem with the dating is the men yes
I'm just putting it out there the
problem is the men because men just you
guys just get too sexual
you're thinking about sex all the time
sex xxx half of you are looking at your
drinks right now being like Oh shaped
like my dick right sir right sir he's
looking at this beer bottle he's like
yeah only in he's black so it should be
like a two-liter bottle sex xxx all the
time
it happens all the time like men get too
sexual too quickly with me online the
other day I was on OkCupid I was eyeing
again and I am it starts out fine the
guy goes hi how are you oh my good how
are you
the next thing he writes are you a horny
girl what what this guy went from hi how
are you - are you a horny girl in two
sentences
that's a hard left turn like that's an
aggressive turn you know to mean like
there should have been a middle sentence
I feel like there needed to be a
transitional sentence maybe it should
have been hi how are you what are you
wearing are you a horny girl just
something right something in between
this happens all the time where men just
get too sexual too quickly so now I have
a technique I have a way of dealing with
it I will write them is your dick out
because mine is yeah they take off
running yeah I never hear from them
again it's good it's good
I think I hurt myself for real I have no
insurance I don't is unnecessary the
world's about the end why do I need each
other over the Hurricanes left and right
you know hurricane
Irma wait maila hurricane her mother
that's an old lady named a category five
with a name like mo she can't come
through real swoosh you gotta take us on
[Music]
let me go back this way let me go back
to where do I live
hurricane got amnesia Oh
my back hurt you don't think I'm making
fun of all the people I love old people
my grandfather is 107 years old okay oh
come on don't clap
I appreciate it don't clap this time for
him to go
107 you lived your life there somebody
else does too
Oh for Norrell hundred and seven I need
that house okay I love my grandfather
man but this idiot it's time for him to
go I used to be afraid of my grandfather
has been a vegetarian his whole life
never had a stroke but Zion and reason
why I say he never had a stroke because
when he laughs he doesn't smile I
thought he had a stroke of his smile
muscles were broke but he see you
laughing you go yo laughs you know your
teeth cause he didn't do well my brother
left my graph I'll use your laugh you
and it is sins
my grandfather laughs it's just that's
creepy
my mother used to ask you you want to
spend time with your granddaddy no man
why not because he laughed like he got a
haunted house in his throat that's why I
love him he has a sense of humor he told
me one time he said I'm so old when I
fought it does come out of my butt
it's dude is hilarious he doesn't have a
filter anybody have grandparents like
that don't have a filter yeah they tell
you like it is don't think you need that
in your life
keep it real my grandfather does not
care he asked me one day he said boy
when you gonna get successful hurt
somebody who's trying my granddad you
hurt my face I don't care nothing you
need to get successful like that that
that that that that Steve Harvey got his
own talk show got his own radio show too
that he's hosting a family feud they
won't let him host a prizes right I said
why you say their granddaddy cuz they
don't want black folks hosting the
prizes right
why you say their current data cuz they
think we gonna change the name of the
show from the prices right to something
like the price I
yeah subscribe to drive our comedy for
even more of the world's largest
collection of clean comedy
I don't get something with like birth
controls against my religion if you
can't slap religion I'm like really are
you are you serious
like seriously seriously I mean because
uh not getting pregnant is the only
thing I pray about I go to church on
Christmas and Easter and weeks I'm late
that's it or like it takes a pill you're
going to hell
well that sounds way better than
watching frozen mm hon I don't believe
in accidents I don't but it's my
favorite Christian argent I love it
anytime they're like hey say a virgin
you'll never get pregnant that is
inaccurate
isn't it Christian
like it's 100% us I said well then
someone's rounding up absence failed and
when it fails is called Christmas yeah
we exchange gifts on absolute failure
day not that new Jesus young himself
colleges knee probably just my
experience I just don't think Jesus is
that different from every guy I've ever
dated
great similar right to do drawn here
some wine
I hope you're cool with all my rule
like really Jesus I gotta go to your
place again this weekend there are just
so many pictures of your mom there
so they don't like that joke just
looking there like me he can't make fun
of Jesus he's coming back jesus promises
a second coming yeah
every guy does
taco bell recently announced i guess it
turns out it's the most healthy fast
food restaurant in america
that's a real sentence i just said
that blew my mind
honestly you guys because i know not one
person in the history of the world that
has walked into a taco bell and thought
i'm here to make good decisions
no
no
i've never seen a wine at the drive-thru
at taco bell in the daytime because
we're all waiting for the sun to go down
cause we're ashamed
cause taco bell tastes better between
the hours of two and three in the
morning when we're incapable of making
good decisions
no hate to talk about totally love it if
they ever want to sponsor me i'm totally
down
i had a taco bell for lunch
which hey look yeah i like it i like
taco bell i think
i think it's fine i think it's good
i just don't tell people i like it
because they always say the same thing
to me like you know it's not real
mexican food
like yeah there's a taco made out of a
dorito i got it
news flash folks nobody thinks taco bell
is real mexican food when you go into el
pollo loco nobody's like hey you know
those chickens aren't actually crazy
taco bell they they crack me up right
because
they know if you're gonna eat there
you're gonna eat there right nobody's on
the fence about taco bell nobody's like
well let's just wait and see what the
next commercial looks like you know if
you're gonna go back or not
and taco bell knows that that's why they
can put out a product that has the exact
same ingredients as three other products
on their current menu
they just change the name and or shape
of it
and will make you feel dumb for asking
about it
they're like what we have for the spring
this is seasoned steak lettuce cheese
tomato and sour cream encased in a flour
tortilla anybody have any questions um
yeah that sounds like a steak burrito
well it's not
okay the steak burrito is rolled up okay
with this we fold the sides in we press
it with a t-shirt iron i don't know
what's so hard to understand about the
technology we've invested in the
crunchwrap so what are we calling it to
crunchwrap
they're desserts they don't even try
with their desserts
they just take some other dessert you're
kind of familiar with and change it a
little bit you know
we have cinnabon bites
isn't that just a cut up cinnabon
i mean yeah but we cut it up for you
okay
you could say gracias
we took the time to put it into this
drink cup that was already sitting right
here
how much of the lifting do we have to do
[Music]
i remember a couple years ago
the hostess company went bankrupt and
then like a month later some mysterious
entity
saved them from bankruptcy i thought for
sure it was taco bell i was waiting for
that commercial
for years i was waiting for that
commercial right just
it's a twinkie burrito we have stuffed a
twinkie full of taco meat deep fried it
sir would you like twinkie cream or sour
cream i don't care if it's coffee cream
i would like my twinkie burrito
some fire sauce
two ho ho loopers
and a mountain dew the blue mountain dew
too i want the baja
is that taco bell i'm not bragging i'm
just telling you where it was
behind the counter at a charity event
you can give a dollar on top of your
order and you know feel better about
yourself for 48 seconds
but i don't want the attitude when i
don't want to give i placed my orders
because you want to give a dollar to
this charity you know it goes on top of
your order i'm like no i give him my own
way she goes she goes
i was like i'm sorry she goes you don't
care about people's health
i was like ma'am i am eating at taco
bell i don't care about my own health
a lot of traveling with this job too man
um
gosh and just when you travel it's just
easy to eat fast food but i would eat
fast food if i wasn't traveling
because fast food's the best food um
taco bell is the best thing ever where's
my taco bell yes
[Applause]
love it
thank you i i love it i just don't know
what to do with it when people try to
ruin it for you like the healthy people
like when you eat it in front of them
they're always like that's gross man
don't you know how they make that
and i'm like no
but i wish i would love to make this at
home like
save more money
i've got these friends they know i like
they make their own food they're weird
man um
they know i love the quesadilla at taco
bell and they're always like lee we can
make you a quesadilla that's better than
taco bell
and i'm like yeah but can i come to your
house at 2 am and get it
is that what you want me to drive to
your house to your window yell for food
at 1am
i'll do it
and
they try to gross you out with the
nutrition facts like we care
like but the meat they use it's a great
sea meat it's grade c and i'm like you
know what i was a c student too
that is a passing grade we're doing just
fine
and
we get by on seas we're good
i was into one taco bell once before i
could order the guy at the counter he
stopped me he's like dude i just gotta
let you know something
um the meat pump is broken
the meat pump is that what you call your
toilet like
oh no we're at taco bell that makes
sense like
and that's the other stereotype i don't
care for that they always give on taco
bell oh taco bell makes you poop makes
you go to the bathroom i'm like what
food doesn't make you go to the bathroom
when's there ever anything to brag about
okay i went to a vegan place last month
still hadn't pooped
let's see for the longest time i thought
ariana grande was a meal at taco bell
he's like it's not
[Music]
i thought that was the number six
mountain dew light ice let's go
what's happening today i love fast food
i went to taco bell for dinner tonight i
did that yeah
oh you guys like it or um
[Laughter]
use my credit card to pay for it uh
because my career is on fire
right now
how sad your life has become when you
have to finance a chalupa you know
you're like all right
zip it through see what happens
i had this awkward moment with the lady
behind the counter because she asked if
she could see id with the credit card
just to make sure that the credit card
wasn't stolen
is that a thing in america now stealing
credit cards the first place you take it
is taco bell for real that's for you
we're gonna max this baby out
dollar 89 at a time
forget the plasma screen tv you morons
i'm gonna make it arrange chalupa
getting this party started
this is pretty awkward this has never
happened to me before i went through the
drive-through window today right got my
fast food bag
put it on the passenger car seat and the
passenger car seat belt light came on
[Laughter]
it's like how much food did i order
if the car thinks there's another human
being in the car
still ate it it's fantastic
so good
i've been working in public education
for eight years
and i do not have a teaching license
[Laughter]
i'm not qualified for my job but i'm the
best one at it you can see the confusion
[Laughter]
like
imagine like as an adult i applied for a
taco bell
i did not get hired at the taco bell
which meant that i was not capable of
reheating bean pouches of diarrhea
but somehow i'm capable of teaching
walking bean pouches of diarrhea it's
crazy crazy
it's cool when i was in high school i
like i was a big fan of spanish
and so when i was in high school i had
the opportunity to like go to mexico to
study abroad you know which was super
cool for like a spanish class which was
crazy
my parents say anything was a good idea
to send me anything it was safe so i
just did the next best thing
i got a job in a taco bell
[Laughter]
you don't be fluent in like three weeks
you know what i'm saying
i'm kidding that's stupid that's stupid
that's a lot you guys know mexicans
don't work at taco bell you know that's
all black people all black people
and then white people like chick-fil-a
or starbucks you know i'm saying
i think you're choosing chick-fil-a my
name's stacy how can i
help you today
it's crazy and i know black people work
at taco bell too because they're stingy
with their meat you know what i'm saying
you know what i'm talking about like
have you tried like doritos locos tacos
or whatever
they give you like a little bit of meat
then throw a salad on top of your taco
i'm like devonta you better take this
bag
[Music]
devonte is a black person's name
that's why that's funny
here's a thing that happened recently i
laughed at my mom so hard in public that
she started yelling at me you know
here's the backstory have you ever by
the way laughing so hard like falling
down in the aisle at the grocery store
and i laughed here's what happened she
told me her dog had diabetes okay and i
started laughing so hard no it's so fat
of course it does you know it's so big
and she was like it's not funny how
could i have known he has diabetes and
i'm like probably because he looks like
a propane tank with legs that's how
you know
there were so many clues
he's huge
of course he's diabetic and then
also you feed him people food all the
time i caught her feeding him doritos
locos tacos from taco bell once
it's like why are you why are you
feeding him the more expensive tacos you
know
she is true she goes he prefers them
what
did he tell you that
what is happening here also he's a
chihuahua we get it you know
it's ridiculous i saw this on the sign
outside mcdonald's the big sign the
marquee or whatever it said now hiring
apply inside
yeah apply inside apparently they've
determined that there's a big problem
[Music]
big problem with potential employees
just driving right by
it's just just potential yeah i'd like
to get a job at that mcdonald's but
where do you where do you go to apply
i don't know i think you go downtown to
the sheriff's department
it's all
political it's who you know
sometimes sometimes they
sometimes put this now hiring inquire
within
that's pretty fancy language for a taco
bell isn't it
you ever talk like that it's like
shakespeare at the damn side
i just want to go in there is the
manager within
oh manager or manager where file dial
manager
surely within the confines of these
walls
to make chalupas or not to make chalupas
i was here yesterday to no avail
inquire within inquiry then i guess when
you're gonna go you're gonna quit you
gotta give them your fortnight notice
you know
i shan't be returning
i'm shining to be back
they have no idea the electronic trail
they leave everywhere
on the phone on the computer all day
they don't realize there's little
footprints everywhere sometimes easy to
follow
i go to bed the other night do the
things that dads do turn off all the
lights
put the thermostat back where it goes
close the cabinets
go to sleep at 11 30 wake up at seven in
the morning there's a taco bell bag on
my counter
my boy comes in crack and new what's up
you go out last night no
taco bell bag i don't know nothing about
that
really
i went on your bank account saw a charge
for taco bell
somebody must have stolen my card
so somebody broke into my house last
night
found your wallet took your atm card
cracked your pin code
spent three dollars
broke back into the house
replaced the card undetected left trash
on the counter
what do you think of that crime
dude slipped up
dude slipped up
my dad is uh i'm mixed race actually my
dad is white from michigan and my mom is
white from ohio so it's uh yeah it's a
nice mix nice border joke some of you
got that okay very good
um so yeah it's it's fun but i i've
never gotten past food i you know um
drugs and alcohol aren't really
necessary you know when there's taco
bell
like i'm sorry it says
it's like now they're heroin i'm gonna
get a mexican pizza you know this looks
good one of the ladies i work with she
challenged me she's like you know what
if you serious about getting in shape
you should try
yoga and i was like yoga
you can't challenge me to do something
and think i won't do it alright
so i i did it i went to the yoga studio
i signed up problem was i accidentally
signed up for hot
power yoga
[Applause]
and if you don't know what hot
power yoga is let me tell you
they put you in there for 90 minutes
in a floor with just wood floor and
stuff like that and then they turn the
thermostat all the way up
you cannot challenge me to do anything
in this world without me preparing
so on my way to hot power yoga i stopped
at taco bell and got my usual
[Applause]
i love that guy back there
it's my new friend
so i'm in this class and we're about 45
minutes into it right and i'm in
downward dog at this point
and you think i'm sweating now
[Music]
lake havasu was forming underneath me
and the funny part about it there was a
really cute girl next to me and lake
havasu was getting closer
closer
misty the instructor was like shaking
her head throughout the class
i was already mad because they don't
make yoga mats for fat people like me
okay
there was no cup holder for my diet
pepsi
about an hour into the class i hear this
misty focuses on me at this point in
time
they put me in the final position in the
final pose which is child's pose
huddled up with a little ball
you all know what a jake break sounds
like when it lets loose
misty's hair blew back like it was
hiroshima
people were running for the room
[Music]
point is i'm no longer welcome at hot
power yoga
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm at that age my parents really want
me to get married they would love for me
to married like within the culture like
a Middle Eastern guy which I'm not
opposed to I love all different types of
men but the thing is I'm so Americanized
I can't see myself with a guy like fresh
off the boat you know from like Iran
which would never happen because they
can't get in the country right now oh
[Laughter]
but the point is we wouldn't even
understand each other's lingo you know
I'd be like hey babe I'm gonna go run
errands and he'd be like who the is
Ed in you gonna work you do you I do me
but you mean you do yourself you lesbian
are you gonna cook for me I'm like oh my
god that's so cute you think I cook no I
got you a green card okay you know I
love doing stand-up if you guys have a
dream follow your dreams I love doing
everything at you know do what you love
my parents though on the other hand do
not understand what they do at all I'm
like dad I'd love to go on stage and
perform and my dad's like is that like a
dude a pink like no doubt I go on stage
and I tell jokes
that's not funny here if I don't you
tell jokes as a lawyer
now you go to courts you tell joke you
make money I'm like that's not my dream
dad because I could make it your dream
my mom took it worse my mom's like what
is wrong with you are you lesbian it's
okay
be lesbian lawyer
[Music]
Oh
- Thank you so much, 
how's everybody doing tonight?
(audience cheering)
I am so excited to be here.
Thank you guys for having me.
I drove up here.
I live in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Who's been to my hometown, 
Las Vegas?
Yeah.
(audience cheering)
Yeah.
Losers, yeah.
Yeah. I love Las Vegas,
but I'm not from there.
I grew up in the Midwest.
Anybody from the Midwest?
(audience cheering)
Where are you from?
- [Audience Member] Indiana.
- Indiana where else?
- [Audience Member] Chicago.
- Chicago? I'm from right
in between from
Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
oh, yeah, you betcha.
Yeah.
(audience laughing)
I don't know why, 
but we all say stuff backwards.
hey throw me down
the stairs a towel.
(audience laughing)
I don't get back there very often,
but I went back this last summer.
I had a big family reunion.
Who's got crazy people
in their family?
Know my pain?
(audience cheering)
No, I got an email for this thing
like in January, from a cousin.
"Oh, Kathleen, 
"we're having our very first,"
she typed the accent in the email.
(audience laughing)
"We're having our very
"first family reunion.
"Hope you can make it.
"It's going to be a hoot!
(audience laughing)
"Please RSVP ASAP. 
"Love, your cousin."
And I filed it away.
I don't even read the whole email.
Every month, I get reminders.
"Don't forget about the reunion."
File it away.
Well, the next thing I know,
this thing's a week out.
Oh my gosh, I forgot.
Now I had to scramble,
get a hotel, airline ticket,
you know, car rental,
had to get a new outfit,
right, girls?
You can't go back
all schmucka, right?
(audience laughing)
I found this stunning cocktail dress,
ladies, stunning.
Made me look skinny,
made me look young,
matching shoes, matching bag,
everything I had to pay
for this trip, 3,200 bucks.
I get to this thing.
I didn't read the whole email.
It's a picnic
(audience laughing)
in a park.
It's raining.
They're all standing in the rain, 
drinking beer.
I'm like, "You gotta be kidding me."
You know what we do
when it rains in Las Vegas?
We go in the house.
That's what we do,
you bunch of idiots
(audience laughing)
and the cousin in charge sees me,
"Oh Kathleen is that you?
"Look at you all fancy-schmancy.
"Where'd you think 
"you was going, prom?
(audience laughing)
"It's good to see ya.
"Yeah, someone said 
"you moved to Las Vegas,
"Is that right?
"It sure gets hot there.
"That was stupid.
(audience laughing)
"You a stand-up comedian?
"That's not your job?
"That your job?
"They pay you money for that? 
"Kind of nuts.
"Well, it's your life.
(audience laughing)
"You want to throw it all away,
"that's your business now, isn't it?"
(audience laughing)
And then, she says to me,
"You never call us anymore,
"why is that?"
I said, Well, 'cause it turns out
I hate all you people.
(audience laughing)
The only one that was nice to see,
I finally got to see my son.
My son is all grown up.
Who's got children?
Who's got children?
You got kids?
(audience applauding)
Kids are the best thing in life
as far as I'm concerned,
but mine's all grown up.
Anybody? Who's got young ones?
Who's got young children,
young ones?
(audience cheering)
You do, sir?
How old is your young child?
One year old?
And what are the other ages?
- [Audience Member] Three,
eight, nine, and 12.
- Three, eight, nine, and 12?
Oh my God. Thanks for
taking the night off.
(audience laughing)
She's all embarrassed now. I love that.
(audience laughing)
Three? Is that a boy or girl, the three?
Little boy? What is his name?
- [Audience Member] Mac.
- Mac. Oh, what a great name.
Do you ever think
you'd ever love anything
like you love those kids?
Isn't that incredible?
It's unbelievable
how you love your kids.
I think three was my favorite age,
when my son was three.
He's grown, but three.
He'd say to me,
"Mommy, I love you, mommy.
"Mommy. I love you big
"like this guy, mommy.
"When I grow up mommy
"I'm gonna marry you.
"Take good care of you, Mommy."
- [Audience] Aww.
- Three.
Who's got a teenager in the house?
(audience laughing)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
That's what they call a teenager.
No little demon pig people.
That's what they are.
(audience laughing)
Jerks.
14 year olds gotta be the laziest thing
ever created on this earth.
(audience laughing)
My son at 14 years old,
all he would do,
all he would do is sleep all day.
You have no idea
what's gonna happen.
I know what you're thinking.
"No, not my Mac.
"My Mac will grow up.
"He will respect his parents."
(audience laughing)
All he would do is sleep.
Like, he'd get home from school.
He'd take the nap on the couch
for two hours, three hours.
Saturday, he'd never leave his room.
He'd sleep all day.
I finally said to him, one day.
I said, Chad, why are you
so tired all the time?
This isn't right.
There's something wrong.
My God, I hope it's not
what I thought it was.
I hope it's not what
I'm thinking right now.
He goes, 
"What are you thinking, Mom?"
I go, Are you doing the drugs?
"Mom! No, I'm not. 
"Just a nap Mom, just a nap.
"You know how a nap
"wipes you out, Mom?"
No, I don't.
I haven't had a nap since 1986
(audience laughing)
and this was his vocabulary.
"What?"
I'd say, Chad, do me a favor.
Take the garbage
out to the dumpster,
before you go to school.
It would help me.
(audience laughing)
"What?"
(audience laughing)
The garbage it's tied up.
It's right by the door.
It just has to go the dumpster.
It would really helped me.
Thank you, Chad. I love you.
(audience laughing)
"What?"
(audience laughing)
The white bag. You see it right here?
I'm touching it. That's it.
I need you to pick this bag up,
carry it outside, 
walk over to the dumpster,
dadadadah, put it in the dumpster,
let go.
(audience laughing)
go to school, without the bag,
go to school.
That would help me, Chad.
Thank you, I love you.
"What?"
(audience laughing)
I said, All right. Last time.
Pay attention. Pay attention.
The garbage,
I tied up for you
is by the door
dummy poop for brains
"What?"
and his room was disgusting.
Who's got that filthy teenager room
right now at the house?
You got that teenager, right?
How old is your teenager?
- [Audience Member] 14.
14,
so you got more time with this.
Do you clean the room?
I never cleaned his room.
I didn't go in there for five years.
(audience laughing)
There were things
growing in that room
by the time— it was disgusting.
Yeah, dirty clothes, everywhere,
filthy dirty dishes,
wrappers from Taco Bell, 
and candy bars,
a couple of dead pets,
never found that ferret.
(audience laughing)
He finally moved out, 
went off to college,
unbelievable.
Hey, how about those 
mothers in Hollywood
that got in trouble for
bribing those colleges?
I am on those mothers' side.
Are you kidding? 
What did they do wrong?
This is me at the Dean's office.
Let me get this straight, Dean.
I give you a check and 
you take him for four years?
(audience laughing)
Give me the pen. Give me the pen.
(audience laughing)
I'd hock everything 
I have to pay for that.
Are you kidding me?
Well, he finally went off to college.
My best friend came to the house.
She goes, "Oh my gosh Kathleen.
"You're going to miss him.
"It's your only baby.
"You're going to have that
"empty nest syndrome."
I said, No, I'm having
a party thrown at my house,
but I wanted to see his apartment.
I'm still the mom.
I'm protective.
I wanted to go see his apartment,
make sure it was safe, clean.
I drive all the way over there.
I knock on the door,
I open up the door.
I look, it's immaculate.
(audience laughing)
(audience laughing)
You know what said to me?
He goes, "Hey, Hey, Hey 
"wipe your feet."
(audience laughing)
I said, The heck with you,
and I peed on his toilet seat.
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
Then I drank all his beer.
Then I borrowed his car,
and I brought it back with no gas.
(audience laughing)
Oh, was he mad.
He's like, "Mother,
"where did all my gas go?"
I said, What?
(audience laughing)
Now he's old married, man.
Now he's got a mortgage.
He's got a wife, lovely girl.
He's got a little girl, now.
I'm a grandma.
That's the best thing 
in the whole world, yeah.
Where are my grandmas, grandpas?
We got grandmas, grandpas?
Isn't that the best?
(audience cheering)
You know, when she was born, 
she's eight.
When she was born, 
my son asked me, he says,
"Well once the baby comes,
"what do you want to be called?"
I said, Queen of the Universe
has a nice ring to it.
(audience laughing)
I go, Well, what do you mean,
what do I want to be called?
He goes, "Well, you don't
"have to be called grandma."
I go, I can't wait to be called grandma.
I think that's the greatest thing
I've ever been called in my life,
trust me.
I think it's wonderful.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, so you've been called
names too, huh, yeah?
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I can't go to the
grocery store anymore, yeah,
No it's, she calls me
grandma Las Vegas.
That's what she calls me
and she's just, she's just my
she's my best friend, 
but she's wonderful
and she's—
we have a good time with her
and she got to spend the day with her
during that family reunion.
She was great to spend time with,
when she was little.
Three years old,
she's easy to entertain,
something shiny and sparkly.
Look at, look at honey, you look at—
"Oh, grandma, that's the best."
Now she's eight.
She's harder to entertain.
She's into pandas.
Two years ago, it was unicorns
and then before that
it was the movie, "Frozen."
I hate that song.
(audience laughing)
How about you? "Let it go."
How about you, "Let it go."
(audience laughing)
They just announced
"Frozen 2" is coming out,
I slashed my wrists,
can't take it anymore, yeah.
No, so she's into pandas.
I don't know what to do with her,
so I took her to Panda Express.
(audience laughing)
Stupid, right? I'm an idiot, yeah.
She hated it. 
She's crying the whole time.
She's just crying
and I put the food in front of her.
She just started crying
really, really loud.
I go, Sweetheart, 
why are you so upset?
Why are you crying?
"Oh, grandma, 
"we're eating dead pandas."
(audience laughing)
I didn't even think of that.
I says, No, no honey, no
It's just Chinese food, honey.
We're eating dead puppies, honey.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, they don't let me 
babysit anymore,
(audience laughing)
but my son told me, he goes,
"Well you're, you know,
"Mom, you're a grandma now.
"You know what that means?"
I go, No. Why don't you
explain it all to me?
You know everything. Right?
He goes, "It means you're old."
I'm gonna knock him on his butt.
I swear to God.
Tell me I'm old? 
I don't need you to tell me I'm old.
I got it, I'm old. I get it, I get it.
Things are changing
and you, you've made me, look at you,
little, little, pretty little thing.
(audience laughing)
How old are you?
- [Audience Member] 20
- 20? Isn't that Wonderful.
(audience laughing)
He, he, he, huh.
What's your name?
- [Cheyenne] Cheyenne.
- Cheyenne. Well, of course it is, yeah.
It's never Bertha or Inez.
(audience laughing)
You always have pretty little names.
Well, you're lovely, Cheyenne,
you're welcome.
Look at you, you got it
all going on, don't ya?
Pretty smile,
smooth skin, hot little body,
everything's tight right
where it's supposed to be.
(audience laughing)
Everything's coming up
Cheyenne huh?
(audience laughing)
That's 'cause you're young,
Cheyenne.
Everything's great when
you're 20.
Ahhh . . .
(audience laughing)
Cheyenne, I got a little surprise for ya.
Yeah, it's coming, Missy.
(audience laughing)
You have no idea, but it's coming.
One day time, age,
gravity's going to show up
and just mess
all that up for you Missy,
mess it up, here's your future, 
take a look.
(audience laughing)
I'm 21.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
58, Cheyenne, I'm 58,
but it's a lot of work being 58,
as opposed to being 20, Cheyenne.
A lot more work.
How long, let's compare, huh?
Won't that be fun?
How long did it take you
to get all pretty tonight
to come out?
- [Cheyenne] Three hours?
- Three hours?
I just start on Tuesday.
(audience laughing)
You have to let the first coat dry.
(audience laughing)
I have to tape stuff
and tuck stuff.
You know what I had to do today?
Cheyenne didn't have to do today?
I had to pluck my eyebrows
out of my chin.
(audience laughing)
Quit looking at me like
I'm crazy, Cheyenne.
They're going to come out 
of your chin in your fifties.
It's like your eyebrows
get lost and angry, yeah
and they come out in the morning,
and they're like dadadadah.
You got to get them, right away,
or they'll grow all day on you.
They never, I never would
have found my first ones,
but they were 
tickling my stomach, yeah.
(audience laughing)
It's all my life is now, is hair control.
Yeah, little black curly hairs
popping all sorts of
weird parts of my body.
I check everyday, Cheyenne.
I sit naked in front of the windows,
mirrors, all over the place
till I find it.
Turns out also a good security device
(audience laughing)
and I found one yesterday, Cheyenne.
You're not going to believe where, 
on my knuckle.
Big old black curly hair
coming out on my knuckle.
What is that all about?
I think it's because I'm so afraid
of turning into my mother,
I'm turning into my father.
(audience laughing)
Things I used to do
when I was young.
I bet you're fun, Cheyenne.
What fun things do you do 
here in town?
What do you do?
- [Cheyenne] Nothing.
- Nothing? Sounds like fun to me.
Doesn't that sound like fun
to some people my age?
What are you going to do today?
Nothing. Oh, that sounds fantastic.
When I was young, when I was 20,
I used to show horses in the Midwest,
competitive showjumping,
jumping horses 
over fences in competition.
I'd fall off every once in a while, 
but I never got hurt.
I used to mountain climb.
I used to snow ski.
I used to run marathons.
I never got hurt.
Now, its different.
Last week in Vegas, I ruined my back.
I messed up my back,
ended up in the emergency room 
for the whole night.
You know how I did it, Cheyenne?
(audience laughing)
I slept funny.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I laugh hard like her,
I'll pee all over the stage.
(audience laughing)
I'm in the shower at the hotel
getting ready for
the show tonight, right?
Getting ready, it's so steamy 
in the shower,
I can't see five inches
in front of my face.
I panicked.
I go, What is it now?
Maybe am having a stroke?
You know what it was? 
I still had my glasses on
(audience laughing)
and I went to breakfast, right?
Skinny, little, pretty little girl
right next to me.
She's waiting for a table,
I'm waiting for a table.
I thought it'd be nice,
make conversation, right?
I go, Hey, how are you?
Something smells good this morning.
She goes, "Oh, that's me.
(audience laughing)
"I am wearing my new angel perfume
"and everybody's 
"giving me compliments."
I said, Oh, I thought it was bacon.
(audience laughing)
Getting fat, 
that's the other thing that happens.
You'll get fat
when you get in your 50s.
You don't even eat anything, 
and you get fat.
I hate it.
I get up in the morning
here's what I do.
I have a half a piece of fruit,
'cause if I had a whole piece of fruit,
I blow up like a tick,
so, I have a half a piece of fruit
and a cup of green tea.
Then I weigh myself.
Then I cry for the next three hours,
because every day.
I'm gaining more weight.
Same routine every day
half a piece of fruit,
green tea, weigh myself, cry
and yesterday there was
a commercial on the television
for Charter Mental Hospital,
for the depression.
"If you don't call Charter,
"call somebody."
So I called pizza hut.
(audience laughing)
That fixed everything all up, yeah.
Do you go shopping with 
your girlfriends here, Cheyenne,
here in town?
I used to love doing that 
when I was young.
- [Cheyenne] I only go shopping 
with my mother-in-law.
- With your mother-in-law.
With your mother-in-law?
(audience laughing)
She thinks that's hysterical
(audience laughing)
I used to love to go to the mall 
when I was your age.
I can't go to the mall now.
Don't go now, because you get old,
they don't let me in those stores.
They don't.
I went in that Forever 21 store,
the lady's like, 
"Oh, you gotta be kidding me."
I go, Well, you don't
have a Forever 55 store.
Wouldn't that be great?
A Forever 55 store?
Right, Ladies? Somebody
needs to invent one of those.
You go in, all they got
is you know, like Spanx
and Botox and wine.
(audience laughing)
I went to my first Botox party 
about two weeks ago.
Have you ever been 
to one of those girls?
I never even heard of it.
My girlfriend goes up.
She goes, "Yeah, so we're
"gonna have a Botox party.
"got six, seven girlfriends, come over.
"We're going to
"have some appetizers, 
"and some wine spritzes,
"and I'll have a dermatologist there 
"and, you know,
"he'll shoot you up with Botox
"wherever you want the Botox."
So I went to the party, 
obviously I did not have the Botox,
but everybody had a wonderful time.
They did, the one woman was like,
"This was the best party
"I've ever been to."
(audience laughing)
I can't remember when
I've laughed this hard.
(audience laughing)
The other store I used to like to go to
when I was young,
I can't go to, Victoria Secret.
Yeah, you're go in there now,
found out what the secret is.
Yeah, that stuff don't
look good on my old body, yeah.
That woman was so mean to me.
She walked all the way 
around the counter,
came right up to my face,
and she went,
"Are you lost?
"Did your family lose you?"
I says, No.
She goes, "Do you know 
"your phone number?"
I go, Yeah. It's 911.
You're gonna need an ambulance
when I'm done with you,
(audience laughing)
but I am, I'm becoming my mother.
It's awful.
I don't want become my mother.
I'm like attached to my phone.
You got a cellphone
there, Cheyenne?
- [Cheyenne] Yep.
- You gotta have it with you 
all the time, right?
That's the generation.
Now I have to have like,
I don't have it on me now
and I'm having like withdrawals
and these pants have no pockets,
so I put it in my, put it in my bra.
Did anybody else do that
with the, with the ...
Like, you know, 
I've become this old lady
carrying things around in her top
(audience laughing)
and what I end up happening,
I keep calling people, by accident.
(audience laughing)
It happened about an hour ago.
All of a sudden I'm just,
we're all back there, back,
and the woman goes, 
"Oh, that's your bra talking to you.
"Your bra is talking."
I go, Oh, look, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to, yeah
I bra dialed you, yeah.
(audience laughing)
I know it's the second time today,
I said, I'm sorry.
It won't happen again, I promise.
Well, unless I'm cold.
You might get a text.
(audience laughing)
I love you guys.
Thank you so much for
coming to "The Dry Bar"
the other is the difference between like
white people and black people and
commercials and Alisa did a good job out
earlier but like the white people not be
so professional you know I'm saying like
prim and proper and stick to the script
and black people I mean with drop but we
got to be extra you know same leg right
so I want this commercial about a car
accident and I saw what a white guy
first and he was like I was just in my
car driving the speed limit and I don't
know where I got hit and it was like but
BAM you know then I saw the same
commercial but with a black woman in it
you know same script she was like oh
she's in my car driving the speed limit
know where I got hit and it was like
tell me that was my besty violation she
had to do even more than that the first
time around
she's my word like this she's probably
like wow she's in my car job is failing
out of nowhere back ahead and it was
like
the rectum is like ma'am just stick to
the seeing us in like McDonald's
commercial suit yeah but white people
yeah I'll be so happy what excited go
into restaurants like join us you know
I'm saying like go up you're just
excited but then black people we go in
we just let me see let me see
[Music]
let me get on let me get on
you know you
[Music]
I flew in the flight was very easy this
is fantastic cuz sometimes traveling is
such a nightmare
not long ago I had to do a gig in a tiny
little town in Waterloo Iowa have you
guys ever heard of this tiny tiny little
town tiny really tiny and my agent
booked my flight I had to fly in on a
Puddle Jumper
do you guys know to Puddle Jumper s I
didn't even know what that is it's those
tiny little planes it's like six people
on each side it's like I didn't know
what that was you know I figured it out
I checked in and I said could I get an
aisle seat the lady goes well sure but
it comes with a window is a single file
CD oh wow and it was a cheap flight too
cuz midway through the flight you had a
chip in for gas so that was
here's my 10 books you know so they pass
that up but I love little towns cuz
everybody keeps things just like so
sweet and simple and innocent and a
little overboard for me if you if you
ask me because like when they landed the
plane they don't even let you off the
plane they just circle around the
parking lot till you find your car I'm
like there's my Honda alright hit the
brakes and then they let you out but you
know what was even cuter is I went into
the airport and it's a tiny little
Airport and they had a pager lady a
painter lady it was half the size of
this room people a pager lady I'm used
to LAX like if you have a phone call
they'll say pick up the white courtesy
phone for a message please that's all we
ever get but this lady she had way too
much time on her hands and she was
sharing all this information that I had
never you know way more information than
I really needed cuz it's like paging mr.
Steve Burns mr. Steve Burns yeah your
wife calls she needs you to pick up some
milk on the way home two minutes later
paging mr. Billy parks Billy parks ah
yeah Becky called boy she tipped she
said if you want to find your stuff it's
at your mama's house you cheatin liar
paging Kimberly Wald Kimberly Wald
congratulations honey your test results
were negative you know Kimberly was
happy simple sometimes I like being
simple I think the world is getting so
complex and so ridiculous like simple
things you know are becoming complex
like I fly in and out of airports all
the time and and everything is fancy now
nobody has then like the restrooms the
restrooms are overboard it's crazy right
everything's automated right you don't
know what's automated what's not you
ever do that to ever walk up to a door
and you stop because you think it's
gonna open but it doesn't open right and
then the bathrooms
I miss manual flushing anybody else
manual flushing cuz I was good at it you
know I knew exactly when I was ready to
flush I know you know but now I have to
leave it to the control of the automated
flushers and I just wonder like ladies
am I the only one standing in the stall
trying to seduce the sensor does anybody
[Applause]
generally catch yourself and you're
trying to trick it like come on
I'm da
come on my friends are waiting either
you can't get it to go or you get the
premature flush have you had that that's
terrible because you're sitting there
and also oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm in
France
I feel so fresh now so fresh
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
and it's so hard like I said I haven't
I've been working on my weight love I've
been really like out here I've got
spider listening to this weight loss
hypnosis on YouTube and [ __ ] as good has
been working you let's do it every night
before you go to bed
I've been eating clean you know I've
been watching my portions I stopped
drinking during the day okay like [ __ ]
[ __ ] is working when I get this night
drinking again I'm gonna [ __ ] them up
right how can I stop drinking up to
eight but a couple more videos I'm SOR
if are the lose weight because I'm Daisy
and this Mike all guys want to do is
take you out to eat
it's like they take you to the comedy
show thank you have to eat take you to
the museum take you out to eat they will
take you to breakfast tap set you back
out to eat take me for a walk [ __ ] iron
I am full stop feeding me you gotta get
my plan being my down I can't even take
a plan b pill [ __ ] s it up and it's not
like do you can't eat healthy you can
help anywhere you go you can go to a
restaurant and get a salad you know get
some grilled chicken and [ __ ] then they
look at your plate it's all offended
think you got a nice fancy restaurant
think look at your bus other to see why
you eat what your child is wait for
you're so beautiful and I thought I was
ugly the [ __ ]
didn't say that sir I just want to shop
at forever 21 without buffing the
thieves out these dresses if I could do
that I can stop [ __ ] these dressing
rooms up that'll be great
cuz that's what's going on in my life
come on
I don't like shopping on the plus side
they charge you more it's like I'm
bigger not Richard okay there's not
afraid to say eight dollars these skinny
holes pay
I grew up anything with spandex ething
stretch I think all that [ __ ] the
dressing room and I have so much hope
I'll take that check out so much
positive energy and optimism because I
know that through Christ I could do all
things it's gonna fit me in this
dressing room and I take the clothes in
they're not [ __ ] those clothes up yes
I did a pop-up button bust open blazer
rip down the middle [ __ ] I'm [ __ ] my
hot smash all that [ __ ] just leave me
you just leave this [ __ ] I know you got
to take that [ __ ] I'll just leave it in
there yeah you got hanging up on there
regret rack [ __ ] just leave it keep
your dignity walk out at the end it but
the cell clock is gonna make you feel so
bad all right you come on up together
you've had 82 garments you come out
empty-handed she's like um so nothing
worked for you you're like no nothing
worked for me it was not gonna work for
nobody else cause this [ __ ] [ __ ] up
trash it this is garbage
[Applause]
[Music]
anybody hear of a book a hotel so
low-budget the visa calls to see if
you've been kidnapped any other broke
people here and he broke people here
yeah the cheap seats up at the top I got
oh my god by the way this is the
earliest wait show I've ever done in my
whole life I've never done a Nerva
usually they're like 11:30 in here
you're it's like right after dinners you
know tomorrow is early show is during
breakfast no late shows at 1:00 p.m. you
know we like to get out yeah I broke
anybody else here have less money than
when they were 11 anyone else
you ever get your credit card declined
at a parking meter has that happened
anyone here you call up Amex like I need
to increase my spending limit by a buck
50 right now
we don't think you can pay it back
what's happened to me though that you
ever go to the ATM look at your balance
and it's so low that you just start
laughing out loud like the other day I
was just like I don't know what I'm
gonna do I actually turned to the guy
behind me I was like hey bud do you want
my pin number it doesn't make any
difference either way you can't even get
that money out it's like a slot machine
like I've never done that joke and
turned around and seen like this like
demented green house behind me
never in my life beautiful mr.
McGregor's going to come out with one of
these things any moment and they have
the curtain and do you think if I move
this the whole way that the banner from
chuck-e-cheese will come out and stop
right there actually headlining the show
guys hey you guys anybody here of a book
a hotel solo budget the visa calls to
see if you've been kidnapped I just
booked a hotel online I wasn't even done
with the reservation and visa call
they're like mr. cops say yes if you're
safe
it was a super8 I was booking a super
late or separating like for it and I
like super 8 I like they're everywhere
I like it cuz they're everywhere and yes
they don't have a commercial you'll
never see a commercial person they don't
they can't even afford a slogan they do
not have a slogan they can't afford it
like Motel 6's we're gonna beat them I
know for you if super8 hasn't slowed
gonna be hey you may have to poop in the
dark it is pitch black in there you can
bring an iPhone but I don't think we
have any electricity or anything
what I'm trying to say is you never want
to stay in hotel where they're surprised
that you came there you never want to
stay in that hotel
you could go to a super8 with a
reservation and they like oh you're
actually here
we weren't expecting anybody I hope you
brought your own towel
follow even stay low never go to a hotel
and they give you a room number that's a
single digit and you just feel weird
about the whole thing like most of tells
they're like oh you're in 18 2000 meters
down the hall yeah all right super
eights like okay you're in two with days
he's been waiting a long time so if you
could just hurry it along I really
appreciate it
show confidence night I've only been
here but for six hours people were like
oh it's really net people are really
nice and they it really oh my god prove
how nice you are and then the guy at I'm
go rent a car give me a hug so you know
you check me I gotta get up for bid
angel no this is amazing I thank you
financial it's kind of an amazing
website with the filters it's now I can
watch Saving Private Ryan in like four
minutes alright just saves all kinds of
time
like I don't like violence so it's just
opening credits Tom Hanks monologue
closing credits okay babe we'll watch a
risky business in here but it's not that
risky and it's more of a hobby than
business but it's fast it feels like a
preview but you know
so is it people were already like a you
family for any we're gonna have to fill
three yells they gotta like I have a
family that I'm nice to we talk a lot
but I'm also nice with strangers so I
don't know if that's like an issue is it
have to be both at the same time but I
heard that I read this thing pretty my
name is Mormon it's like yeah we have a
family night way we play games I'm like
will we I mean I you know my family
played we did you guys ever play
Pictionary did you ever play that game
if you didn't it's a game where you try
to draw with a golf pencil like you have
a hoof and and well everybody screams at
you until you almost go into cardiac
arrest it's a really fun game but I'd
love to put in my dad because he was the
guy who would draw he couldn't really
draw but he felt like if he pointed
enough at what he had drawn then
everybody should know exactly what he
drew as if da Vinci was ever had to be
like oh it's a girl
it's a woman my dad would draw for like
three seconds he drove two circles and
something looked like hashbrowns throw
away the pencil for the rest of time
he's like
again why don't you draw something else
too you just look hard I know he's a
bacon no look just book harder time's up
it's Chuck Norris
but could you not see that was avoiding
and waving has about energy keep it
going for Travis by the way MC did a
great job dress one thing that he didn't
do because he didn't make you clap a lot
you don't like sometimes you go to a
comedy show and the MCS just like clap
for the waitstaff in the drinks in the
chairs and the fact that you came out to
her and you're like oh I'm so tired I
did this show like two weeks ago and I
was about to come up on stage and the
MCS like give it up for Nick Cobb and
they're like hey and he's like don't
come up here yet people I need double
the energy
give it up for Nick cows oh yay don't
come up here triple that energy yay
don't come up here ten times that energy
and there was a guy's about fifty years
old sitting right there and when the MC
goes ten times that energy that guy goes
[Applause]
like how am I supposed to follow that
like Justin Timberlake jumped in I moved
out here from New York I moved to LA
from New York I think I was the only
person who moved from New York to LA
into a smaller apartment but I was in
before my place at New York pretty small
my place in LA is maybe 200 feet I don't
think it's square feet I know I think
it's just 200 feet I think I've been
living in some guys hallway for the past
four years and he's just been really
polite about it I may live in a panic
room I know you've really been that
small but apartment with the roommate my
my wife and I when we get in an argument
we're so close it feels like we're
fighting inside of an Ikea display
because I get a normal apartment or a
house you can like slam a door if you're
angry kick over a chair you know
pre-emphasis we don't have any furniture
and we have one door and you don't want
to just leave so the other day were
having an argument I was like you did
what but then all I could do to
punctuate it was just kneel down and
just to play our air mattress
I was like I'm leaving
this is gonna take me about 30 minutes
if you can just pull from that end I'm
really really mad I'm gonna take the
pump with me you're not gonna believe
this is absolutely true my shower is in
my kitchen that's how they laid out the
apartment it's stove a shower there's no
counter space in between it it's just
stoves our it's really dangerous it's
all kinds of fire hazards but I was
looking at the apartment I would ask the
landlord about it's like this is this
excuse he's like well it's a pre-war
apartment its pre-war before building
codes and laws and rules back when
people could do what they wanted I'm
like all right but that's what they
wanted to do you could do anything
creatively and you put a shower and it's
the touch of the stove that's a weird
generation that greatest generation it's
like your grandfather stormed the beach
at Normandy was a brave man he also had
to poop in the up and he was strange guy
it's real hot bird delicious my college
just hit me up for a donation does that
happen to anybody here yeah I think it
was the wrong number they call me and
they're like because they call him they
realized who it was and they just did a
180 they're like oh you're a Nick cop do
you have like $6
but I don't understand why do colleges
get to ask us for money we should be
able to ask colleges for money they're
the ones who didn't do their job
I should be able to call up Indiana
University and be like dude the diploma
you sold me is broken
my roommate still works so if I could
just get 30 grand back that'd be
fantastic my dad called me the other day
he's like you doesn't know what I'm
doing it's okay man if stand-up didn't
work out for you you're gonna go into
acting I'm like I don't think that's how
backup plans work your plan B isn't
generally more difficult to accomplish
than your dream there's nobody out there
right now I'm an if I can't get this
dog-walking thing to work out I guess
I'll just go back and be an astronaut
again
hey her to complete for the Lakers next
year yeah I may have to if and Express
doesn't call me back
I have a thousand of those where are you
going to school where if I can't get
into DeVry I'll just go to Cambridge
[Laughter]
Mike I didn't think that our generation
was that lazy until my best friend
called me is I guess what I did this
weekend I knocked out three seasons of
cheers but you didn't build a deck no
you sat for 30 hours 15 years ago you
would have called that clinical
depression but we are generation brags
about how much TV we watch it's really
I'm surprised but I'm clicking on
resumes like hey I see you knocked up
Game of Thrones and three days your team
player you're disciplined you're
enthusiastic what's up with this two-day
gap between jobs I took some time off to
watch The West Wing well you got to put
that down there
speaking of I forget anybody here in
therapy let's talk about it real close
I know it's recorded but you know
anybody here need therapy you just
cannot afford it at all it's like 400
hours an hour I've found a way to get in
for free works fantastic won't cost you
a dollar free therapy here it is start
setting up job interviews every two or
three weeks because they ask about you
[Laughter]
you won't get the job but you will get
that stuff off your chest
okay when in-game I'll resume that so
Nick how much yourself oh my god I'm so
messed up man I appreciate you asking
like what are your weaknesses how much
time do you have in this thing like what
are you gonna bring to our team
certainly not confidence my my best
friend just sent me over his resume is
like hey can you look at you ever looked
at your best friend's resume I've been
like I think you maybe should go back to
school
most people's resumes pretty standard
your name you know email phone number
education my best friend of 20 years put
just his first name then an apostrophe s
and the word resume
it's literally Jared's resume and then a
picture of himself answering the phone
that can help me get a job as I gotta
send over your best macaroni necklace
when the cover letter that starts with
what's up my dad's birthday was a couple
months ago he's gonna come on busy lives
in Tennessee you guys ever been in a
position you couldn't afford a present
for your own dad and you're over like 38
and you're contemplating making him a
gift like your handprints on a sheet of
paper
cheerio necklace
so Mike I don't know what style forget
that I'm gonna nip this in the bud so
I'll call my dad is like dad I'm gonna
level with you
I don't know what you want to rebirth it
this year but I thought you just take 60
bucks out of what you normally give me
every month just take mom to laser tag
you know horn mate I've got I've got a
little girl got an 18 month old girl one
week before she was born
maybe this maybe this is happening
people in this room I know one week
before she was born we lost our
insurance absolutely true we lost our
insurance it was expensive and but
whatever is fine and now my wife and I
still don't have insurance but our
daughters insurer just by the state of
California she's think 101 of the whole
family is insurance 18 month old girl so
what we've been doing is we're taking
her to the pediatrician but then trying
to double-dip and weave in some
questions about ourselves and it kind of
works the bikes you grew three inches
and gained a couple pounds I'm like
that's great but she gets an acid reflux
after like four beers
so could you just give us the percocet
please she has lower back pain
I love my wife she looked at the doctor
with a straight face and she's like my
daughter's bloated and once the know she
can still fit into a size six she's a
baby she's a baby with a wedding and a
go to next weekend
but she's already took my way started
talking about having another kid like
she's we're gonna have one kid just have
another kid I can't I know the polite
people say this but I just can't handle
another pregnancy I can't handle the
boot swings I know women in here like
you can't handle the mood swings huh no
I can't handle the mood swing I can't
handle one month in been pregnant not
that pregnant my wife comes up to me she
kisses me and then ii laters like no I
realize don't want it sue she said that
that really happened we would bring
kissing to just eating soup on the floor
because I'd already deflated the air
mattress how could you confuse I kiss
how could no guy years have been kissing
his wife and I know I just want to go
work in the car how I got those two
confused
mood swings too they're they're crazy
like five months in me and pregnant I
yelled at me once for reading I was
reading in the corner I was hiding in
our apartment and just for no reason she
just goes you're so irritating right now
like how just like I can hear your eyes
left to right we get it you can read but
can you do it quietly is the real
question yeah we have it we don't even
know she's 18 months we're still not
really sleeping not really because
somebody gave us a video baby monitor
where you can clip a camera onto the
side of the crib and you can watch from
a monitor in the other room which sounds
good but my daughter just stares
straight into the camera the whole night
and breeds like she's some kind of demon
seed from the Sidious for paranormal
activity like hey how's she doing it
she's there so then you're not scared
that she's not gonna sleep you're scared
she's gonna kill you and you'll just
never be able to sleep again this right
work forget that so we switched it up
and we put the camera on us and we gave
the baby the monitor
and we just stare at it and ask when
she's gonna start paying some rent I
don't know I don't know she's but we get
more sleep than we used to I mean
they're really everybody no parents no
they're like one when you when your kid
first month you really just don't get it
one at 1:00 hours if you get nothing no
sleep first one and you can't even go
out in public because you're so tired
that you just start saying random stuff
out loud because you're such a sound but
you don't have a social filter anymore I
was in an elevator packed elevator him
for no reason out loud I just go I've
got to go to TJ Maxx I just said that
out loud and I didn't have to go but I
went because I was humiliated and I'd
already put it out in the universe but
you really shouldn't go to TJ Maxx when
you're that tired because you go and you
just go into like a 5-hour trance you
should really have an egg timer on you
because you go in to get a baby toy
you're not getting like a kayak and a
dog my wife's like did you get diapers
no but I got this boat and a basset
hound so it all worked out I guess
yes so what would trump an office-wide
about a month we got jumping office
about a month I'm not political I'm
actually I'm not a negative person I
can't get oh I can't any time an
election any time in an election when
somebody wins the election all they've
done the whole came an old campaign is
just talk bad about their opponent like
just no ideas no solutions just trash
their opponent and they get the job it's
amazing it makes me want to go on a job
interview and do nothing for the hour
but just talk bad about everyone waiting
to interview for that job in the lobby
because apparently it works really well
divided why should you hire why should
we hire you why should you hire that
 out there that's the real question
brown jacket and black shoes are you
kidding me does he look like he has a
plan I love to hear his plan love to
hear it
he can't make coffee like I can make
coffee who all's married here anybody
married how many buddy if you raise it
your I Rosa yeah how long you been
married almost 20 years it's a long time
I've been married for so I want to see
where it's going so let me ask you a
question by the way let me say this real
quick I was just in San Diego and this
kid came up to me after a show he's a
kid he's like 21 22 is that hipster he's
wearing like a kite
you know the time he's like hey man how
long you been married her was in four
years I promise he said this he goes Wow
four years what's the secret the secret
of a four-year marriage usually yes so
people been married 50 years not more
time I dare say like we like bagels we
really she got me to start flossing it's
just old you ask a woman who turned like
110 what the secret is not some dude
who's like 28 like are you due to you
gluten-free how did you ask almost three
decades but anyway
Mansu question
what's your name let me ask you a
question Greg after 20 years of love and
commitment
do you still overhear your wife which is
talking on the phone with her friends do
an impression of you that makes you
sound like some kind of illiterate
caveman I just wanted after 20 years
she's still yeah we were gonna go up and
then Greg was so cool no sign take that
as a yes
I feel like it could be a 90 year
marriage and they still think we talk
like that yeah we're gonna go outside
for lunch but then he was like I can't
find any tennis balls for my Walker I'm
like is that really really how your
husband talks where'd you guys get
married is that a local place yeah so
local yeah I like it I like when people
getting married marriage well anybody
else you're tired of people getting
married and making you fly halfway
around the world as if they're like two
my braces started get married in Brazil
they're from Tennessee they're not
Brazilian
I'm like I'm sure Brazil's beautiful why
do you want to spend 4 grand
and all my vacation days just to watch
the end of our friendship I don't know
why I have to do that
we could all stipend if you have to find
another country to see friend get
married I feel like you should be able
to give them a wedding present to get
some stopped at customs buy for like
four days hey thanks for bringing us me
out to China
great wedding here's an endangered pan
that we found holding a tusk
and they wanted presents I don't even
understand what people getting married
loco get presents I don't understand
wedding gift ready it's like the
happiest day your life you've never been
happier you're marrying the love of your
life you don't need presents you know
needs presents people getting divorced
they're the ones who need a gift
registry I'm not divorced but I feel
like that's fair like a good guy gets
kicked out of his house you know maybe
sleeping those moms autumn and you don't
think you like a George Foreman or a
lamp or something
there's the sweatpants you don't think
you'd appreciate that you don't think
it'd be easier to get dumped if you knew
a present was right around the corner
friends like ya she kicked me out yeah
but I'm registered at our gate and
[Laughter]
SkyMall magazine I love sky moment love
it 11
sky my last 20 years they sold stairs
for dogs on planes like that's American
success story only in America
and I supported them because I'm weird
with turbulence and when his own a plane
there was turbulence at 5 something from
SkyMall cuz I figured if I don't make it
my wife will still get a gag gift in
like three months
like she's sad but then UPS guy comes
full-size gardening Eddie she's not so
sad anymore especially no no no my yard
but you got to put it in your shower
that's a right next to the kitchen
that's the only space you have but we
don't even give each other presents we
really don't Valentine's Day my wife
gave me I guess what you'd call like a
love coupon or like a couple coupon
franck a massage or something and it
wasn't one of those that you can just
like cash into any one that you see on
the street it was just for her I would
recommend if anybody you ever get to one
of those trying to cash it in right then
and watch the expression on their face
because they don't appreciate it
goodbye Merry Christmas in your life and
I'll take this right now but no you
can't do that I just gave that to you
and you're like I want to talk to the
manager
I've spent a lot of money here
this should be redeemed
cuz what are you gonna cash in it I'm
not then six months later she's gonna
laugh what you did you think that was a
real bracelet
that's construction paper and grab the
only way to be a good gift and this go
from bad to great is if it's stipulated
somewhere in the rules you can cash it
in anytime you want if you come home at
midnight she's like you're six hours
late dinners frozen what are we gonna do
now well it's this year all right you're
gonna give me a one-hour massage
there are no blackout dates in the back
of this
you keep yelling but you better start
robbing
did you go did you propose on one Nate
just get out one day when you were boys
you didn't I try to Greg but my
apartment was so small I physically
couldn't do it I literally was like I
love you and then I sat on the stove so
was it romantic really but I'll say this
any any walk of life who I don't know I
don't care who you are every time in
your lives you're on one knee you are in
a great situation but every time you're
in both you're in a bad situation
one proposing your girlfriend great -
begging your wife not great one getting
knighted awesome
- getting beheaded not right one
listening to an inspirational halftime
speech by your favorite football coach
- I can't tell that in provo can tell it
that would be major filter time let's
just pretend saya what I love being
married I kind of miss being single in a
way just cuz it's just such a simple
life single people won't say that but
they don't know what they're talking
about it's really like my life when I
went camping for three days that took a
month to pack for that's married packing
single guys have no clue what I'm
talking about a single guys pack for
every trip they've ever gone on like
they just found out it man is after them
they packed lightning but they've got
like Indiana Jones it's just oh I'm
going to a wedding
alright Revolver khakis they're good and
a half the time when single people are
packing maybe women - they pack it like
4:00 in the morning and haven't they
have no memory of what they packed it's
like the hotel welcome basket they're
like oh what I bring with me Oh a super
soaker I brought a huge water gun and a
burrito that's what I've got
friends like a we're gonna go out to eat
someplace nice what are you gonna wear
it's like I guess the fitted sheets all
right a snorkel that's all I thought to
bring I'm a size 14 guys I'm six foot
four set i/o you ever you what do you
ever go shoe shopping they don't believe
your size that always kills me when like
what size you up in at nine four years
you know what shut up can you put your
bare foot into this medieval raccoon
trap for me you wanna die I'm kind of
tired of teenagers right now no offense
if they're any in the room they're just
so loud I feel like everywhere I live
the teenagers are so loud I was back in
New York in a subway sitting car smoking
brew teenagers I guess they've just seen
a superhero movie cuz out loud they were
having that typical post superhero movie
conversationally hey what kind of
superpowers would if I could eat super I
know what kind of super oh I don't know
what kind of super oh it's one of girls
screams I want to be invisible
now I'm not usually confrontational but
I leaned over and I was like hey
invisibility wouldn't really work if you
couldn't shut
they still find you where's the
invisible teenager all of the fluting
iphone we got her
now when I first moved out to LA I
booked a commercial on the Super Bowl
and it's actually doesn't pay that much
and it you have to watch yourself in
hi-def which is the worst part and I'm
doing this because I have this piece of
skin here that I've never noticed in my
life until I was watching it during
halftime of the Super Bowl and it looked
like I was trying to smuggle a croissant
it looked like I was on my way to feed
birds that's what it would need to get
back into complements that's what
happened we were to Super Bowl boarding
my wife liked that the commercial just a
little bit too loud my wife's like hey
you look pretty good I couldn't see your
manboobs that was her compliment you
ever get one of those hey I love your
style you just don't care what anybody
thinks do you I like it so my mom just
got on Facebook guys pretty excited
about it you guys any you have a mom or
a dad that got on Facebook and started
writing on your wall but seems to think
that nobody else can read what they've
written my own laws like a good show
let's go go out my mom wrote hey did you
get that $200 I sent you because you
need new pants
and then my brother commented are you
really still getting money from mom my
mom liked his comment and I blocked him
like well I don't need negativity in my
life
not anymore I spend all day on the
computer I hate they can be anybody else
you're spending two to three hours a day
just resetting your passwords online not
even setting them resetting them
I love the websites where they demand
you change the password but then they
just judge the new one that you're
putting in and sure if they don't even
let you finish the password before just
telling you how terrible they think it
is like iTunes will be like you got to
change your password yep okay you type
in a week that's wait what were you
thinking with that password like did you
think that was my entire password that's
the kind of hotshot I think I am I
destroy around with an A it's my
password go ahead hackers try to get in
my Johnson happy episode it's good luck
oh you got it okay all right how can I
expect you to put together a good
password if they just hacked going you
just a man yeah they like to be like an
Olympic high diver and you just started
to climb up the ladder go up from the
third rung of 40 and one of the judges
stanza they might get all better than
this that's like a - maybe I was
terrible being single I'm just I just
never know what to say I got dumped one
time and I didn't know it I just started
quoting movies she was like I feel
trapped I was like nobody sticks baby in
a corner
I want to see other people I see dead
people I didn't even have to write
rhythm I just said it out loud I love it
when you get that get that laughing or
rejection when you're single you would
ask girl out and she just went up to a
girl's like hey you want to dance she's
like and then she turned to her friends
when I was still just there
she's like hang on a second did you hear
what he just said right there yeah right
he came right up to me so of course we
weren't in the Little Shop of Horrors at
the time but maybe that would have make
a difference
I've been scared and we worked out up
some movies I just watched the movie
Footloose for the time first time I had
no idea that a guy could get so angry
that he just started dancing I had no
idea that if you're stuck in traffic for
that long and you're just like will you
just merge please
[Laughter]
we just beat like eight people back at
CVS I will you please open another
register please
that's how I worked this out that's how
mad I am so so hey can we acknowledge
that the dog whisperer would be a more
fun show if he really were just
whispering to the dogs if the woman is
like my Saint Bernard won't stop barking
hang on a second hey I'm big anybody
here a Titanic fan anybody else hear
Titanic Canada yeah good the movie or
the disaster I can't wrap my mind around
that band on the Titanic I'll never
figure like I don't understand why you
would keep playing like who is your
agent why would you keep playing it
everybody's always like they were
playing to relax people that's not
relaxing if this room suddenly went up
in flames but I just decided I'm gonna
stay here and keep performing
would that soothe anyone wouldn't that
make it even scarier you would make it a
lot scarier you're crawling out on your
hands and knees for the napkin of your
mouth and your friends gonna fire but
I'm up here like anybody brought it down
I see still performing that was just in
Palm Springs and I did that that joke
and a couple of older people counts
about the show you know what
disrespectful that band was very brave
you shouldn't make fun of them I like
they were afraid they were cruise ship
musicians they probably just wanted to
blame their original stuff and that was
the only time anyone would listen but
they hit the ice bring this thing is
like all right guys been working on a
new album now you gotta listen but I'll
say this for those of you who maybe
you're dating maybe you know you want to
be like Greg you want to be married you
think about proposing maybe think your
guys propose to you test the waters
first you've got to make sure they have
a sense of humor that's like the man you
got to make sure that was sincere my
favorite way to do that is next romantic
situation whisper something very awkward
see how they react like not long cause
my wife we're about to go to sleep she's
like hey say something to me a romantic
I was like all right
[Laughter]
but she didn't miss the beat you trying
to write around just like I wish you
were man I proposed right there right
there because I like feistiness so I can
and the only reason it works and it does
is cuz whispering is going to inherently
creepy there is something but just
strange about it you can say some of
someone a normal voice they think
nothing whisper the same thing it's
awkward
there's no gonna read you you can go to
somebody right now outside for complete
stranger is almost a normal voice
whatever you can be I I love kids in the
back you should be a teacher you know
whatever but you cannot go to some mom
and CBS
and be like
the part of that is the person that
doesn't help your case
usually when you someone they chose
their mustard on my shirts my zipper
down you know thanks that's up much more
fun someone but then just tell them
something about yourself but they
wouldn't care about knowing let's got
about to run across street is like
or if you really want to mess with
somebody slim but then immediately shush
them they don't know what you wanted
cause it's watch but the most fun you
can have any kind of proper
transportation bus plain subway or
whatever try waking up a stranger
they'll believe anything you say for the
next three or four seconds they don't
know where they are
who is it they don't nothing you just
gotta sell it back sir you need to wake
up now we're in my basement you guys
think right up in there
[Applause]
I get asked a lot of weird questions
lesbian like guys laughter what kind of
porn I watched so just as a normal
question you can ask you really oh if
you watch lesbian porn all you need is
two straight girls that are faking it
yeah no I watch gay porn that's right
oh it just fell real quiet in here
what's gay man to do not just on the
track of them or anything but because
I'm gonna summon it and every now and
then I like see a couple guys go [ __ ]
themselves
[Applause]
don't miss question I get asked well
who's the man in the relationship we
don't currently have one or lesbian we
do have a cat who's a boy but he's still
a [ __ ] he's like a technical man to
only wants to watch they wanna have a
cat here at summer trying to get laid
you know they're just right there
watching and here he always tries to
participate like my girl's heart will be
going down on me I'll look over he's
licking himself and we have a girl cat
and she just hides all the time whether
she's terrified we're going to eat her
hey guys I work here at the Laugh
Factory and you know I hand-picked that
at a clip you just saw it's one of my
favorites I chose it with care and love
so if you loved it to go ahead and hit
the like button and the subscribe button
because if you do so it would make me a
happy boy
I talked to my doctor I'll get an IUD as
well any ladies in here Dee up yeah lay
it down a little zone defense nice nice
I uh I'm gonna get the Paragard it's the
non-hormonal IUD it's a copper wire
wrapped around a device that creates a
toxic environment in your system
friendly gets in there right and my
whole thing is like that's it we just
needed a shove a [ __ ] penny up there
this whole time
yeah so I just like to imagine a little
Abraham Lincoln in my womb just taking
out the white Confederate soldiers as
they marched on right so excited to
switch to the IUD I've been on birth
control since I was 14 which is
aggressive uh-huh
when I think about that I feel very
lucky right I had access to it I had
parents that were very open about birth
control and reproductive rights they
just wanted us to make healthy choices
my mom is a kind of parent I was like
look if you're gonna drink I'd rather
you have an abortion
[Applause]
[Music]
I I really I like talking about this I
like talking about body stuff I worked
in sexual health education for seven
years I think okay I think we need to be
having more conversations about this
more like you know age-appropriate
comprehensive conversation so I always
love to ask did you guys have sex that
growing up yes okay a lot of you yes do
you remember anything you learned know
any like tidbits no nothing yeah yeah
it's not your fault we have a failed
system a a messed up system right I
think it's a problem that the only thing
I remember from sex ed is that my
reproductive system looks like the logo
for the Texas Longhorns right Ostara no
friend of mine who said that in her sex
ed they had to learn how to put condoms
on bananas which i think is our nation's
greatest downfall right there
we're just teaching youth to expect
bananas
[Music]
[Applause]
that's a generous fruit maybe we start
with a baby carrot
[Applause]
gentlemen if there's a lady next to you
clapping at that one sorry I think it's
weird we have weird uh ways that we talk
about sex we compare sex to baseball I
think that's kind of weird right first
base kissing second base touching stupid
whoever made up that analogy forgot that
in baseball there's a whole other team
that's like stop we don't want you to go
any further
right sex is not like baseball sex is
like bobsledding you get two or four
people breath get them together and some
tight quarters
you gotta work together you gotta finish
together and the Jamaicans always
surprise you
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah I just got back from Italy I went
there on a solo vacation it was
beautiful we get my Eat Pray Love on
right that's what that called it right I
was going over that thanks God for apply
to me y'all know black people don't
travel it was amazing it was so great I
checked on my girlfriend's like [ __ ]
made it to Italy girlfriends text me
back like [ __ ] don't get taken like
taken away on a romantic date that's why
I came here you know I'm saying she's
taking game up you ain't got no passport
stamps you were hater but for real like
I loved it I loved it so much it was it
was it was really depressing I was in
front of Colosseum taking selfies like
somebody please love me what to the
Spanish Steps I was like Lord if you
could just have a man walk into my life
that would be amazing so depressing okay
god damn like you really get to know
yourself when you go on one of those
trips you really do I was silent the
whole time because everybody speaks
Italian and like I don't so I was quiet
for like five [ __ ] days that never
happened so fellas if you ever want your
woman to shut the [ __ ] up take her out
of the country where they don't speak
our language it's so hard not to talk to
you there you go it was good though I am
I realized though that my friends what I
don't get taken I'm like first of all
I'm a black woman we had the bottom of
the take a list okay like they would
take everybody but it's like I couldn't
imagine I'm trying to call my father for
rental money I'm like listen I have your
daughter I gotta be like listen I don't
know how you got my number and want you
keep calling me but she's our 18 a long
time ago
I get paid on the first of the fifteenth
I got a model work number if you want to
call her she might be able to help you
I'll be looking at my capture I guess we
go together now oh man I would be in
there like Oh setting of the [ __ ] to
read like all y'all free to go I'm the
only one you need change my facebook
status to took ok [ __ ] out you're
winning he would be so mad you have to
leave I've got a specific set of skills
mom I abstained okay I'm never leaving
he would hate me
[Music]
I am a teacher give it up for that yeah
and give it up for getting [ __ ] up
over the summers I really like every
teacher starts off really hopeful I
don't know if you guys know this if you
know teachers every teacher like in
September
it's like Tascha you can be anything you
want to be around June we're like [ __ ]
get the [ __ ] out of class you ain't
gonna be [ __ ] you ain't gonna be [ __ ] a
dentist and a lawyer [ __ ] it ain't
happen and get the [ __ ] out at the end
of the year all my students got those
[ __ ] fidget spinners and [ __ ] and I
was trying to teach them fractions one
day but I had 24 kids in my class and
they all had these [ __ ] fidget
spinners that are supposed to make them
pay attention right but they're all like
this like or whatever right and I'm
trying to teach them fractions and [ __ ]
and they wouldn't listen so I took eight
kids fidgets spinners and I threw them
in the garbage I was like now what
[ __ ] fraction of fidgets spinners are
in the trash
yeah okay you [ __ ] yeah you got that
lesson but um yeah I teach up in
Northbrook and if you're familiar with
Northbrook you know I'm the blackest
[ __ ] that whole school district has
ever seen right it's just me in the
janitor that's it right he's like what's
up Erica I'm like hey Larry or Darryl
don't [ __ ] your name is right and Larry
okay but and for all the black people in
here he's black woman we know what I'm
talking about I'm sorry I don't mean to
point y'all off eternally I'm talking
about a lot of black people work in
facilities where they're the only black
person right and like I work in
Northbrook and I I do not have children
I am not married I'm in my mid-30s I
don't have a lot in common with the
teachers I work with they're married
they have kids they're in their mid
100's right like we ain't got [ __ ] to
talk about
which is cool with me like I don't want
to talk to you I want to I want to be on
black Twitter I'm gonna eat my Popeyes
I'm gonna [ __ ] about your life I don't
give a [ __ ] about what you thought about
get out like I'm gonna
don't you [ __ ] do you but since I do
comedy they all think I'm like the
coolest [ __ ] in the [ __ ] school
right and so they never stop asking me
about my weekend and I don't want to
talk to them and that was like Erica
what'd you do this weekend what'd you do
this weekend I'm like nothing Betty I
didn't do [ __ ] right like I don't know
shows nothing what did you come on Erica
I'll tell you what I did I drove up to
Door County in Wisconsin and I went
apple picking Erica the apples were
delicious
like really Betty kill yourself [ __ ]
okay
I don't give a [ __ ] about Door County or
apples no I don't give a [ __ ] right
before summer breaks she just kept
[ __ ] with me right she kept being
like come on never tell us I'm on your
website this weekend what you do come on
you know what a date Betty you know what
I did this weekend I sucked a dick so
big it brought a tear to my eye that's
what I did it's like where are those I'm
like they're in the south side Betty
okay they're not northward you have to
go south of Cermak to find a dignity
79th to be exact
[Music]
I've never been good at working out one
time I went on a run through a
neighborhood a lady saw me looked into
my eyes and said don't give up because
she could see in my eyes they're giving
up was seconds away mere seconds I don't
I don't like the gym the only place I
feel safe at the gym I know about you
guys but I feel really safe at that
vagina opening machine you know that oh
good oh good baby all day on that vagina
opening machine can't get me up that
thing they try am they do tribe
management has had words apparently I am
making too much eye contact
yikes real he-said she-said situation
other than myself I do feel I feel hot
like I feel like I have a little ticket
you guys are like what's that hot little
chicken up there spin around
yeah that's or anything but I want to be
next level huh you know I want to like
ramp up you know like I want to be a
[ __ ]
Oh my name is on the list
you know I want to be a crow I want to
shake people's hands like this you ever
ever got was limp dick dead fish hands
like I'm the funny chubby girlie I got
to come in low like hey how the hell are
you house where I have to go that I met
a girl who shook my hand like that one
time she was so hot she was talking this
guy on the square at a house party and
she was talking this guy on this couch
and I was talking to another guy on this
other couch and she didn't know it but
we were in a competition and she was
doing so much better than me she's like
whoops Burke I'm cold my dialect raped
it's good of her she's like [ __ ] you and
then I looked at my guy and I was like
I'm so cold and he was like you are
sweating for a fiercely
you are sweating so much so we kind of
barrel ahead and then this guy starts
tickling this girl right starts tickling
her and she's like I do not have a cute
response to tickling I do not have a fun
coquettish response to tickling but this
guy took this as his cue to start
tickling me now I can't really explain
the noise that came out of my mouth I
don't know what demonic Incubus crawled
from the depths of my belly but those
guys starts tickling mean I literally
let's go no y'all [ __ ] dog slay my
nice moves like a horse and I went on
alone I was always so bad what guys I
did start getting attention till I moved
to Chicago and then it started coming in
space yeah like there's this bag boy a
jewel he wants me real bad like he'll be
flirting me so much I'm like you are
later on a little thick like here's what
he said he was like you are flying
through these rotisserie chickens lately
aren't you you are taking no prisoners
with these bad boys I was like their
carcasses littering my yard
rotisserie speaking as a personal use
[Music]
but he looked like he was not you know
enemy was Bobo fat more than okay
are there any Star Wars fans here Star
Wars fans fantastic I I like Star Wars
now because the great thing is it's a
good time to be a Star Wars fan because
a new one comes out every single
Christmas now we're in a good thing when
I was a kid you had to wait six seven
years and then you couldn't see him on
video even for like 20 years like it was
crazy now you get them all the time it's
fantastic and so Road one just came out
this Christmas this past Christmas but a
year before that the movie The Force
awakens came out how many people
remember the force awakens remember that
so that was the first installment right
the continuation after Return of the
Jedi so a long time we had to wait for
that right so when I went to see it I'm
gonna tell you the story is there anyone
here who hasn't seen the force awakens
but wants to you okay you've had a year
and a half I don't know what you're
waiting for they're out we used to not
do it they went with how you okay but
they're still it's on video twice okay
it's on video you get it over the face
alright well there's a spoiler alert in
this story so if you don't want to hear
it
plug your ears buddy heat a bit yeah
here we go so you've had enough time I
don't feel right I mean I do that you
got left though that part I feel about
but there's plenty of time yeah so okay
so my wife and I go see it the night it
opens and the great thing you guys know
this because we kind of live west of the
Mississippi
once it's midnight on the East Coast we
get to see it late Thursday night right
that's one of the cool things they don't
get to do that in the East Coast so my
wife and I go see a Thursday night
everyone else gotta wait till Friday and
we come home afterwards and she's
texting with her friends and I love the
force was so good she's texting with her
friend and she goes oh hey her friend's
husband is going the next day they
bought 10 tickets for a group of them to
go and someone doesn't isn't gonna go so
they have an extra ticket she goes hey
do you want to go with them and I was
like no you know what I liked it it was
awesome I really it's a great movie but
I just saw it I don't want to see it
twice within 24 hours it's a little too
much right and so I go no no no I will
find someone to give it to tell him to
give it away and she goes she goes now
you should really go that would be fun
and then this is when I realize she
doesn't care if I have fun she wants
been hanging out with her best friend's
husband so that we bond and then we
could new double-date stuff down the
road
it's really what she wants she's trying
to plant that seed right so I tried to
outsmart her I was like hey you know
what we just spent 30 bucks on it
tonight I don't spend another 15 dollars
on it tomorrow it's Christmas time I
know it seems like a waste of money
and she goes no no she outsmarted me she
goes they have an extra ticket they're
just giving it to you you don't have to
pay for it oh darn she got me okay so
she goes you should go so I was like you
know what someone's gonna want to go
tell them a try and give it away if they
can't I will go so that's how its left
okay if they can't find someone to give
it to now as I finish the rest of the
story you all seem like very nice people
hopefully that you've realized I'm a
nice person as well but every nice
person stops being nice at some point
right everyone has a breaking point so
as I finish the story I want you guys to
think at what point you would have
stopped being a nice person okay
the next morning that guy calls me at 7
a.m. some people don't already some
people already out be nice just because
the early phone call all right I'm a
comedian I sleep till noon so that was
like calling me 4:00 in the morning I'm
like what's going on he's like hey you
coming today buddy we got an extra
ticket I was like hey I got a show I'm
not sure I'm gonna be back by 5:00 he
goes he'll be back come on I was like
try and give it away but if I don't if
you don't I'll come so okay so that's
Ricky calls me five more times
throughout the day right okay some
people lose it five more times finally
it's four o'clock he's like he's like he
calls me up he's like hey Steve we
didn't give it away we'll see you at the
theater I was like all right so I go
there I get there it's about ten minutes
to Showtime I walk in and there's him
and the eight people there with them
it's kind of like the front row here
right and he introduces into these eight
people they're the nicest people you
could ever want to me it's so nice right
he's like this is Bob and Bob's okay
great to meet ya this is Wendy oh hey
I've heard about yeah everyone's nice
except the very last person he
introduces me to that guy is not nice
everyone else is nice to meet you
buildable blah and then the last person
you introduced to me he goes and this is
Thurman okay the guys name is Thurman
okay that's weird right away right
Thurman okay this is a 40 year old man
named Thurman and again if you don't
think that's weird imagine 39 years ago
there was someone looked at a baby and
when Thurman no one would ever do that
no one would ever ruin a baby's life
like that and say yeah that looks like a
Thurman right so let me tell you about
Thurman Thurman's about 40 years old
he's half dressed like Bobo fat dude you
know Boba Fett Boba Fett the Bounty
Hunter from the early ones so just half
dress he didn't fully commit I would
have loved it if he fully committed but
only the top half was Boba Fett he had
the armor he had a gun he had a like a
booster rocket his back he had a a
helmet Jack back a little bit on his on
his thing then he had cargo shorts black
socks and Crocs so he looked like if
Boba Fett had retired and let himself go
a little he was a little overweight
which I'm not I'm not judging I'm a
little overweight myself but he looked
like he was not you know enemy was Bobo
fat more than okay he let himself go a
little so everyone else nice I don't
care but but he says to me Thurman he
goes everyone says nice to meet you he
goes and this is Thurman Thurman looks
at me and just says 15 bucks I go what
he goes 15 bucks so I look at my buddy I
was like what's he talking about he goes
oh he's the one who got all the tickets
you owe him 15 bucks how wasn't you're
supposed to be here so I'm like all
right I didn't lose it at that point I
reach in my pocket I'm like my wife's
involved I want to make her look bad I
reach in my pocket I have $4.00 that's
all I have is for singles I'm thinking
the nice people someone might be like
don't worry about it get it later next
time we see after the show it's gonna
start now right and so no one says
anything I'll just stare at me so I'm
like okay so I look at it I look at
Thurman I was like hey I got my credit
card how about I'll buy you some pop
candy a soda that's partly gonna be more
than 15 bucks I was like how about that
Thurman looks at me he goes I don't need
that crap okay he's that crap I eat that
crap I know other people that eat their
crappy today you know what I'm saying
you don't get that body from eating
salads he's not
it was you know to say he's not Boba
Fett is what I'm saying he's just being
a jerk with me for some reason right so
I'm like hey I don't know what to do see
he comes up with an idea he goes he goes
there's an ATM across the street this
guy hasn't seen the movie he's half
dressed like Boba Fett he's so excited
about the movie but he wants his it fits
15 bucks he's like there's an ATM across
the street so I was like all right sorry
go outside how many people would have
driven home at that point okay yeah
that's what I wish I would have thought
of that I didn't I'm still for some
reason trying to keep my head right I go
across street I go to the ATM the ATM
gives me a $20 bill okay from what I've
told you about Thurman do you think he's
gonna have change no he's not gonna
change so I run in the bank really quick
I go to the teller hey can you break
this she goes do you have an account
here I go no I don't have a count here
she goes we can only break in if they
have an account here I was like look you
gotta help me out my wife set me up but
this double date with this guy and now
this guy Thurman dressed like Boba Fett
is give me a hard time she's like
Thurman who names their kid Thurman I
was like exactly so she got it so she
breaks it up she gives me four or five
so I walk back across the street Thurman
is outside the theater waiting for me
he's not even in the lobby anywhere the
movies about to start he's a he's
waiting he's like a drug dealer ready to
collect his money or something he's
gonna break my legs if I don't have it
he goes uh he hurts you of the money you
saw me come for the bank he knows I have
the money right so this is what I lost
it I could not handle it anymore at this
point right he goes you have my money I
go yes here's your $15 han Solo dies
did I go too far
I don't know if you've ever seen a grown
man half dressed like Boba Fett crying
in the fetal position outside of a Nancy
theater but I personally really really
enjoyed it thanks for coming thanks away
you guys are so excited and smiling and
friendly Thank You Provo for being that
way I appreciate that have you noticed
in general people aren't as friendly as
they used to be have you noticed that a
little bit I give an example when I'm
talking about couple years ago I was out
of the bar
met this woman we talked all night we
flirted a little bit end of the night
came I was like hey can I uh can I give
you a ride home she's like yeah tour no
[Laughter]
we just mad so yeah we've been talking
for like four hours what are you worried
about she's like yeah I just I don't
want to wake up in a ditch somewhere
[Laughter]
don't be silly you're not gonna wake up
she thought it was funny as well we've
been married ever since and
we actually we actually just celebrate
our anniversary I'll tell you this I
think I love us one more today than the
day we got married yeah God was she a
witch that day oh my god me me me I do I
do i do all about her having to be
married I was hired to be in single any
single people here by plus they know
people tell me on Ian's back there those
are my favorite single people ones all
excited about it like it's a big
accomplishment
I'm not make it funny I was single for a
long time just never excited about it
you know for me it just meant that
despite the fact that I was in my 30s I
still had to list my mother as the
person of contact in case of an
emergency
I don't list my wife now it's the person
to contact in case you know what I'm
talking about when you have to fill out
an application some paperwork they're
like who should we contact if something
goes wrong I don't put her down things
get worse if my wife shows up she is not
good an emergency she's terrible if it's
this bad it gets up to here when she
gets there you got to call a whole new
number 10 1 1 I call him back to be like
hey send twice as much or whatever
you're sent Amaury ambulances cop cars
whatever she's here it's not good idea
it's worse than last time I don't put
her down now when they ask that when
they're like who should we contact in
case of emergency I write down Bruce
Willis
things get better when he shows up have
you seen the movies he improves the
situation things approve and think about
like right now if I had a heart attack
here on stage you know and then the
staffs like oh my god what do we do
check the paperwork and then they're
like oh he knows Rose Willis
they're gonna think I'm important right
either could do something kick him and
listen I'm not a lawyer but I think
legally if I put him down he's got to
show up I think that's how it works I
think that's the law they call him up
he's doing die hard nine or something
they're like hey Steve Azon comedian
just had a heart attack in provo I don't
know him
doesn't matter he put you down get up
here really quick fly it but get in the
helicopter fly up to Provo he's he's
collapsed in front of a fake
delicatessen find him reg we're together
put someone fun now that's my point I
was dating a lot before I got married it
looks like a lot of couples or else they
just say you guys kindergarden style boy
girl boy I was dating a lot before I got
married being in my 30s I was dating a
lot of a lot of career women I did this
one woman she told me she was a
psychoanalyst turns out she was not an
analyst
look back there explain it she was
psycho she was psycho these are gonna
get harder as we go along tonight that
was an easy one to get you all apart
early the difficulty level goes up from
here help your friends out whatever
needs to happen let's pretend we're war
together no one gets left behind tonight
okay question let's all get to the joke
finish by each each table find like a
joke Sherpa to lead the group and leave
no bed come on follow me I'll explain up
maangchi went psycho we'll see in the
parking lot I don't like to brag I'm
usually pretty modest but I will tell
you all that I am great in bed
I am I can sleep like 10 11 hours at a
time I I am a natural I will go all
night into the next day if I have to
long weekend I'm not coming out I will
stay in there until I am satisfied then
I danced a couple hours hit the snooze
button future good to be back in Utah
been here many times was probably my
fourth trip to pro well say this I think
Utah has the most beautiful women in all
of Utah
[Applause]
that's Hank sighs I think actually
actually I think Utah has the most
beautiful women in the entire country
yeah and that's saying something because
I think the United States of America has
the most beautiful women in the entire
world yeah and I think planet Earth
has the most beautiful women in the
entire universe yeah the stats back me
up we have won Miss Universe 54 times in
a row in a row that is one heck of a
streak we are on right now we have never
been beat at the Miss Universe contest
take that Mars can we get in it I'm from
the Midwest I live in California now but
I'm originally from the Midwest and
anyone from the Midwest year anyone I
wait for him back there Minnesota that
is the Midwest congratulations some
someone yesterday I was like guy I'm
from the Midwest someone was like
Arizona oh my god no you need to open
your map one more flap we're not in the
middle at all we're kind of west and
south wish there was a name for that
area the country excited I just went to
Arizona for the first time I'd never
seen a real cactus I grew up in Illinois
back in Illinois when I don't have
cactus I'd never seen one before they
have fields of them all over the place
in Arizona I was driving across across
the state wanted to see one up close see
what they really pulled the car over
walked out into a field of them let me
just warn you those things will hurt you
the worst part about it you bend over
you get pricked by one of those things
you will never figure out which one did
it you turn around and they're all like
car insurance went up this year so I was
supposed to go down once you get married
apparently not remarry the road warrior
not saying women are bad drives I'm
saying my wife bad driver she doesn't
pay attention when she's driving turns
into Mark Twain when she gets behind the
wheel starts telling stories instead of
driving she's like guess what happened
yesterday
maybe that lady I argued with at the DMV
Lance monkey I start at the grocery
store we're gonna another argument what
don't ask questions about the argument
your jobs to back me up nobody was right
there on that's your job as my husband
when you said I do it meant I do back
you up even if you were wrong about some
random are you like you just went to a
stop sign then she'll be like where it's
like oh yeah just stop within a hard
yards or so that's cool so they made as
long as you stop more than you start on
the way home there you can make him up
at any point just explain that to the
officer coming up behind us and the
fifth grader on the hood of the car and
car insurance went up and I saw an
advertisement last week on TV for a
company said they could insure me for a
fraction of what I've been paying
unfortunately that fraction was 5/3
that was a math joke that was one of the
tough ones that was it this side of the
room did fantastic you guys did great
this side room let's go to the Sherpa
that's a bad fraction if the fives above
the three-year paying more money it's
not good you need to flip the numerator
and denominator did that explanation
just confuse some people more
did he just say denominator I'm
Republican backing out Minnesota it's
very flat back in the Midwest that's how
you know you're in the Midwest it's very
flat I wasn't used to it I drove out to
California when I left the Midwest drove
across the mountains you guys are used
to living in the mountains I'm not used
to that this is what I learned about
driving winding mountain roads I learned
that you need to watch the road which is
crazy because they have signs everywhere
telling you to watch for other things
you know we could be driving and their
signs like watch for animals okay
looking out for animals find the animals
it's like a highlights magazine where
the animals
then they get specific watch for dear
okay just here just here whoa no that
was a bear that was a bear
watch for rocks
watch for falling rocks watch for
animals throwing rocks listen okay
they're so angry this is my favorite
roads I know if you guys have it here it
says it says watch for low-flying
aircraft Jose did that to say aircraft
where the heck did we turn we're gonna
highway or a runway what that
listen I know engineer but if I have to
watch out for rocks animals and
airplanes maybe this is a bad place to
put a road maybe we should rethink the
whole road in this area idea rezone it
for something else you ever see those
guys out there zone on the roads you
ever seen those guys there's two guys
for the whole country that's all we have
doesn't matter if you're in Minnesota
California Utah there's two guys they
travel the country zoning roads it's two
guys it's a fat guy in a skinny guy all
right they got City orange vests right
and then they got the world's smallest
telescope Rosie
the boss comes in or I take a break all
right better double-check your work just
as we suspected there's animals and
airplanes throw in a bunch of rocks
bring in the bulldozers let's do it
open up some signs if we find no worry
about good try a lot with my wife is
anyone here we like to sing in the car
is anyone here a person who messes up
the words to songs you think you know
the words the songs yeah yeah are you
raising your hand usually people point
at each other like what you guys are
admitting it my YouTube but you know it
you seem to know it my wife thinks she
has the right words and she's not close
at all you know because some people are
like 50% confidence there's just like
I'm singing the words to the song not
really sure if these are it but I like
singing so I'm gonna sing along you know
like most people are like that my wife
100% confidence she knows the words and
she's 143 percent wrong not even close
and I learned this we were dating about
eight months had I known this before I
don't know if we would have stayed
together it was so shocking because I
had fallen in love with her at that
point and so we were driving I'm driving
she's in the passenger seat and Eddie
money's two tickets to paradise comes on
and if you know that song it'll make
sense once I sing it so it starts out
and it goes uh if you know the song sing
along if you don't you know this part so
it goes starts out it goes I've got a
surprise especially for you something we
both have always wanted to do and then
there's some background vocals wait is
so long waited so long that's when she
was singing the wrong thing waited so
long that's what he's saying we've got
two tickets to paradise waited so long
she's singing in the passenger seat top
of her lungs 100% confident lady Fallone
lady Fallone so of course I was like hey
who in the heck is lady Fallone and she
thought I was being deep so she goes I
know right
who is lady Fallone who is she
then he wrote this song about where is
she today I go she's not anywhere
because that's not what the heck he's
saying they're not even close and if we
didn't if I didn't love you already
you'd be out of the car right now and
this would be the end of us to be gone
if she's driving she does this I know if
you guys got good parking tonight this
seems like a Utah seems like a place a
lot of good parking where I mean for
California it's very tough to get good
parking but she does this if she's drew
if she's driving we get the very closest
space like very front row to a place at
the movie theater restaurant that kind
of thing if she pulls in if she's
driving she looks at me in the pasture
the passenger seat and she goes Rockstar
parking like what she was Rockstar
parking I was like no this is not
Rockstar parking Rockstar parking would
we we drive around back I get out of the
car you stay there cuz you're my
chauffeur
I go inside play some songs do some
drugs make well with some strangers then
I come back out get in the backseat puke
all over it you drive me wherever I want
to go for the rest of the night
that's Rockstar parking this at best is
handicapped parking she took me shopping
before I came out here we got to we got
to this jacket but she took me to a
place I had never been before I don't
know if you have it in Utah it's called
it's a store called Lamps Plus has
anyone ever heard of it no it's just a
couple people have heard of it if you
haven't guessed it's a lamp store it's a
gigantic lamp sir mostly I'm stores
about the size of this room right this
is gigantic like Home Depot size lamp
store and it's called lamps plus and I
don't know I was there I don't know what
the plus is for it was all lamps that's
all I found was just lamps someone told
me that means they have a lot of lamps I
was like no I I think that's what the S
is for
it's not lamp plus it's lamps plus
something else that I never figure out
but anyways a gigantic the place is huge
and it's a it's like I said like Home
Depot size tens of thousands of lamps
the aisles themselves are made up of
lamps every lamp you could ever want
table lamp ceiling lamps floor lamps
everything is gigantic and Lissa I'm a
guy I don't need much lighting you know
what I mean I can use the light on
flashlights at my phone basically for
everything I need if I wasn't married I
wouldn't even have an electric bill I
just walk around the house solving
mysteries with my phone shining it on
things you know and but now that I've
been there I'll admit it's a pretty cool
place if I need a light or a lamp in the
future I'll go to lamps plus it's pretty
cool I wouldn't want to work there I'll
tell you that I don't want to work with
lamps but could you imagine having the
closing shift at lamps plus
[Music]
what's that once no you guys go to the
movie without me I'm gonna be here for a
few hours I've done the math if I do one
every three seconds it's still gonna be
four in the morning guys gonna be here
by that time and I really understand the
whole thing I don't know wait hold on a
second hold on a second I just saw this
up meet me out front meet me out front
I'll be right there
my wife is from California I'm like I
said from the Midwest I took her home
actually to Chicago for Christmas this
year she had never been a place where it
snows before at Christmas so I know you
go to a place cold you guys know you
bring a hat here bring a big jacket
boots
she brought mittens mittens
I think mittens are the worst invention
in the history of the world aren't they
it's like hey you know it's better than
ten fingers for you're just a lobster
for six months out of the year actually
with sauce trying to clog things trying
to grab people like hey can you hold
this probably not
I'm wearing mittens are you familiar
with in there they're big and puffy and
there's no sensitivity to what you're
grabbing is it is it breakable I
wouldn't give it to me I would know
you're better off throw it on the floor
yourself mittens are so useless that you
can't even use a mitten to take off a
mitten you ever see people struggle for
a couple minutes trying to take off a
mitten and they go you have to eat a
mitten when you're using it how did you
get it in the first place I don't even
know like you think about it logically
hundreds of years ago people go you know
cold probably the first thing they did
before mittens was just put like socks
on their arms right and you couldn't
grab anything you could just hug it and
be like let's go and then some guy
showed up one day uh Philip mitten Anna
I always think they made things that for
the person invent I'm not with us true
but Philip mitten shows up and
everyone's wearing their socks and
they're all like hey fell what's up
buddy it feels like hey fellas look at
this
like holy cow what a great idea and he's
like I know now if you're cold you can
hitchhike home and uh he can thumb
wrestle to stay warm no but can you
carry stuff not really no and everyone
thought it was a great idea except one
guy Thomas glove
Thomas glove was like hey how'd you
think of but you didn't take a team this
didn't come to mind after you start this
is a good start and then you went
nowhere with it you didn't think to do
this next bill it didn't this didn't
come on this is one fifth of a good idea
you need to go first and no one looks
tough in a minute number one think of
the toughest guy you know think you
don't I mean like a biker a Hells Angel
guy you know you're scared you're
intimidated you put them in mittens
you're like no now he's kind of cute now
he's cute here see people driving in
mittens everyone looks like a little
animal okay
someone cut some author
if you just give me the menu no I'm in
the sock okay back there are you guys
liking this year do you like this year
2017 you like it I like it
it's better than for me better than last
year by this time last year I heard her
you've been arrested too early for that
sorry okay we'll come back to that okay
how many E's in it I you guys are ready
I can tell you guys are ready for the
rest this side of the room still a
little uptight I want a man when I make
sure I want them to know that I'm
friendly and that kind of thing you then
and then we'll come back to the getting
arrested or shot I don't have kids who's
got kids here my vlogs kids you look
like a young man do you want to I'm
asking how old you are 35
that's my Sleep Number that's right
I was at my wife and I are trying to
have kids last last week we're at a
restaurant
Sunday and on the back of the menu it
said Sunday's between noon and 5:00 kids
eat free don't kids always eat free
you're seeing a kid like I got this one
dad now you're always getting it you put
your money away your wallets no good
here sweetie
waitress do me a favor do for a round of
drinks for everyone my sippy cup
included when you come back thing we
bring me the check bring me a cran too
so I can finish this maze out before we
head on out of here
this is embarrassing I have left my
wallet and my other diaper it's uh can
someone help a little brother out anyway
I don't have kids I have two dogs I'm
not comparing that I'm not saying that
I'm not one of those people you know
those those idiots who are like oh do I
have babies yeah I have two fur babies
at home they're my baby I have two dogs
and they're my babies I know it's much
more difficult to raise I'm just saying
that's all I have it's much more
difficult to raise a child then I know
when your baby has to go to the bathroom
you know just kick the back door open
really good going out there
Go coop in the backyard we'll scoop that
up later when you're done crawl back in
I'll throw some food on the floor there
for good baby good baby good baby a roll
over roll over baby I know it's much
harder but I have I have a two
Australian Shepherds I don't know if you
know what Australian Shepherds look like
but I have two of those one of them just
got sick
well not sick I did take her to the vet
right before I came here to Utah I woke
up in the morning and my dog had out
like a golf ball-sized growth in her ear
one of them and so I took her to the vet
and we're waiting in the room at the vet
and the vet comes in before we even put
her up on the on the table the best from
across the room he walks in and he goes
ooh which is not a good sign when
someone with a medical degree goes ooh
not good even my dog knew that was weird
she was like you know she knew that's
America here he goes rule looks like a
looks like a hematoma I was like
hematoma what's that as eye cancer
something he goes oh no no that's just a
that's a technical term for a blood clot
she's just got a blood clot and he goes
you probably heard it called other
things cauliflower ear he's like a lot
of times mixed martial arts guys get it
or boxers get it and I was like boxer no
she's not a boxer she's a she's an
Australian Shepherd you don't know the
difference between the breeds that's
obviously not a boxer he goes no no not
boxer like a dog like a boxer like real
boxers they get punched in the air I was
like I didn't punch her in the air I
didn't
he's like I don't think you punched her
in there he's like I'm saying she got
she probably scratched herself too hard
or other dog like nipped her he's like
if she's not even in pain it's just a
blood clot that's all it is
I said okay well what do we do he goes
there's two options he goes the first
one is you can just wait a week she's
not even pain he was in a week the
swelling's gonna go down then this is
gonna shrivel up like that that kind of
cauliflower where he said or you can
leave her here for an hour I'll put her
under I'll take a syringe I'll drain the
blood and then the ear will be perfectly
fine it'll look nice I said well of
course let's do that one right so I come
back an hour and a half later that
procedure 950 dollars yeah I looked at
the bill I was like whoo I didn't know
it was gonna be 950 dollars for that I
could have lived with the mangled ear I
didn't know all the information earlier
she would have been fine if I had a
mangled ear you'd see it right sir thank
you for my dog we could have done a fur
comb-over or something to cover it up
for 50 bucks who could've bought a
beautiful scarf and just covered her
with the orphan scarf and been like
don't look under there it looks like
what the other one looks like trust us
that's and listen I I basically the more
I thought about it my dog wasn't even in
pain
I just basically paid to have plastic
surgery for my daughter so that she
would look nice look at the beginning of
the month if my wife and I were allowing
$1,000 for plastic surgery I would have
fixed some of this I would have done
something here I see some of you nodding
you're like yeah you got some things you
can do there yeah your your nose as a
your ears aren't perfect your nose is a
little big oh those what's up with those
eyebrows have you always had does that
weigh that little thin there can you do
something about that and listen I live
in Los Angeles what if my dog gets
addicted to plastic surgery that's what
happens in Los Angeles what if I get
home from this trip and she's like hey
I'd like to have my eyes pull back
coffee
maybe some fur out from under the chin
what if you want fake breasts that one
have to buy eight of those
have fun I think it's nice that we ended
up here together tonight do you believe
that you believe things happen for a
reason destiny does anyone believe in
destiny
some people know some people yawns some
people are I do I think that everything
in life happens for you everything even
the tiny things happen for a reason for
example if I'm in my car in the driver's
seat and someone I know walks up to the
passenger door and grabs the door handle
at the exact same time that I hit the
unlock button therefore leaving that
door still locked I just drive away
you're right home not meant to be
the universe has spoken
I'm sorry grandma maybe next time
maybe next time do you guys like
impressions yeah me too
should have prepared something since you
guys like him so much
no I'm kidding of course that's kind of
what I'm famous for my impressions
that's kind of when I'm known for
you've probably heard some of the famous
impressionist throughout history there
was a rich little was a great
impressionist Monet was a big impression
is there was a French painter okay Monet
frank caliendo's the big guy now Frank
Caliendo and I'm feeling him Frank
Caliendo they offered me a big sitcom
like him I was like screw that I'm going
to Utah and so I have a delicatessen to
perform in front oh right so I don't
like to brag I'm much better than any
other impressionist you've ever seen in
your life
I'm not bragging the reason I am I
started much younger than most people
you do something a long time you get
really good at I started when I was six
years old doing impressions and so it's
been a long time and most impressions
what they do is they come out they have
five or six people are really good at
doing and they do those for you and
that's it I'm so much better I can do
anyone drop it a hat without prep who
would you like to see not yell out any
celebrity you would like to see who's
you like tonight Jim Carrey Jim Carrey
is first my ear will get tall am I so
good here we go here one Jim Carrey I
should tell you I've always kept that
style from when I first started okay so
here we go a six year old impressions
six year old impression
[Music]
thank you thank you
hey Kim well so this would you like say
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you thank you all right I could do
these all night we got time for one last
one Kermit's Ron right here so we just
say I'm gonna dedicate it to you what's
your first name sir
Riley here you go Riley Riley I'm so
good at this
I'm not even gonna do Kermit the Frog in
just that little conversation I've
already learned to do you so that's how
good I am at this here we go this is
Riley and Provo Utah here we go
[Applause]
you're very lucky to have me thank you
thank you good sir
great sense of humor there's still two
people like you guys are a fun crowd
you're super fun Thanks
you guys are a nice crowd I mean it's
just nice people here in Utah I live in
Los Angeles that's home of the greatest
hecklers in the world is Los Angeles
Mexican hecklers are the greatest if you
ever want to learn to be a good heckler
study under a Mexican America they are
the greatest ever ever I was one at a
bar a few weeks ago performing and this
guy wasn't even watching the show he had
his back to me and at one point you just
turn around and he goes hey you better
get funny quick
and I don't take kindly to threats like
that you know what I mean by that is I
left I went home right away and just
didn't do any of the games I wasn't a
Dodger game one time and two rows in
front of me this guy that we they were
playing the Boston Red Sox and the Red
Sox centerfielder is a guy named Bradley
and this guy two rows in front of me
just yells out at one point he goes hey
Bradley he personalized the boom he
wasn't like this is a boo for everyone
he's like just you Bradley like even the
right fielder was like that's not for me
I just got back from Canada any
Canadians here are you really from
Canada are you just to be a nice to give
me fun you are from there what part
Calgary fan says I just went to Banff
did I say all right
Oh fantastic have you guys been to bands
did you see how how worried I was about
spelling you're right like you're saying
it right cuz it's spelled as spelled
weird roots it's ba n FF there's two F's
in there so I was worried I was like
Canadians are usually nice but I thought
I might say it wrong like oh yeah just
after him from bass and he you know
she'd be like what what you just call it
dance no it's not bands
it's bands
idiot bands there's two apps you
pronounce both of them where are you
from Chicago
yeah not chicag Chicago its BAM they
don't have the death penalty that's why
I brought it up they don't have the nest
moment and here we decide state-by-state
death penalty or not and I mean listen
wherever you decide we're at oversight
of the death penalty that that's the air
net we're gonna solve that ever people
aren't difference.i we're still in this
day and age killing people with the
electric chair we're still doing that
whatever you feel about I think we can
all agree that's a little barbaric that
we're killing people in electric chair
this is the 21st century right I mean
come on we need to update it's time
solar we need to go solar now solar
chair from this point on right we have
the technology let's do it
I know what you're saying I mean what no
more midnight executions no High Noon
high noon is high in the sky we get the
most power hey Bob it's not gonna happen
today did I get pardon no it's cloudy
it's cloudy but we checked the five-day
forecast Friday looks good Friday looks
good I want to thank you like I said for
coming out you could have stayed home
and watch TV tonight I appreciate you
being here instead have you no change I
can't I can't watch TV anymore
here's the reason why Ryan Seacrest is
on every single Channel is anyone else
sick of Ryan Seacrest is it just me he
was at the Olympics last year why was
Ryan Seacrest at the Olympics he has too
many jobs that's my problem with him
that's why he used to just do American
Idol now he's got like 150 feet that's
why unemployment is so high in the
United States of America Ryan Seacrest
has everyone's job right now I met him
because he took the job of my favorite
person in history of the world how many
people remember this guy Casey Kasem you
remember Casey Casey something who had
never ever by happier okay it doesn't
matter if you guys
young people explain who he is so you
know right ryan seacrest now does the
American top 40 when I was a kid
Casey Kasem used to do it every week
he'd read the top 40 countdown all the
music right but he did this thing that
ranked secrets does not do in the middle
of the countdown
Ryan Seacrest would always are a Casey
Kasem would always do this thing called
the long-distance dedication and was
fantastic someone would write a letters
before you know write a letter handling
written telling us that story in which
did he play a song for someone in hopes
that that person was also listening it
was never gonna happen a true was
listening right but was the saddest
story you ever heard it was always like
now it's time for our long-distance
dedication Bob from Salt Lake City
writes dear Casey Casey my grandpa was
my hero
he was an American Hero as well he
fought in Korea and lost his leg there
but he wasn't bitter about it in fact he
had an excellent sense of humor I'd go
to his house on the weekends and he'd
take off his prosthetic leg and let me
hide it about the house he'd hop around
for hours trying to find it over the fun
we had
after dinner we going to the backyard
he'd hit me with the balls with until
the Sun went down
Casey last year he died but he's still
my hero Casey could you please play a
Kenny Loggins Footloose
well here you go one more okay Eric from
Detroit writes dear Casey Casey my wife
just left me and I couldn't be happier
Casey she took everything I own and
moved down to Atlanta when I met her she
told me her name was Kimberly but it
turns out it was Satan Casey she took my
kids my car my money and everything he
moved down to the Peach State but I'm
happy she done and I'm excited to start
again on my own Casey could you please
play Charlie Daniels the Devil Went Down
to Georgia
[Applause]
[Music]
one mark okay Philip from Chicago writes
dear Casey Casey my family grew up poor
I had to share him with my brother
and Abed it would have been that bad but
he was a bed-wetter Casey I can't tell
you how many nights I woke up feeling a
warm liquid seep out of my side of the
bed as you can imagine it led to a lot
of fights when I moved away to college I
never looked back
I realize now it wasn't his fault and I
feel bad Casey could you please play
Wham's wake me up before you go-go
that's my time you those are fantastic
[Applause]
I'm a single mom and I'm rageful right
you know I'm bad I'm mad I have a 17
year old daughter and I don't like that
[ __ ] can I say that I love her but I
don't like her I mean I can't say that
at home it's considered child abuse
right I don't like her at that she
drives me crazy she's sore hormonal she
runs tried and never wins races can I
say that here are you guys too sensitive
you know she comes home with
participation ribbons I'm like really
you came home with the white ribbon they
gave you this for showing up [ __ ] I
want the blue ribbon I had the kids with
the stitches in their heads got this why
she came to me and she said my friend
Molly said her parents said it doesn't
matter if you win or lose all that
matters is if you try your best I said
did you say parents with an S on the end
are you showing off [ __ ] damn Molly and
her parents with the S on the end you
better run like the wind we're all drop
drop you off at the track and make you
run home to get a little perspective she
came home the other day and told me she
had a bully and I'm like this is not a
racial this is generational like bully
bully you have a bully what you have is
that's called rites of passage right you
can always have a bully one day those
bullies will be called taxes that's life
right what you have in she's 17 years
old
that's what you have is a year to do
something about it before it's a felony
that's what you have
you
you girls are cute you guys single yeah
here's go to clubs no that's not a thing
anymore is that that cool no I wasn't
who I used to go to club so I thought I
was cool doubt clothes make you feel
cool are you guys gonna close
[ __ ] yeah you do white girls are like
they're fun they make you feel so cool
like when you walk in they don't like it
like a smoke machine going out like the
lights on you they got your song playing
she loved it I was I was so cool and so
like the lights turned out when he was a
chick just Street pissing in the corner
[Laughter]
I hate when I asked my my husband to
help me around the house because he
always comes in what do you want me to
do which is it like the meanest thing to
say but like we've been living together
for four years right like what's your
name Michael I'll leave you the accent
Jesus Christ
Michael if you went to work after four
years of working at the same place and
you walked in and you said and what do
you want me to do
you're fired Michael
my accent the other day we had my
husband had this like event that we were
supposed to go to and I was like okay
what do I wear like I like as a woman
you know you like what do I is it
outside is that like we have questions
that they don't know how to answer he
told me he's like I'm they just be be
sexy casual what does that mean
just sweatpants with my tits out what
are we doing you made that
[Music]
maybe you guys like this I do
I do love my man very much but I also
think that he could love me more and
that's because I watch him watch the
Dodgers and I'm like what is that that's
what I want
cuz you mad are so loyal and committed
to your teams like I think all of women
a woman wanted like a man to just love
them the way they love their favorite
sports team are there any guys in here
like big sports fans pop it up your big
[Applause]
who do you like who's your team yeah you
have their jerseys and [ __ ] I want to
wear my last name artist I just came in
like I haven't feel the snows but
because you haven't seen a bunch of
dudes tailgating and they get like
pumped and height to see their team I
want my man to do that outside of my
apartment
oh I can't wait to get inserted Jessica
when I crush a can on it and she's
skinny cuz I gave the Lakers if the
Lakers don't do all do you just switch
to another team so all I'm saying you
guys and they will
I just want my I gotta be like yeah
Jessica she's not doing so well this
season
[Applause]
[Music]
I know you smoke we look at your eyes
you look high as [ __ ] are you high or
you just turning red because you're
looking at me I like that I know your
heart beating fast what I love about
white men I know when you feeling
something I start beating off banjo skin
turn around I'm like oh he liked me or
he's scared he's the way I made it heart
beat forgot the keys for the Jeep
me and Hank fine your car cuz I slowly
so look watch all that mm-hmm
you ever been with a colored girl before
yeah how much did you pay
I'm just series everybody my name is
Marcela and I'm with the last factory
production crew if you liked that clip
you just saw please like it and also
subscribe to our page if you're social
and you want leave a comment do that
don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
life moves so fast I remember when I was
young and I made the football team yes I
made the football team so proud y'all
kept my uniform on helmet on mouthpiece
in nobody knew what I was singing but I
was proud I came home one day my dad's
standing outside we had that
father-to-son moment he's like a man
you're getting older what are you
planning on doing for the rest of your
life I said dad I'm pretty good at this
football thing I think I'm gonna go pro
he looked me right nods and said you
need to pick something else
I didn't get to what's your backup plan
son or what if you get hurt dude that
guy you need to pick something else
so as a teenager just made me so mad
y'all I don't know why he didn't believe
in me right I went to that school I
practiced harder than everybody else on
that team see I was what you call a
flanker a lot of people know what a
flanker is a flanker is kind of like a
running back this last receiver and at
my school that meant that everybody made
the team so whatever so I was so much
better than the other third stringer
that I got my own play I will come out
the backfield
turn left fake right the ball be right
there to coast Aron you ready to run
your plate I said coach I stay ready he
said all right let's do it
I lined up in the backfield had my game
face on they hype the ball I'm all fast
like a cheetah all right a black panther
I think left turn right as soon as the
ball hit my hand I open my eyes and
everybody was standing over said wait
hold on to the ball right wait hold on
to the ball and it freaked me out
because I I really didn't hold on to the
ball you hit me so hard that my body
just locked up right I don't know how
long I was out but my house is 23
minutes away from the school and my
daddy was standing me said I told you to
pick something else I think something
else y'all doing comedy we get to travel
all over the place y'all I went to a
connecticut they put me in this fancy
hotel called America's best value you
ever heard of this hotel this should be
called Baghdad's mediocre at best it
looked like a crime scene from first 48
and they had a roaches no big roaches it
was a roach so big you look like a
Snickers on the ground and it had them
big long antennas moving like the matrix
I got ready step on the right - antenna
touch my leg yeah yeah I ran I screamed
I wasn't ready
right so I said yo I need to show the
management that they have a problem so
what I did was I took a glass and I put
it on top of the roach immediately the
roach got to snitchin on the other
roaches
we're gonna family they always listen on
first 48 you only got cable true story
yeah 15 years of my life I did pest
control and I'm scared of bugs but that
was my motivation I'm gonna tell you why
I'm scared of bug yeah I will never
forget it I was in the Kmart walking
down the dog food aisle it was a moth it
was flying I tried to swat it out the
way the moth flew in my ear go oh my
goodness have you ever had some flying
you're here it is so loud it sound like
a helicopter in my hair and you can feel
the light crawling on the inside and I
didn't know what to do so I did they
called the paramedics
they called them they rushed in with the
gurney as soon as I sat down the month
flew am I here I said thank goodness is
gone and his old man was walking by he
said yeah but what if he laid eggs and
you here so I don't trust old people I'm
telling you
Ron Horvath here if you want to watch my
entire special click here if you want to
watch more clips click here go ahead
click it y'all
click it click it don't wait click it
click it did you click it
hi my name is Mary Lynn Rajskub I always
get nervous when I'm introduced is being
on 24 because I have to tell you guys
I'm not really a computer genius I know
there was a lot of like [ __ ] going down
and me on the computer
keeping the terrorists away but I wasn't
really ever just mantling a nuclear bomb
sorry and I wasn't ever really hacking
into governmental files I was just
typing affirmations so I'd be like I'm
working on it as fast as I can
you look really pretty today Mary like
keep up the good job acting and don't
take Kieffer's intensity personally he
really does like you
he really does you know the other
characters would come around to like
look at my screen hoping to see the
hacked in government files and they
would just see you're a divine child of
God love and lights around you always I
love you so much
God don't make no dirt ain't chosen you
to cars forever
I did I moved recently from Illinois all
the way out here to California and I
think that you would be hard-pressed to
find anybody who's done something that
brave but I did I'm here when I lived in
Chicago used to ride my bike everywhere
and so when I moved her to LA I thought
hey I can ride my bike here until I
realized that you guys hate that one
Mexican gentleman loved it I was riding
my bike he pulled up next to me in his
van it was like hey do you want to ride
and I was like I'm alright so I put my
bike in his van
I was very late he's know where I was
going should've just kept riding I would
even ride through the winters in Chicago
and this would be very freezing and I
have to bundle up real tight one day I
was bundled I pulled up to a stop sign
and some old man must have been waiting
for the bus cuz he leaned over to me and
he goes excuse me sir it's a bus coming
I'm a girl
and then I rode away so the rest of that
winter I was just wearing my bra on the
outside of my coat and making sure that
my dick was tucked up in my pants it's
just a safety thing could get caught in
my chain so when it's warmer out I can
wear less clothing my sex is more
apparent illigal I was like ghost dad I
was biking around pulled right on up to
a stop sign that's for transportation
works and it was another Mexican
gentleman I don't know what it is that
they like about me but hold up and he
took one step closer to me on my bike in
the curb he goes
[Music]
thank you really more of a song that we
created it's hard to write away from
somebody when you collaborate like that
because the other day I saw a lady
pushing a stroller and her kid was
walking but that purse is strapped in
this stuff getting Aldrin and the
biggest thing is just managing the pain
you know used to if if you saw me
limping there was a story to go with it
you know I drove into the bleachers to
catch the ball and now I just have these
random jolts of pain
I mean not long ago I was talking to
some friends and I said yeah I just I
just signed up for Netflix and I binge
watched both seasons of stranger things
and they're like what's wrong and I'm
like I don't know it's like just one day
I woke up and I've gone from baby got
back the baby got bad back
and lately I've been having this
terrible shoulder pain I couldn't figure
out what was causing it I finally
realized it was my durum purse and I
don't even know what's in the black hole
that makes it so happy because whatever
I'm looking for I can't find but when I
go to the grocery store even if I only
need one thing I get a buggy to push
that purse and I know this is a
universal problem
because the other day I saw a lady
pushing a stroller and her kid was
walking but that purse is strapped in
of you know what they're saying you know
50s a new 40 42 new thirty nine o'clock
so new midnight and it doesn't matter
what time I go to bed I wake up tired I
think what was the point
I could have done something else
and now start to see more than just the
physical signs of aging you know now I'm
starting to see those other signs of
when I'm driving if I'm not sure where
I'm going I have to turn the radio down
so I can see
[Music]
lady said to me the other day just wait
a few years you had put your glasses on
to here and the other day I'm leaving
them all I have my packages I go to put
my bags in the trunk can't get the key
to work I keep hitting my remote it
won't release the trunk I can't figure
out what the world is wrong with this so
finally I think well maybe my latches
hung up so I took my fist and up popped
the truck suddenly the car door opens a
man steps out and goes could I help you
I said oh my
[Applause]
I so will sugar about your prayers
I mean he had a red car I have a red car
courses and Mercedes and Monza cuca Kia
apparently I can only distinguish colors
now there at least I'm not the only
person losing her car in a parking lot I
kid you not last Christmas I saw a woman
get out of her car at a crowded mall and
she took a plunger with a pink scarf
tied to it and she slept it on top of
her
[Music]
[Laughter]
introducing the new car finder
I'm seriously starting to worry about
myself about ten years ago I went to
visit a friend of Mines mother in the
nursing home and we were sitting there
talking I knew she didn't recognize me
so finally I said Do You Know Who I am
and she said no she said but if you'll
go out there to that desk that lady I
tell you who you are and what room
you're supposed to be in
back then I thought that was funny now I
have days when I need to talk to lay
that dance but some days I don't know my
name much less anyone else's a
conversation with me has become like a
game of charades I was trying to think
this actor's name and I said to my
friends oh you know him he has dark hair
yeah it was in that movie oh you know
the movie and yeah he married married
what's her name
she was on that show with those other
girls they were in New York couldn't
come up with anything and then when it
finally comes to me it's like Tourette's
three days later I'm standing in line at
the grocery store and I don't know where
I go Matthew Broderick
thank you so much so great to be here I
am originally from Tennessee but now
even though I was born and raised in the
South I am NOT a southern belle unless
of course I need to be like when I'm on
an airplane and I have to horse my bag
up in that overhead compartment I can
always find my strong man to give me a
hand people think we're stupid but
people are always asking me how I got
into comedy and the truth is I had no
choice but to become a comedian because
funny follows me I'm not kidding it is
everywhere I turn just the other day I
was standing in line at the grocery
store and the lady in front of me turned
and said how big would you say a timber
13 storage unit is
I so I'm just guessing but I'm gonna
have to go with timber 13 then I was
passing through Mississippi I stopped to
eat order salad
the waitress said what kind of dressing
I said I want Caesar and she said oh no
she said honey said they come in these
real easy to open packets you won't need
no Caesars
[Laughter]
and then I ordered a large coke and she
said we don't have large we only have
small and medium
now where I'm from you need three sizes
to have a medium
just give me that bigger one
as wearing down st. Augustine Florida
and a friend of mine going with me also
a short blonde hair we've gone out to
eat and the waitress walked over and
said are y'all related and I said no and
she said are you sisters I said we're
delusion
and I heard a man sitting at the very
next table that's the same waitress
if the Alaskan snow crabs were local she
said I think so
but these things happened to me all the
time just the other day I was at the
doctor's office waiting room and a lady
strikes up a conversation with me and
starts telling me about a trip she's
getting ready to make to Washington so I
said Washington State or Washington DC
she said I don't know and then she
continued to talk about her trips on
thinking she didn't understand the
question so again I said I'm sorry did
you say you're going to Washington State
or to Washington DC she said I don't
know she said wherever the president
lives
and her vote counts just as much
[Applause]
scary and even in my own great state of
Tennessee I stopped at McDonald's an
hour today egg and cheese biscuit girl
taking my order asked me that I want my
head ground or fold well I've never been
asked that before but I consider my
options and I said I'll go with round
she said we only have folded but my
favorite one was when I was working in
Indiana it was just across Kentucky line
off Interstate 65 and right there for
the time zone changes and I forgot to
ask where my show was if they were on
Central Time or Eastern Time glad to run
into Walmart anyway so I just grabbed a
woman in the store and I said her you
know Central Time or Eastern Time she
said I don't work here
and that's why I'm a comedian
they live in Chattanooga and I played
college basketball there and when people
find out I play college ball the first
thing they say is yeah but did you
graduate yes and I don't appreciate what
your incinerating and I got a degree
actually I was a good student I
graduated hakuna matata the people
always surprised to find out that played
college ball because I'm five too but
hey someone had to pass to the tall
girls and everyone thought I would be
told because in the seventh grade I wore
a size 9 shoe even the doctor told my
mom said oh she's gonna grow sad look at
her feet said she's either gonna be tall
or be a clown
I think we know how that worked out
but I still try to stay active and I've
recently hired a personal trainer and
you know I but after I worked out with
her a couple of times I had to sit her
down and explain to her that she had
completely overestimated my goals
I am NOT trying out for anything
I've decided if I'm not a good girl
God's gonna send me to the big gym in
the sky and make me do burpees
and some days I'll be standing in the
shower I won't know if I wash my hair
exactly where I am in the cleansing
process
and I have literally been digging
digging digging through my purse looking
for my cell phone while I was talking on
it
I can't find my phone I don't know what
I've done with my phone my friend goes
well just talk to me on this one to you
and now everyone is wireless you know
the other day I'm waiting for the
elevator so elevator doors open Gaga's
hey I said hey he goes how you doing I
said I'm good
he goes I'm on the phone I said I am too
you gotta think quick
but I found a way to really make that
work for me I ran into a girl in high
school where she came running over to me
Karen I said Cathy and she said no she
said I'm Sarah I said I'm on the phone
[Laughter]
[Music]
and whenever I'm talking to my mom on my
cell phone if I drop the call and I call
her back she's in a panic she's are you
okay I'm like well yeah I just lost my
signal and she's like oh Lord
that scared me to death I was afraid
somebody had knocked in the head she's
always worried about that don't stop it
arrest there at night somebody knock you
in the head
you better lock your doors tight
somebody break in on your knock in the
hand I'm surprised we don't hear more
about that on the news last night 15
people got knocked in the hand one one
she's talking on her cell phone
and I told my mom I was doing that bit I
went through the whole thing for and she
looked at me and then cracked smile she
said I don't see anything funny about
getting knocked in ass it's kind of a
double standard because I tell her I'm
fine stop worrying if I've called my
parents for several hours and nobody
answers I'm on the phone to my brother
and one world side of mom and dad they
didn't say they were going anywhere
we're neuro could it be then we both
take off not their house start looking
for clues in a little while here they
come
they bent the funeral home ran into
people they hadn't seen in a while
got socialising let's say yeah well you
need let somebody know if you're gonna
be out late I thought somebody knocked
in the head
obviously be a millionaire if her job
was to worry she worries about
everything I was on a cruise and the
whole time I was gone she was on pins
and needles because of pirates
I said mom the pirates in Somalia
I'm gonna be in the Caribbean she said
that doesn't matter
so there's copycats so that's what's
really threatening our national security
copycat pirates and in case you didn't
know and she knows just another about
technology to confuse her she called me
one day and she said will you look on
your computer and see what channel the
ball game comes on she said I googled it
with my remote control but I can't find
it and back when Amazon announced they
were going to start sending drones to
deliver packages she called she said you
know what's gonna happen there you order
something from Amazon they'll send a
drone out to deliver it to you and about
the time they drop it on your porch
you'll walk out your front door and get
knocked in there
the technology is great until it screws
up in it you know I flew in to Pensacola
not long ago now I rented a car and at
the rental car counter the agent said do
you want a GPS and I said oh no I have
my phone and as soon as I left the
airport
my GPS start recalculating taking me on
wrong wrong turns you suddenly start
pouring rain and right in the middle of
it my mother called because you thought
my plane had been hijacked so I said mom
let me call you back because my GPS is
going berserk and I'm lost and she goes
well don't you have an atlas and I said
no but I guess I could look for a pay
phone and call and get direction
or I know I could send up smoke signals
maybe they'll send a wagon come fetch me
even if I had an atlas I couldn't read
it because my smartphone's made me
stupid and I was reading that
Millennials have 31 billionaire
billionaires under the age of 40
due to their technology inventions and
that's because they grew up with better
stuffs
their toys were educational I had a
slinky
[Laughter]
of course I didn't invent anything I
played with a spring if they had a
question they had Google I had the magic
8-ball what do you mean ask again later
I need to know now the only thing that I
had that was remotely advanced was
etch-a-sketch and my mom got me one at a
garage sale and the left knob was
missing so everything I drew took a hard
right mostly the way we've been like
that had modern technology in biblical
times
of course Jesus would have had the most
followers and he would have tweeted
something like meet me on the Mount
hashtag fish and bread for everyone
[Laughter]
and Daniel would have tweeted oMG
hashtag nice kitty
[Laughter]
and if Moses has had a GPS when he was
wandering in the desert it would have
said in one year take a ride I had to
close my Twitter account because my mom
started following me and every time I
tweet she'd call and say stop telling
everybody what you're doing you're gonna
get knocked in there yeah I know she
worries because I do spend so much time
on the road and because of that I got a
radar detector now that's a handy device
cuz it'll let you know the moment that
you're caught
if you have a driving record like mine
you do just about anything to avoid a
ticket last time I was pulled over the
officer approached the window I said oh
yeah officer well if I'd known you're so
handsome I'd have pulled you over
they got me a date in court
those lady cops are tough
and you know cops they always ask you
that same stupid question do you know
why I stopped you so it won't be so
windy when we talk
and I tell you what I do not understand
that's cops on bicycles I mean what do
they do in their arrest someone okay
buddy in the basket dude you need to do
you need anything anything I told that
joke the other night and this whole
table started pointing to this one guy
and I said oh are you bicycle cop
he said no I've been in a basket
but the worst part of being on the road
so much I mean the last thing I want to
do when I get home after I've been gone
is to clean house so I hired a
housekeeper
but little did I know that getting ready
for the housekeeper to come is much
worse than just cleaning the house and
now I'm on her schedule another day a
friend of mine Colin said you wanna go
lunch a saddle f2 but I can't cuz
they're gonna get this house cleaned up
for the housekeeper because Sheila don't
play if she shows up my counters aren't
cleared off she'll let me go I didn't
even know I could be fired but somebody
I heard
I've been written up twice for leaving
dishes in the sink but at my new house
not long ago and before I could move
into the new house had to sell my old
house I have a trouble selling the house
and tell me if you've heard of this
someone told me that if I would bury a
statue of Saint Joseph in the front yard
the house would sell ok you've heard of
it I hadn't heard of it but I would try
anything so I got a statue of Saint
Joseph I buried him in the front yard
unbeknownst to me my dog dug him up
buried him in the backyard
two days later lady knocked on my door
and going to buy the doghouse and I
finally get moved in and the first
problem I had to deal with was I had
this huge ant problem so cause pest
control gotta come out and I said I've
got a zillion ants he said that's not a
problem because all we have to do is
kill the Queen and the workers commit
suicide I sit in you know this because
they leave little notes
or do they climb up on the roof while
the fire ants try to talk him down he
said he killed the Queen but I know he
didn't because I could still hear show
tunes coming from the colony and then I
had a tree blocking my views are back
down in my driveway so I'll call a guy
to come and cut the tree he cuts the
tree and I said what that's great but
what about the stop I'm sorry lady all I
do is cut the tree you want the stump
remove you'll need to call a stump guy
so I find a stump guy comes out of her
moods the stump and now I have this
giant whole new yard so well aren't you
gonna fill in the hole no ma'am I'm just
stumped got you want the hole filled in
you'll need call landscape so I'll call
landscape I said look I'm on my way out
of town just come in and make it look
good I get home he's planned to tree
this is my life it's a vicious cycle but
the worst part of being gone so much as
I miss my animals i-i've rescue animals
all the time I have four dogs and a cat
my friends call me the animal Avenger
because I'm always rescuing something
and they don't have to be cute
I hope possums cross the road every time
I see herd of cattle I'll move to India
with my kitty I rescued from a dumpster
brought him home named him sky but after
I had him for about six months I changed
his name to Ted Bundy he in the neighbor
cat John Wayne Gacy they go on these
killing sprees then they drag these
half-dead critters to my door now have
to try and rescue them
we do you know how hard it is to
resuscitate a mole come on breathe and
it's not just pets it's all animals I
love and I recently got to go on this
behind-the-scenes tour of our local Zoo
and it was so cool because we got to get
up close and personal with the animals
and they brought out a little red panda
Crysta pet and legend has it that I
pushed down a little girl to get to the
Panda which is completely false I did
not push down a little girl I just beat
her to the front of the line fair and
square
I didn't push her I just warned not my
father she had a short little stride and
then later they brought out of baby fox
and said does anybody want to hold the
Fox and that's my push sir
because I had to get to that Sox and I
could hear her crying she said mommy I
wanted to hold the Fox I said well now
here's a good chance for you to learn
that you don't always get what you want
it's a teaching opportunity and now I'll
go I had this wonderful experience I was
down in Miami and I swam with the
dolphins I was so cool well actually it
was only one dolphin and that was a
former dolphin
I had a similar experience with a saint
some people just realize we're talking
football
because I am on the road so much I'm in
hotel rooms a lot to watch live
television sometimes I feel like there's
100 channels and nothing on well I can't
find anything else to watch I'll flip
over to TV land see something I grew up
with and growing up my favorite show was
bewitched but the thing that amazed me
was not to Samantha can do witchcraft
but that Darrin didn't want her to I
think the perfect man would be a warlock
and when he said I'm out of clean
underwear
I'm saying why are you telling me your
nose broke twitch some up my favorite
show is Andy Griffith I would love to
see Andy film today would have Otis in a
12-step program the season finale would
be gomers coming-out episode
[Music]
surprise surprise surprise
[Music]
and you know ladies Gilligan's Island is
the reason we over pack they were only
going on a three-hour tour
thank goodness ginger was thinking ahead
but see guys are different guys can go
away for a week take two t-shirts and
three pairs of underwear and this is a
hand to single women
if you meet a man on a trip and his
luggage consists of more than a gym bag
you leave him alone
his wife pack for him
you see matching luggage that is a
married man well people are always
asking me where I get my material and
the truth is I give my material living
life you know whatever happens to me
good or bad I find the humor in it four
and a half years ago I was diagnosed
with ovarian cancer I just gone for a
routine checkup and the nurse
practitioner was examining me and we
were laughing and joking about getting
older when all of a sudden she got to my
abdomen and all the blood drained out of
her face and she said you have a huge
mass she said didn't you feel that I
said well I knew it didn't matter what I
did I couldn't get rid of my stomach but
I thought it was just like the
middle-age spread you know she said
that's not fat that is a mass I said
well you better check back here cuz I
can't get rid of that either
the next week I was in surgery and when
my doctor cut me open my right over he
came flying out size of a cantaloupe my
left ovary size of a grapefruit turns
out my muffin top as a fruit salad
[Applause]
and I'm travel all the time which means
I go through those x-ray machines at
airport security a lot don't you think
that at some point a TSA agent would
have pulled me aside
and I don't see a bomb but you're
packing a fruit Stanley
call your doctor four weeks after that I
started chemotherapy and I have to
confess you know having been a college
athlete I thought I'll breeze right
through that and that was the hardest
thing I've ever done
and on my worst days my friend Christie
would would put on Kelly Clarkson what
doesn't kill you makes you stronger and
we would dance now when I say that I
danced I mean that I shuffled around the
room look I certainly don't want to give
the impression that I talked my way
through chemo or that I was hooked up to
the IV going watch me drip watch me
Naenae
three of Watchmen Anna
did not have that in me but cancer
really has taught me so much like never
order a wig on the Internet
I ordered the Jamie Lee Curtis pixie and
what they send me made me look like Joe
Pesci from my cousin Bennett I see other
cancer patients ties scarf around their
head and look like a fashion model when
I did it people asked me to read their
palms
and of course the very last hair to fall
off my body was Gladys my devoted chin
hair
[Laughter]
and when I finish treatment my hair
started coming back guess who was first
back on the scene
kassars also taught me to live every day
as if it's my last of course that upsets
my family because every day I call them
and say goodbye
[Laughter]
I'll miss you also learn that
chemo-brain is real about three months
after my last treatment I was on my way
out of town and I pulled up to the
drive-thru SunTrust Bank and the teller
said how may I help you and I said I
need to pick up my prescription and the
second it came out of my mouth I
realized where I was then I wonder if
you'd run down to Walgreens to get it
for me
you're the one always bragging about
customer service
but the thing that surprised me the most
is I thought I was on the other side of
menopause but removing my ovary soothed
me right back in it and I'm being worse
than ever you know my favorite movie
when I was a kid was The Wizard of Oz
but now that I've gotten the older has
come to have a much deeper meaning to me
I mean when I when I was young and the
Wicked Witch screamed I'm melting I
thought she was dying now I know she's
having a hot flash
[Applause]
she's going through menopause that's why
she's trying to kill everybody
now sing the time when I wish I had me
some flying monkeys I tell you that
right
and I know why they call them hot
flashes cuz someone hit you you don't
care heat /
[Laughter]
and I always like to take just a moment
to share with the men in the room and
help you to understand the women in your
life just a little bit better by telling
you the difference between a woman with
PMS the woman going through menopause a
woman with PMS will kill you a woman
going through menopause will force you
to take your own life
[Music]
and guys you're welcome for that little
heads-up but wherever I'm traveling to I
always try to go do whatever the thing
is to do there and I was in Memphis
Tennessee not long ago and I went to see
the marsh of the Peabody ducks have you
heard of this at the Peabody Hotel in
Memphis well in case you haven't heard
these ducks live on the roof of the
Peabody Hotel and every day at 10
o'clock the Ducks
take the elevator down from the roof
where they march in single file across a
red carpet and plan the fountain until
five o'clock at which time they march
back to the elevator and return to the
roof 365 days a year it is jam-packed
standing room only to witness this at
exactly 10:00 o'clock a voice rings
across the lobby ladies and gentlemen
please direct your attention to the
elevator doors and observe this 50-year
tradition the march of the Peabody ducks
the elevator doors open and the Ducks
hit it people come from all around
watch the elevator bring us down we
marched byes we've been trained humans
are easily entertained
just envision these ducks every day is
the lobby's filing full of people going
humans need to get a life and all the
little river ducks found in the
Mississippi going mama how do you get to
the Peabody Hotel practice practice
practice now pick those knees up and
throw you into it I also see so I see a
ton of movies because when I'm sitting
around my hotel a lot of times I'll we
need to pull up a movie or see something
on cable that I've seen a thousand times
and one of my all-time favorites
by applause who has seen the movie now
with Jodie Foster have you seen that
movie movie now well I thought she gave
an incredible performance but even more
impressive than her performance was how
Liam Neeson who played her doctor how he
was able to learn her language and in
the final scene he translates for the
court what Nell the same Nell approaches
the bench so time mo what we lard nav
being Tata Nell said that since her
mother's demise she's been frightened by
so Tata Idol a and a kind a Lord he live
my Scott Annika she said that we as a
people are universally fearful
but the Lord alleviates the source of
our despair all I know is that if you
ever get stopped for DUI this is a guy
you want speaking for you
I beseech ad she said a b c d e f g h i
j that movie was filmed in North
Carolina I broke down in North Carolina
one time rolled up this little one pump
gas station goober sitting on the front
porch he walked over looked on my hood
and goes ton tattoo what I'm thinking I
found Nels father I said I am sorry sir
but I didn't understand you he say hey
you got bad tunt at so finally I said
okay um well do you sell 10 tats even
fix a car I still don't know what he did
but when I drove off I said I met you
could pay
nothing nailed make a great rap artist
you know be like jay-z Chicopee they J
empowered MAME I so talk to either lace8
a in a win if they say in the wind
hey thank you so much I'm Karen Mills
thank you
[Applause]
you
hey so could it be here this is my voice
it's it's hi it you'll get used to it
eventually I promise somebody asked me
the other day is that your real voice I
was like no I got a voice lift very
expensive procedure but worth it to
annoy people for the rest of my life
thank you
I had an acting teacher once say if you
don't fix your voice you're never gonna
have a career and so far he's right your
dreams get more attainable as you get
older right that's something it's not
like you don't have dreams anymore they
just they just change a little bit you
know like for instance when I used to
say that when I make it I used to be
like when I make it I'm gonna have a
beautiful house in Malibu overlooking
the ocean I pictured all glass windows
you know I would wake up in the morning
look at the ocean and now I'm like when
I make it I'm gonna get a headboard for
my bed I'm just gonna get one of those
giant wooden head boards like a real
grown-up bed
thank you just changes you know although
the other day I have to say the other
day I was like you know what I think
maybe I made it because I woke up in the
morning and I was like I don't have any
kids to take care of I also don't have a
husband to talk to or a boyfriend to
fight with or a dog to walk or a
backyard to mow I don't have a pool to
clean or a mortgage to pay or a credit
card to use to pay the mortgage I don't
have a real job to go to I don't have a
dishwasher to turn on or a microwave to
turn on or a Brita filter to change I
was like I am completely free to go back
to bed
and I did and I think that's winning now
yeah I think that's winning
[Applause]
can tell you all have houses guys are
like yeah it's a pain you don't want one
you do not want one I do do a little bit
of acting or as my mom says I'm trying
to be an actress son of mine is like no
mom I'm not I'm not trying to be an
actress I am an actress okay I'm trying
to get you to send me money but I had an
audition recently to play a Swedish
secretary big part you know so they're
like a lot of blondes like you ladies in
the waiting room and I overheard this
Japanese guys say they all look the same
and I was like dude that's racist
and he goes blonde isn't a race see this
is where the dumb blonde stereotype
comes from
and I was like hold on a second I
thought all Japanese guys loved blond
girls and he goes I'm Filipino I was
like you're such an idiot I didn't even
ask for your name
[Music]
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app download it now to watch my
whole special
these girls came up to me at the end of
school because like I'm the cool person
I'm the cool teacher and they come up to
me and they're like Miss Erica we had
sex ed can we ask you some questions and
I was like all right go ahead and they
were like we were learning about losing
our virginity and sex ed oh my god makes
sense right and this girl was like what
was it like for you and Holmes like
I like first time I was little I was a
little dog I wasn't trying to sex I was
in eighth grade
and yeah in September 6th it was Friday
September 6 1986 and I woke up and Tupac
had been shot when I finally had sex the
following year March 8th 1991 97 I woke
up and biggie was dead so I was like my
 kills rappers so I don't know what
the to tell y'all just don't
nobody if Drake is in LA I don't know
the to tell you right
but then this girl was like yeah we were
learning about our periods I'm like yeah
of course it's XA this one girls like
periods are so gross we ever be happy we
got a period it was like yeah
you'll be happy you got a period
is you crazy there is not a woman in
this room who is not prayed to
the Church of EPT for their
 period to start like God I kind
of made pregnant by this broke-ass
comedian Jesus Christ all his family's
so ugly yeah
put a pad in your underwear hoping to
Mason started it doesn't work to get the
abortion right and that ladies laughing
too hard okay
 hard someone's period started
tonight
[Music]
guests are fun man I love this job so
much I've not always had this job I used
to work as a substitute teacher oh
thanks all I had to do is graduate high
school so thank you that was bars Lu
it's a tough job for me it was tough
because of roll call there's so many
names that are spelled weird you're
gonna say him wrong like my first day
I'm in the classroom I'm doing roll I'm
going down a list oblique Anna names I
say the name Desiree cuz that's what it
looks like I go Desiree and this girl
corrects me she's like no it's
pronounced desire
yeah I'm not calling you that
for so many reasons I'm not calling you
that
so now I start over thinking over
pronouncing names I'm looking down the
list I'm like uh is there a payday
where's Nate a there's payday and this
kid's like dude it's Pete idiot there's
a name going around that I never had but
I hope to god it's a real name
Latasha the way Latasha is spelled is LA
- hey
[Laughter]
I didn't know we could do that
we could use symbols spell names I think
that's kind of Awesome if I have kids
I'm gonna totally do the same thing like
yeah these are my sons a hashtag and
poop emoji it's fine man
well I'm traveling with this job to you
man gosh
and just when you travel it's just easy
to eat fast food but I would eat fast
food if I wasn't travelling cuz fast
food is the best food um Taco Bell is
the best thing ever where's my Taco Bell
yes love it thank you
like I love it I just don't know what to
do with it when people try to ruin it
for you like the healthy people like
when you eat it in front of them and
they're always like that's gross man
don't you know how they make that and
I'm like no but I wish I would love to
make this home I save more money
then I've got these friends they know I
like they make their own food they're
weird man
they know I love the quesadilla at Taco
Bell and they're always likely we can
make you a quesadilla that's better than
Taco Bell and like yeah but can I come
to your house at Q a.m. and get it is
that what you want me to drive to your
house to your window yell for food I
want a.m. I'll do it and they tried to
gross you out with the nutrition facts
like we care like but the meat they use
it's a grade C me it's great C and I'm
like you know what I was a C student too
that is a passing grade we're doing just
fine
and we get by on seas we're good I was
into one Taco Bell once before I could
order the guy at the counter he stopped
me he's like dude I just gotta let you
know something the meat pump is broken
the meat pump is that what you call your
toilet leg
oh no we're at Taco Bell that makes
sense a and that's the other stereotype
I don't care for that they always give
on Taco Bell Taco Bell makes you poop
makes you go to the bathroom I'm like
what boo doesn't make you go to the
bathroom once never anything to brag
about but yeah I went to a vegan place
last month it still haven't pooped
[Laughter]
hey did you know Drybar comedy has their
own app download it right now and watch
save and share clips and watch my whole
special
my parents are shocked i'm in a
relationship they they just thought you
know the worst for me um my parents are
so cute they've been together for 40
years
40 years
amazing right
40 years they um i i
they're so cute i just visited them and
my mom was just sitting on my dad's lap
just like oh my god my baby i love you i
love you so much so much love said
my dad's like i love you i love you more
i love
the minute they're apart my mom pulls me
aside she's like
he ruined my life
my dad pulls me aside if i had time
machine
i'd go back
be gay
[Applause]
like dad you wouldn't have mia
exactly
uh
i want to do an impression for you guys
i got to get out of here um this is an
impression of my dad
telling me he loves me
here we go
[Music]
how's your transmission
that's good that was a good one all
right
nothing makes my dad proud like i don't
even think proud is a word in our
language like at all um
i don't think products were or so i
thought until i heard my parents say how
proud they were of our dog
for taking a [ __ ] outside
and i was like dad what does that word
mean and he's like it means nothing
then i got into a fight with my mom how
did we say that word in front of her oh
my god how
how
i got so confused i went outside and
took a [ __ ]
this is what you want for me
[Music]
foreign
really melancia not a joke really I'm a
LESBIAN my girlfriend I we actually just
moved in together
yeah going together a while spend like
three and a half almost four days I
should really be home helping her unpack
but I'm here because I'm the dude an
apartment hunting is a nightmare but for
us it was hilarious just imagine these
two lesbians going up these landlords
and being like we actually really hate
carpet yeah we really prefer hardwood
the Home Depot joke go there a lot my
girlfriend is bisexual
and she wants to have a baby one day and
I don't know if you guys know this but
when two gay people have a baby they
call it a gay B I know it's adorable
she's like let's have a baby come on
let's have a baby and I'm like you're bi
I have best we're going to have a maybe
[Laughter]
a girlfriend we just got a strap-on cuz
you know a lesbian was finally time to
invite a dick into the relationship we
don't want a real one
so we went to the sex shop we're going
to strap all these real awkward like hey
we need a
lady or Panetta sounds like all we got
his back one I was like a [ __ ] huge
chili give an Asian one time I'm allowed
to have preferences so I go we got a
purple one but it's a return I feel like
you're trying to sell me to use strap-on
I don't know but they just found out I
was like wrap it up I'll take it because
I'm a Jew and look ladies it's Hollywood
don't judge me for getting a use strap
on ladies because guess what every dick
you've ever had has been used police
line goes in the dishwasher okay this is
Erin on a part of the last factory
production team we hope you enjoy this
clip if you did please like subscribe
comment to this video but please don't
be a dick
I'm just glad to be the [ __ ] off work
can I say that anybody else feel the
same way away from the the [ __ ] ass
children I work with can I say that they
they are horrible human beings can I get
that part out the way they are the words
people God ever made there every morning
I got a sick cuz they sing and talk to
me in the morning they'd be like Miss
Russia saying we eat tater tots
seven o'clock at a moment is that so
crazy as that
while y'all yelling at me so early this
is the [ __ ] this is awful
why did I come in here God please let a
joy fall out the sky so I can smoke it
before this [ __ ] started my prayers are
different teachers prayers are different
God please let it be a snow day God all
of the children in k5 get pinkeye God
please I don't wanna insane all of them
in different ways all of brilliant [ __ ]
at all all of them don't get me wrong I
love the children I work with but ooh
they just all day a horrible human being
the middle school kids are so shitty for
no reason they don't pay no bills no
taxes the next night I hate miss
licensee a [ __ ] alright yeah I'll be
like that's alright that's okay cuz
that's why I love dodgeball day Friday
I'll be in my office
bumping up the mold a straight kick
balls are better I'm hitting man dead in
the forehead
it's yeah
yeah so I do want to say that I hate
that we're losing all these amazing
musicians right we lost Aretha Franklin
recently Tom Petty Prince is gone who I
love Prince I look for inside the best
hair best ass out jeans amazing
I found out [ __ ] my prince I didn't know
till he was gone who knew Prince had
parents I thought God just do Prince
down and a purple egg that's what I
thought
still sad that Michael Jackson died it's
been ten years since he died and I
remember the day he died I remember I
was just hollering I was sick I read it
on the news I'm like Michael Jackson now
how is he gonna die he's not even real
then who calls me my mama chairs Michael
dad I don't want to bother you call me
back
so I was teaching the dance class at the
time and I said imma teach them a
routine I want them to be awesome but I
cried through the whole rehearsal I set
him up we got him in there come kill
y'all we gonna get hit five six seven
[Applause]
thank y'all so much I'll be black
[Applause]
[Music]
did you just say that you got to fly in
a blackhawk
but guys and girls they're very
different right we all communicate very
different very different
i remember when we first got married i
was out doing uso tours right i was
entertaining the troops all around the
world
and this is before cell phones and i
couldn't get a hold of him and finally i
got a hold of him this is
and and i heard his voice and i got all
choked up and i said oh my gosh babe i
haven't been able to call you because
the
schedule has been crazy and we're
they're they're flying us in and out on
blackhawks we're performing and bombed
out buildings it's been crazy but i just
want to come home and be with you and
start a family and we'll
we'll just be together forever and he
says oh my gosh sweetie
did you just say that you got to fly in
a blackhawk
[Music]
men and women they're different we
communicate different we always do so
that's where you have to like work it
out you have to
make it work you have to make it work
because it gets frustrating sometimes
guys are just not big communicators and
it starts you can see it in the teenage
years when
when two friends start to try to talk to
each other they don't know how to talk
they don't know how to form sentences
teenage boys right you ever see two
teenage
teenage guys try to talk to each other
on the phone
they don't use sentences they just make
sounds
grunts they're like this hey sup
going
and they're done and they understand
each other they know where
when you know what time to meet is crazy
but you put too many teenage girls on
the phone it's completely different have
you ever noticed
teenage girls turn into rambling
contortionists right
it's like oh my gosh cindy i haven't
taught you in so long it's been like 10
minutes and so much has happened i went
to the mall and i got this really cool
blue skirt and i was like all excited
except for when i
got home i realized i should have never
got blue because ever since mark and i
broke up i've been feeling so depressed
and blue is the color of depression and
so that's why i was thinking like i
should have never got blue
because blue makes me feel depressed and
i still really like mark
and that's when i was thinking like i
don't know i don't know what i should do
i i was thinking so
[Applause]
anyways i was thinking should i work out
or what what
oh okay well when cindy gets home could
you tell her i called
oh thank you thank you did you like my
moves
did you like my
that's without professional training
right there yay
so hello this is wow you guys are the
late night party people
nine o'clock you guys get wild i love
it i like it you guys are like it's
saturday night we're staying up to the
double digits it's going to be 10
o'clock
we are going to stay up till the double
digits
it's not even new year's eve we're that
wild
i like it so i am excited to be here you
guys are all staring at me some people
look like confused they're like oh my
gosh when did celine dion start
doing santa comedy
do i look like celine do i
everybody tells me it looks like celine
diana i always get celine dion or dolly
parton
it is so weird dolly parton right there
sir i think you're the only one that
knows who dolly parton is
everybody under 20 are like huh where's
kim kardashian huh
anyhow i am so excited i told all my
friends i'm taping a comedy special
they're like that's so awesome
where are you doing it now way in vegas
i said no
[Laughter]
provo utah
exactly so i love provo i love utah this
is fun you guys do know how to have a
good time i like that a lot
uh you know sometimes you know i travel
all over the country i'm from orange
county california
i'm in la a lot yes anybody from
california
yay oh my gosh that's awesome did you
guys follow me here or what that's so
weird
um but anyways i flew in the flight was
very easy this is fantastic because
sometimes traveling is such a nightmare
not long ago i had to do a gig in a tiny
little town in waterloo iowa have you
guys ever heard of this
tiny tiny little town tiny really tiny
and my agent booked my flight i had to
fly in on a puddle jumper
do you guys know what a puddle jumper is
i didn't even know what that is it's
those tiny little planes it's like six
people on each side it's like
i didn't know what that was you know how
i figured it out i i checked in and i
said could i get an ilc and the lady
goes well sure but it comes with a
window
um
right it's like single mile seating oh
wow and it was a cheap flight too
because midway through the flight you
had to chip in for gas
so that was weird here's my 10 bucks you
know
so they pass that up but i love little
towns because everybody keeps things
just like so sweet and simple and
innocent and
a little overboard for me if you if you
ask me because
like when they landed the plane they
don't even let you off the plane they
just circle around the parking lot till
you find your car
and i'm like there's my honda
all right hit the brakes and then they
let you out but you know what was even
cuter
is uh i went into the airport and it's a
tiny little airport and they had a pager
lady
a pager lady it was half the size of
this room people a pager lady
i'm used to lax like if you have a phone
call they'll say pick up the white
courtesy phone for a message please
that's all we ever get but this lady she
had way too much time on her hands
and she was sharing all this information
that i had never
you know way more information than i
really needed because it's like paigey
mr steve burns mr steve burns uh
yeah your wife calls she needs you to
pick up some milk
on the way home
two minutes later paige mr billy parks
billy parks ah yeah becky called boy she
ticked
she said if you want to find your stuff
it's at your mama's house you
cheating liar
paige and kimberly wald kimberly wald
congratulations honey your test results
were negative
oh so you know kimberly was happy
i like i like being simple sometimes i
like being simple i think the world is
getting so complex and so
ridiculous like simple things that you
know are becoming complex like
i fly in and out of airports all the
time and and everything is fancy now
nobody has the like the restrooms the
restrooms are overboard it's crazy right
everything's automated right you don't
know what's automated what's not do you
ever do that you ever walk up to a door
and you stop because you think it's
gonna open but it doesn't open
right and then the bathrooms i miss
manual flushing anybody else
manual flushing because i was good at it
you know
i knew exactly when i was ready to flush
i knew
you know but now i have to leave it to
the control of the automated flushers
and i just wonder like ladies am i the
only one standing in the stall
trying to seduce the sensor does anybody
[Applause]
do you ever like catch yourself and
you're trying to trick it like come on
i'm done
come on my friends are waiting
it's crazy it's either you can't get it
to go or you get the premature flush
have you had that
that's terrible because you're sitting
there and all of a sudden
oh my gosh oh my gosh i'm in france
i feel so fresh now i feel so fresh
it's silly everything is getting so
complex nothing is simple anymore
i went to vegas i like you guys here
because i talked about partying here you
guys keep it simple here it's nice
you're classy you keep it good i went to
vegas i went dancing for the first time
do you are you guys a dancing kind of
group you seem like energetic i like you
i like you you go out dancing right oh
look
you got the moves already is that how
you know that's so cool
i love dancing that's why i was goofing
off i love dancing because it just puts
you in a good mood right but dancing has
changed so much i was
i was working a gig in vegas and then i
decided to go to a club for the first
time
in forever and if you're over 40 ladies
you guys know
everything has changed if you're under
20 you don't get it right okay
because like when we used to go dancing
right right remember ladies we used to
put on a pretty little dress we always
wanted to look classy we put on a pretty
dress we'd
wait for a man to ask us to dance right
and then uh when they'd ask you to dance
we'd walk out on the dance floor
and and and as they were watching you
walk you're thinking to yourself oh my
gosh i hope he doesn't look at my butt i
hope my butt doesn't look big i hope he
doesn't look right
we didn't want him looking at our butts
have you seen dancing now someone's like
hey do you want to dance and they're
like well sure here i come all right
hey thanks thanks thanks thanks for
asking me to dance oh my gosh i love
this song i love it
i love it oh this is my favorite i love
it i love it i love it
i am so shy i am so shy i'm francis
what's your name what's your name i'm
francis
i'm really sorry ma'am i didn't i didn't
realize
you were so close i'm really sorry
if we were in a different town you'd
owed me a dollar
that's not here
can you imagine isn't that crazy he's
like where are you going i like the song
let's dance to no other one
and so people do things weird dating is
weird now
dating is not simple everybody's talking
nobody's talking i take that back
everybody's texting
i like texting a little bit but it's a
little overboard anybody with me
everybody's texting texting texting
nobody knows how to talk anymore i think
texting is great but it's a little
overboard anybody with me on that one
yes i'm glad you guys are here a little
eye contact little connection
right a little oh i like that i like
that because everybody's texting and
then i'm thinking like
how do you communicate when you get
married you know and
and you're trying to romance each other
you have to
that feels so g-o-o-d you know
o-m-g o-g-o-o
um ten percent of you
okay nobody else gets it uh-huh
all right uh okay
see now i'm married i'm married i've
been married over 20 years so if i were
to text my man thank you
thank you thank you i i love being
married but things change
right right i've been married 20 years
so if i were to text my man while we
were being intimate it'd be more like
d-o-n-t
um
s-t-o-p you know h-u-r-r-y
i've got i've got got laundry i got
got laundry to do come on
let's wrap it up let's wrap it up oh
so yeah things do change i know
some of the guys are starting to hate me
[Laughter]
but the ladies we're gonna bond tonight
right ladies we're going to bond
we are going to vote that's right and
listen don't get me wrong i love my guy
so i said i've been married 20 years how
many people in the crowd are married
married people will marry people
i think marriage is uh marriage is great
my husband uh he's sweet he had 20 years
together he proposed on my birthday
and at first i was so excited but then i
got ticked off because i was like
well thanks a lot but where's my regular
present um
i realized i was getting gypped a gift
come on you know
and uh we dated for like two years and
that was sweet but then
then i started getting a little antsy
because i think women get a little antsy
right a year after a year a year to two
years we start like what is he gonna
propose when's he going to propose and i
was starting to think man if he doesn't
propose soon i'm throwing him a surprise
wedding
surprise come on come here come here oh
my god stand right there
stand right there did you really think
you're going fishing did you
not even you're getting married
have you met father phillip father
phillip this is lee lee father phillip
yeah
he just said who wants to go fishing say
i do
he loves fishing he loves fishing
so we've been married 20 years 20 years
we are so
different so different and whenever i
tell people that they always try to
make me feel better that's why i'm so
proud that we've made it for so long
because everybody says well you know
opposites tracked opposites attract
and i started thinking about it's kind
of true right right i was thinking like
wow
like like he's an introvert i'm an
extrovert you know he's a vegetarian i'm
a lesbian
[Laughter]
surprise
i'm kidding i'm glad you guys laughed at
that i am not a lesbian
i'm not a lesbian i wish i was though i
do i do
because i would totally have my own talk
show by now
right uh rosie ellen francis
it would be great it would be great but
anyways i'm just saying that to be goofy
i am saying that to be goofy because to
be honest
sometimes i feel like i work in
hollywood and i don't blend in because i
i feel like
i'm not a cool modern mom i'm actually
quite traditional like like i mentioned
i'm married i have two little boys
uh the weird part is i had my kids um
after i got married
ah you guys applaud but we're the only
ones
in this room um
i'm kidding i'm kidding i did i so i had
my kids after i got married here's the
really embarrassing part is
i got pregnant by uh my own husband that
is so
out of style anyways uh
they think i'm a freak in hollywood
they're like ah
i'm kidding i'm being sarcastic i think
it's fantastic so
i have two boys i had my boys back to
back which uh freaked me out
because i didn't even know you could get
pregnant that way
and
bam bam baby who knew who knew
i was just trying to keep it fresh
trying to keep it fun and then bam baby
i had no idea i'm that clueless and that
clueless but i will tell you what i did
know
and uh i figured this out real fast when
you have a baby and then you get
pregnant like a month later
um no one says congratulations
they don't they look at you and they're
like get cable
right like calm it down
girl calm it down jeez
are you kidding me are you okay i've
been married 20 years
20 years i love my guy he is still hot
and beautiful to me
but the thing is things do change they
change anybody been married as long as
me anybody in the longer
yay how many for you guys how many 20 12
oh good for you
very nice things have changed a little
bit have they yes you love this guy
though right
yes very good just disregard the
pregnant pause right there just just
that little hesitation was just a glitch
she was swallowing water
anyways uh and what about you guys how
long have you been married
almost 31. fantastic looking he this is
a sign of a man that's been married 31
years look at you don't even make sounds
look at you just
you're just staring at me like i'm
speaking chinese sir
i like that 31 years
that's fantastic things do change i love
my guy
i love my guy but let's be honest when
you first get married you're like oh
i just love you all the time all the
plays right right right and then
and then things things change things
change let's
let's right you have kids and and it's a
beautiful thing but
like your love life does change a little
bit because all of a sudden your house
is filled with toys every single toy
makes a noise right
right right moms and you can't get that
out of your brain but you're still
trying to be a good wife so
you're making love to your husband but
all all i could hear in my brain was the
wheels on the bus go round and round
right
you're making love but you're hearing
wheels on the bus go round and round
right
and then i'm like all into it my
husband's like wow you're so fired up
you know
i'm like i just want to finish the song
you know
i actually started shouting out make it
stop make it stop
which which is something you don't want
to say to your man that's insulting
they don't like hearing that part but i
will admit to you guys because i feel
like i'm bonding i always screw up the
bedroom talk i'm not good at it i'm not
good at it because i
i don't shift out of mom mode into wife
mode very easily
and like one time i was with my husband
and i actually heard myself say good boy
[Laughter]
it was crazy it was crazy and then we
got done and i was like yay you did it
[Applause]
you did it you did so good yes you did
yes you did you did a good job that was
very good
good job i'm not gonna lie he did really
good he did
he did you know so i gave him a treat
you know i was like
here's a cookie you know because i
wanted him to remember
and um oh positive reinforcement for
that boy right there
oh it's crazy crazy crazy crazy
i'll tell you what that was uh that was
when i first had kids so i had the two
boys and everybody asked me for a long
time what about a girl didn't you wish
you had a girl
what about a girl did you wish i had a
girl and for a long time i wanted a girl
but then i realized i was really lucky i
never had a daughter
because if i did she would always be
younger than me and
um right like younger and prettier under
my roof who wants to live with that
pressure
not me but i'm sure you look at all the
moms getting quiet no i love my
daughters i
actually would love to have a daughter i
think having a like a teenage daughter
would be very helpful
right right yeah because they're stylish
and trendy
and i could use a little help sometime
because sometimes i screw it up
like like i i try to be hip and cool
like i got a
belly ring but it's a clip-on
and i know i know
and then i decided to get a tattoo
i knew that it would go over well and um
you guys are like no no no no no but
this was a good tattoo i i was trying to
be
subtle it is the cutest cluster of
spider veins like right there right
right oh man it looks so real
it does it looks really really real they
did such a good job it looks awesome
anyway so 20 years in with my guy 20
years in we still try to keep it good
we try to keep love alive but let's be
honest things do change
and and like i said uh i i love my guy
but i i'm gonna be honest
i i'm you guys 20 years together you
must relate to me right right you love
my man your man
i hope you don't love my man you uh you
love your man right
but uh here's the thing it's like
sometimes do you guys have kids
yeah yes life is busy rage and and
sometimes you have to try to find
wow you sound angry and
but i relate i'm with you i'm with you
we can't do it all right and our
husbands always want us to be close and
intimate and i try
but i'm gonna be honest i am being i am
making love to my husband these days on
birthdays and holidays anybody else
birthdays and holidays are you with me
on that one birthdays and holidays
a little bit more
no you know what here's what it is i i'm
doing birthdays and holidays
and i don't know about you but sometimes
it feels like the holidays are getting
closer and closer together right
would you guys lighten up this is jokes
ah
you guys are like wow i feel sorry for
her man yeah
birthdays and holidays and she's
complaining because the holidays
but see i do all it's like crowded and
last year was really like you said a
little bit more last year was a busy
year at my house because it was election
year right
and yeah my husband would come home hey
it's super tuesday
you guys have to hurry up i only have
about 35 minutes so
can't take that yeah super tuesday he
does he all he finally figured out that
he gets
he gets a little bit of action you know
on a holiday so all of a sudden he'd
come home bring me flowers i'm like what
are these for it's groundhog's day you
know
so crazy i know and his favorite holiday
is black history month
ah so
it's the whole month honey
the smart guy you know who messed up the
birthdays in holiday thing is dr oz do
you guys watch dr oz i love that show
dr oz says it's important to be intimate
with your spouse because you'll live a
longer healthier life right
so i thought to myself okay what the
heck you know i'll kick it up you know
i've been married a long time but i'll
kick it up to bi-monthly
right right instead of like every you
know every three months i'll do
bi-monthly isn't that that's not bad
right guys
come on i was thinking listen i'm a
planner
i'm a planner so i thought i will put
him on the same schedule as my
housekeeper
every other thursday that way i'll never
forget i'll remember
every other thursday it'll be so good
that'll be perfect and then when i'm
really
you know it's like whatever that's a
joke i can't say in this town
and uh anyways
anyway so here's the deal i want to
finish this up with dr oz
it turns out that every other every
other week is not good enough he said
you have to be intimate three to four
times a
week
[Applause]
seriously you guys are awesome oh my
gosh
when i heard three to four times a week
i thought to myself i'd rather eat a
bowl of brussels sprouts
that'll help me live longer
anyways i'm glad you guys can laugh at
that stuff because life is worth
laughing at right and
you've been married exactly you gotta
you know what the process of being in a
long-term marriage is
is fantastic and you have to use your
sense of humor to get over the bumps in
the road are you with me on that one
absolutely so you can't get up tight
about things people get too uptight
about the silliest things
i'll be honest at my house romance has
always been a little bit odd i'll share
it with you guys i'll tell you why
because my husband's from wyoming how
many people from wyoming
exactly no one
no one is from i got my man from wyoming
that means
that means he's into outdoor stuff he
just wants to go hunting and fishing
that's all he wants hunting and fishing
hunting and fishing hunting and fishing
and when we first got married we were
trying to have a baby and i'm trying to
romance them i did normal stuff
like candles and music right and and
romance none of that works
and then i realized okay you gotta kind
of approach a guy with what he likes
and so i figured out how to make it work
i i ended up standing in the middle of
the bathtub wearing a pair of rubber
waders
come on go fish baby go fish
[Applause]
that's my man right there my man
i i know i look silly i know i look
silly but
i got lucky every time i did
see now i thought he would be happy i
thought that would be the end of it but
no
he took it to the next level because all
of a sudden fishing season's over but
now
it's hunting season so he comes home one
night
and he's like hey sweetheart put this on
so i actually strapped the antlers to my
head
right
okay then i had a high
between the couch and the ficus tree
i was a little nervous you know i was
nervous i was nervous because i had
never played hide and go kill before
right oh but he loved it he loved it i
could hear him in the kitchen
he was like be very very quiet
it's wife hunting season
[Laughter]
that freaked me out so i start running
for the front door cause i wanted to get
the heck out of there right
but he goes around the corner with a big
old flashlight and i just froze i
couldn't pull my monster
it was like a deer in headlights you
know
oh and i was scared because i thought oh
my gosh he's going to take me outside
and strap me to the hood of the car
[Applause]
no he didn't do that he didn't do that
instead he ended up mounting me in the
library
so
[Music]
[Applause]
there's my wife right there
i bagged that woman i bagged that woman
right there
see now if i said mounting me in the
library in a different
town it would mean something totally
different anyways
anyways for the longest time i was
afraid of becoming a mom
because all my friends we would talk on
the phone like that right
and then all my friends had had kids
before i did
and and they were the girls that i would
i would talk to on the phone all the
time but then they had their children
and then they would call me and still
try to talk to me but they were talking
to me and yelling at their kids at the
same time
talking to me yelling at their kids at
the same time and i couldn't tell which
was which
you know those people yeah yeah i got a
huge
fight with my friend because i called
her up i was like hey crystal's going to
go to the gym do you want to go and
she's like well i would love to but it's
wednesday and um hey hey i
i am busy
i'm like oh okay well maybe we could go
a little
later and she's like what did i just
say
[Applause]
i was like well you said you were busy
so i thought maybe we could go a little
later she's like i
said no i'm like all right
i was just asking she's like if you
don't knock it off i'm gonna smack you
i'm like yeah
i could kick your butt
she's like don't you talk to me like
that i'm like you don't talk to me like
that no you don't talk to me like that
no you don't talk to me like that
and then she's like oh my gosh you've
got poopy pants i'm like at least i
don't stuff my bra
kids are great i'm glad i found my guy
like i said we're very different
only the only one thing that did did
work out for us that was in common is
i'm a very tall girl so when i was
dating that was kind of tough i
i'm very tall doing any tall ladies in
the crowd any tall ladies yay how tall
are you oh we got a bunch of my hot tall
five nine
five nine very nice and you five eleven
you're my kind of girl is this your guy
right here
is he taller than you yeah you probably
checked that out first didn't you
i know see now for me i always dated
guys for their height rather than their
wealth
you know be i know because i wasn't
thinking
and uh
now that i look back oh i would love a
short little rich man
anyways
actually i never cared i never cared i
did a short guy i don't care i would
date a short guy it's very hollywood
it's very
very uh attractive if he's confident i'm
okay with it
but some short guys get angry around
tall women did you ever notice that
yeah like we stole their height
like we had anything to do with it but
they get mad did you get this growing up
i always got that
stupid stuff like in high school this
guy would be hey what's the weather like
up there
every day every day hey what's the
weather like up there it was weather
like up there one day i snapped i go
it's raining
you know
[Applause]
i always got those things i was in a
nightclub once i went hey do you play
basketball
i'm like no do you play miniature golf
[Applause]
and you shouldn't get upset about that
you shouldn't get upset about it you
just live with what you have and you use
your sense of humor to get through
it i learned how to get through my
height right like i wanted to be
i wasn't used to being tall but i didn't
want to slouch so i never wanted poor
posture
but i did uh do the the hip stance i
don't know if you ever did that because
here like 5
10 right look at five seven
five ten five seven actually it worked
out really really good
until one time i was at a party and this
guy starts walking towards me and i
didn't realize how short he was until he
got closer and i was like oh man he is
close
he is shorter wow he is oh i oh wow
really oh man
what's up and he's like wow are you a
model
i thought i was a model i'm like no are
you minnie me
and uh but he was so nice he still asked
me to dance so i didn't want him to
notice so i was doing all my cool moves
slow dancing was weird hello
it's crazy ah anyways
i don't know i i just think that the
hype thing doesn't matter it doesn't
matter i never wanted to be rude
so i tried to give uh i tried to be guys
compliments one time i was in a bank
writing some short guy standing in front
of me he was like about five nothing
right
i know and i wanted to give him a
compliment so i looked right at him i'm
like you are so cute
yes you are and he looked a little mad
so i'm like don't be mad at me
come on oh come on don't be mad at me
let's play ready
he got a little upset so i just put him
down you know
he scurried away i felt like saying fine
go deposit your pot of gold
and women can be mean to each other too
women can be really mean i was trying to
embrace my height trying to
learn to love it right so one time i
decided i'm gonna just like totally go
for it so i put on this brand new green
dress i went out dancing
matching high heels green dress green
heels i felt pretty
but then i was in this this this night
clubbing and
three little petite women are making fun
of me they're like oh look it's the
jolly green giant
the jolly green giant so i just played
along and i was like ho ho
ho ho
[Laughter]
green giant whoo
see don't let stuff bother you don't let
it bother you
things change we can't change everything
we can't change everything about our
bodies we just have to embrace it right
right and yeah go ahead clap for me
and um i'll tell you why
i'll tell you why okay i like you guys
so i'm gonna go for this i'm gonna go
for this on the last show we were a
little bit
worried like should we do this or not
but i'm gonna go for it because you guys
are fun right you guys are yeah
you guys know what humor is about right
yes yes
okay so one of my biggest things i think
a sense of humor is very important in
life because as we know
we can't control everything you can't
control your height you can't control
your body you can't control your size
and that's one thing about women i am
from listen i am from l.a
area work in las vegas and i'm trying to
do this bit right here in provo without
saying any
any words and um
and like i don't want to say the you
know the words about like you know when
women we have different size you know
appears
and um and some women don't like the
size of they're up here
and uh right right and so i you know so
i'm trying not to say any words that
would offend so you know what i'm
talking about is
uh bumps that's what i'm talking about
the women's bumps are bumps
like we all have different size bumps
are you with me we have different size
bumps
and and you know what sometimes women
want bigger bumps than they have
and sometimes they don't and i never
worried about the size of my bumps
growing up
if you need help ask your neighbor
some people over here what are you
talking about uh
i never worried about the size of my
bumps because am i the only girl
who thought that uh bumps are kind of
like teeth anybody else teeth like
right teeth i thought my bumps were like
my teeth i thought the baby ones would
fall out
right the baby ones will fall out and
then the permanent ones will come in and
then i'll
and then i'll have adult bumps but uh
clearly that didn't happen
and uh the only time i had big bumps was
uh after i had a baby because
lemono right oh my gosh i had a baby and
i went from uh
a bump to um a d bump
did you know that that bumps come in cup
sizes so i had a
i had an a cup went to a d cup but then
when it was all over i was back down to
a quarter
cup that was a it was a little
disappointing
so uh listen here's the thing is i live
in orange county right i live in orange
county and what do
orange county women do when they don't
like the size of their bumps what do
they do they buy bumps
right and i think that's kind of silly i
think you should just kind of live with
what you have right
but then i thought you know what if
you're really really unhappy you don't
need to buy
any bumps i thought like you can you can
try to make them yourself that way you
don't have to alter your body
with surgery right so i know
so i figured out just bear with me
people
so i figured out how to make homemade
bumps
so that when i wanted to blend in with
the hollywood crowd i could
and i went dancing to test it out tell
me what you all think now here we go wow
and they told me you would be uptight
oh see this even works here it works
here
it would be it's summer now but can you
imagine the winter it'd be like oh is it
cold out
[Applause]
oh so these are my homemade bumps people
these are my
isn't this great they're just like the
real ones right because you start out in
your 20s right here right right
and then your 40s right right and then
by the time you're in your 80s hello
it was silly i had so much fun goofing
off with this i did i was in las vegas
and you know there's weirdos out there
so after i know but i blended in
perfectly right
after the show i walked out on the strip
and i stood up against the wall and i
just stood there and watched people go
by i was just looking at
when i went dancing i would see a cute
guy and i'd be like hey
you know but then i turned around like
oh there's a weirdo hello hey
right back at you right there
and it was going pretty good until this
really cute guy came up to me and i got
all nervous and flustered and i screwed
up the whole thing because i was talking
to him and i'm like oh my gosh hi
hi hi i'm francis hi
and that's it for me you guys
[Applause]
you
tell you a story of something that
happened to me recently I was I was
drinking with some friends and we
decided to go around and share what the
dirtiest thing sexually was that we've
ever done and it got to our really
boring crude friend and the group and
she was like and I want to tell you guys
because I think you'll judge me no I was
going to be nothing more than one she's
like well Alex and I have been using
food in the bedroom lately like okay
like whipped cream no cupcakes now this
is what I'm saying it from God is she
just eating cupcakes in the bed with her
boyfriend we're getting times on a fever
so dirty yeah so I finally was just like
[ __ ] what is it it can't be that bad
well instead of frosting he comes on the
cupcake and then I eat it
like oh and Italy church in you you
[ __ ]
what are your brother we build like
Elmer's glue I love that most girls in
that situation like tell me when you're
gonna count so that they don't have to
swallow and my friend is like
[Laughter]
[Music]
I got this [ __ ] boy haircut I'm
surprised that people love these comedy
step every time I get on stage I was
watching an old video of my stand-up and
I was like oh I didn't know I was
[ __ ] I mean no one told me I have a
nasally voice and I mumble a lot I'm
also like a very quiet guy and because
I'm quiet people think I'm like a really
chill guy like I'm not chill it's just
more in social situations when people
are talking I'm like alright you guys
talk amongst yourselves I'm gonna kick
back and let my thoughts just eat me a
lot they're talking and I'm just like
this people [ __ ] hate me cuz they're
douche bag
[Music]
[Music]
it's cold out
chilly him like it silly
you gotta be careful who you tell your
cold oh I met I made a mistake and I
told this guy I was cold but he was like
from Missouri
you know usually this Cobra nine
negative forty dude hey you want that's
like this outside dick falls off what oh
he's cool I feel cold
sorry
when I get out of a hot shower into a
war bathroom I feel cold maybe a nice
warm shower from the past it's real
person
it's guys talk to me right and he's
wearing he's wearing camo
all right and if you are camo I'm gonna
talk about anything you have to say the
same guy he was like he's like good la
[ __ ] sucks man all you guys do is
drink smoothies and go hiking
I went out with my friends
you drink smoothies and gossip 26 years
old and I like barely work and I live
like a oil rich divorcee we dad Campbell
is in LA
there isn't even trees from the blend in
camo is basically it's like it's like
cheetah print but for middle-aged white
guy
[Music]
not aggressive I'm stressed the [ __ ] out
okay plus I'm the type of woman that
don't like to be ignored I'm not
aggressive even though it comes off that
way even while diagnosed with bipolar
mania but I ain't got that [ __ ] though I
know I don't cuz my mama said I don't
claim between got it so I'm not claiming
it uh I'd like to be ignored that's the
biggest issue that I have like for
instance me and my husband was having an
argument right well okay he was cooking
and I was joking right that was the
argument does he do all the cooking too
if you want to try to figure out our
dynamic I'm like a daddy baby daddy and
he like a single black mother is crazy
so he cooked him right and the kids come
downstairs so I'm like [ __ ]
but we tried the seminal argument cuz we
don't curse in front of a kid you don't
know well curse at the kids but we do
not do not curse in front and that's
disrespectful so so the kids are coming
downstairs we submit the argument we
sitting down at the table but I'm petty
as hell I can't walk away from this
right and I'm trying to calm myself but
I can't so I'm like could you please
pass the rice
and I kids are teenager so I like mom
you know we can see you right so then he
decides you know what I'm going to be it
he gets up as if that means I'm just
gonna shut up as if that's the end of
the conversation
you wanna baby you going to bed you
think just cause you walk away I'm gonna
shut up is that what you think you think
just cuz you turn your back I'm gonna
stop talking that is not how
conversations work boo boo I can still
talk cuz I got a mouth that you don't
control now boy
oh you just don't walk up the stairs
guess what I got feet I'm coming
upstairs too
they don't matter where you go oh you
brushing your teeth at night when you
start doing that huh please tell me
what's the [ __ ] name tell me the bet
you know what don't even wear it be
happy with that [ __ ] you know what's
the [ __ ] name
you're not gonna keep walking away oh
you just don't lay down when I'm talking
to you you just go I'm standing right
here do you like it you better not go to
sleep I'm not playing with you I'm
trying to have oh you snoring okay get
your ass up yeah I said get up you
better get the [ __ ] up get up get the
[ __ ] get your ass get bang I'm not even
mad
[Applause]
top all I want to do is have a
conversation can you get the [ __ ] up and
have this conversation if we have the
conversation
can you believe you ignoring me have I
told you about my childhood get your ass
up I'm not playing with you we need to
have this conversation
right now you're not gonna see here oh
so you're just gonna get up in the
morning like I ain't been standing here
all night you just gonna get up and walk
past me like I ain't best at how you an
that suits a word you look like a
monopoly man and that's it
where you going Reading Railroad you
guys stop walking away from me I'm not
playing with you stop walking away no
one down the goddamn stands what if you
hurt yourself and breaking leg what I'm
gonna do about health insurance you
selfish stop walking away from me I'm
not playing huh you drinking that coffee
sip sip [ __ ] [ __ ] no I'm playing bay
it's nothing in the coffee I'm serious
would you take the coffee is nothing in
the coffee would you roll down the
window rolled down the window I'm not
playing with you you better roll down
this goddamn window pull off on me
[Applause]
that you saw me
[Applause]
[Music]
here come here real quick
give me this goddamn white what I want
you to help me you thought I'm gonna go
show up at your job
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you guys I'm very excited to live in LA
it was hard it has made a really hard
winter you guys the rain or rain how do
we get through I don't know how we got
through
do you guys remember the storm of the
century yeah nothing happened
ah [ __ ] believable how the city loses
their [ __ ]
etcetera is there an argument what's
happening is there a journal entry
reading what the [ __ ] is going on in the
left side oh good it's just that we're
in public and I'm feelings
all right great sometimes people think
it's eating anyway Sam took me of God
years to crack this joke the rain the
rain the rain and the wind the wind will
shut the city down just people dodging
Paul Barnabas
rain rain oh my god the other day we're
going at 3 inches I couldn't leave the
house I got a show
ina show I live in the east side and
they had a show in Burbank because
things are really taking off and just
taking the five North and the entire
ramp was shut down because there was a
path and there was a huge construction
sign that said expect delays expect
delays and I thought that should be the
motto of Los Angeles not City of Angels
that doesn't mean anything to any of us
but I was like Los Angeles expect delays
personally professionally and in transit
[Applause]
[Music]
you
my baby child she's now 20 when she left
I took to the bed and I ate chocolate
covered blueberries that you get at
Target and and I found Netflix and I am
binge watch scandal have y'all seen
scandal that first season the the
chemistry between two main characters I
think something's really going on anyway
it sent me on fire and so I laid up in
the bed and watch that and like order
Jimmy John's from my band and my husband
said are you alright but I ended up
getting sciatica from laying in the band
I didn't get bed sores I got sciatica
and then ended up having to get physical
therapy that cost $1,000 because of my
deductible but anyway but I agreed so
much over my kids being gone alright so
when my husband gets home he says sad as
I am when he gets home we just stare out
into space and he's done he's very quiet
he's an introvert he doesn't talk he
doesn't chat so I just sit and talk to
myself
and we tend to Bingle hounds and we just
sit and kiss them in the mouth and they
are yummy and we go to bed
and I a lot of y'all look really young
in here and I'm gonna scare y'all to
death but I'm gonna tell y'all I'm gonna
tell look at these young girls right
here I'm gonna tell y'all what's your
future it's gonna be okay
all right when you get into being about
your mid-40s you're gonna go start a
thing called perimenopause it's before
you go through menopause and it makes
you crazy and you sweat in the bed at
night okay and you all your hormones get
messed up all right I go to the bedroom
and I am so hot at night that I put the
air on 68 because I don't want to die my
husband puts it back up on 70 and he
says you're freezing me to dance he's
having to wear pajamas for the first
time in our marriage okay
he said I can see my breath that's a lot
but I know he is cold because one time
he had to wear it toboggan but anyway we
get in the bed and that big beagle who
is 10 years old a bull white named Augie
who is so sweet my husband spoons him in
the band and then we've got a new little
bangle that is a pocket bagel and her
name is Gigi and she is so yummy and she
had a nervous tic when we got her and
she ate our couch but other than I love
her and she gets in the band and she
backs her little butthole up against my
hand at night right here and when we get
alright so when my husband spoons that
big one that big one all wall as eyes at
me and it looks like I don't won't help
I won't
so when my husband drifts off to sleep
that big bagel scoots over and then gets
in the crook of my legs
so through the night I break out in the
sweat because I'm in perimenopause and
it's right here in the back of my neck
dr. oz said it
okay so then I'm sweatin like I've done
Zumba all night and my husband snores it
it depends on if he's put on weight if
he stressed out at work he'll put on
weight he'll eat a bunch of white flour
and then he snores a different way but
if he's playing tennis and he's watching
what he eats this is really how he
snores he starts going it's enough to
kill you okay you just set a watch by
sometimes it's just a puff of air and
it's on my hand with a butthole right
here with a big bang all right there
so that's your nighttime routine of
perimenopause look at how beautiful they
are
say they still have their bloom good for
y'all
y'all are probably out doing yoga
okay I have given up all right thank
y'all so much for watching my special
now I need you to watch my entire
special for $0.99 and then click it and
then I need you to watch more clips and
then click it and I don't know what
you're supposed to be clicking but they
tell the young people are telling me I
don't understand but just click it
I hate fat vegetarians
I don't feel like you could trust them I
have a [ __ ] you still fed but you only
eat vegetables thought that's some
sneaky [ __ ] what are you doing why would
you stop eating bacon just to look like
a [ __ ] to eat bacon you know I
can't have you in my life that's
ridiculous
that's what I'm doing 2019 eliminate
[ __ ] out my life for instance I
like people with dirty houses that make
you take off your shoes before you walk
in I go to step fans like and you take
off your shoes I like busy it looks like
you just got robbed but what the [ __ ]
like I don't want to I want to step on
evidence then a dog comes scooting his
ass across the carpet to stay in
anything don't do it I got heartworm you
gonna [ __ ] up your feet bro I hate what
I'm about to watch a panel and the
screen goes black and then I make eye
contact with myself in the reflection
are you getting ready to do some nasty
[ __ ] like oh just staring into your soul
like it's only one second but it lasts
forever just like me like really is 2:30
in the afternoon you sure you're gonna
fit Mikey I got three minutes before my
break is over let's go chop-chop I hate
people that work hard you know what
people are gonna work first thing the
morning start being productive right
away making phone calls and emails and
[ __ ] Mike dude relax we got eight hours
of this [ __ ] if you get done they give
you more calm down what you watch on TV
you don't tell me about work first thing
I do when I get to work is I check my
lottery tickets to make sure I should be
at work that day
it could be a millionaire and I'm [ __ ]
all the time from accounting [ __ ] ID
to buy this yacht
[Music]
Oh people keep asking me about my kids
they always ask me how they're doing and
every time somebody asked me about my
kids I give them the same three words
today I can say it about my amazing kids
every time every time someone goes hey
how your kids doing I just tell them the
same thing
[ __ ] them kids okay they in the car
right now I'm a [ __ ] to you
I'll tell you what I do give a [ __ ]
about that's pretty dope January next
year legal marijuana and I love it let
me be perfectly honest oh let me be very
clear with you guys I do not smoke weed
I support the rule I think it's dope
I don't smoke weed I've never smoked a
day in my life I used my voice my family
I personally smoking is bad for you so I
eat because the first ever happened on
accident I had a dinner party with about
15 of my homegirls we all grab dinner we
all brought desserts
everybody put their desserts out but
over here on a tray by itself
what's one crown by itself on the tray
away from all the other food now that
did you strike me as I because I'm a fat
[ __ ] you like brownies so it just made
me angry cuz I'm trying to figure out
which one of my friends was the broke
[ __ ] that couldn't afford 14 other
brownies thank you
I didn't give a [ __ ] I like browning so
I've devised a plan I'm going to
bathroom wash my hands come back I'm
gonna eat the entire brownie and then
I'm gonna act like I never saw the
[ __ ] so I go to the bathroom
apparently it took me too long to wash
my hands because when I came back
somebody had taken the one brownie and
broken it up and they're like 46 little
bite-size pieces
okay my plan has been foiled I don't
give a [ __ ] I'll eat the one little
piece and I find something else okay so
I ate the one little piece but before I
could move on I realized that it was
probably the most moist delicious
delectable piece of brownie that I had
ever had in my entire life and if you're
a fat [ __ ]
I like brownies I deal with any fat
[ __ ] what do you got there might I add
another piece you buddy
and that piece was small so I hate
another piece and another piece and
another piece now when I got to my fifth
piece of brownie my friend comes up to
me and she says [ __ ] what are you doing
I said I'm eating this amazing brownie
and you're lucky because I almost
smushed the whole thing back together
and ate it but I didn't want to be a
selfish [ __ ]
so I just had a couple pieces and now
she's irritated with me and she looks at
me and goes you know you know those
brownies have weed in them and just just
arrogant as I possibly could I looked at
her and said well if those brownies have
weed in them you need to get your
goddamn money back because I don't even
smoke weed and I don't feel a
[ __ ] thing
the people that are laughing out of
people that have been happy for okay
because y'all know exactly what the [ __ ]
happened after that make some noise into
a video game you know how your heart
start racing I heard my heart say to my
ears
I don't know how my heart started
talking to my ears but it did and out of
nowhere I heard my heart say my ears and
at that very moment I realized that I
was in the basement of my best friend's
house by myself singing karaoke Oh
and I was thinking songs that a little
black girl from the south side of
Chicago shouldn't even know I'm spitting
a basement sink up to the top of my
lungs like
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
but in that very moment before he gets
it don't stop believin I heard my heart
say to my ears round two right at that
moment I guess this is the stage of
paranoia that I don't know anything
about cuz I ran up the stairs out the
front door I got in my car and drove the
[ __ ] home 30 and a 65 all the way down
[Applause]
but I swear to God because I was high I
thought I was in the Fast and the
Furious
[Applause]
when I got home I pulled into my
driveway and I sat in my car and I cried
my eyes out for about 45 minutes idea
cuz I couldn't figure out how to get the
[ __ ] out of his car total [ __ ] door
handles tricycle was gonna write that
back do you wanna play a game
just roll the window down
I was so happy to be free from this book
and kill a car I stood there and I said
listen cuz I'm talking to myself at this
point and I said to myself self and
myself stateroom
I said I'm going in the house I'm going
to sleep and I am never going to do this
before I can say it give my heart say
wow three and I think [ __ ] I'm not
listening to you anymore so I walk to my
front door right now there's a keypad on
my front door but before I could put the
code in I got to go back to the garage
to look at the address to make sure I'm
at the right house for one one coupe so
I walk to the front door right now
there's a keypad on the front door but
before I put the code in I gotta go back
to the
so I walk to the front door right and
there's a keypad on the front door I'm
gonna did that five times but the last
time I did it my address said 141 I just
climbed back into the window of my car
and drove the [ __ ] away from my house I
said all of that to say if anybody in
this room habits have any edibles
tonight please meet me at the exit
[Applause]
[Music]
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below like a boyband like one direction
[Music]
you're very pretty girls you like those
girls like go to Vegas you get all the
free [ __ ] you're like it doesn't who's
on a date tonight
anyone Oh what I heard one woman go I
used to do a lot of online dating I was
on a dating app called uber first of all
the man has a car which is half the
battle you know and he's picking you up
so chivalry is not dead
yeah it's getting there
but I don't trust men I don't cuz if
Beyonce's being cheated on then no woman
is safe all right this is four men in
the front row are clapping for some
reason I don't get it like they also
lemonade together they decide they're
like sipping lemonade [ __ ] dressed up
at all yellow just like eating lemons we
all know jay-z cheated on Beyonce right
yes yes the what same woman on the day
we're looking y'all like yes I know that
he did he cheated he's a monster
no no one got mad at jay-z when he
cheated they all got mad at the mistress
they got mad at this woman named Rachel
Roy but some of the Beyonce fans they
heard it wrong they started getting mad
at Rachel Ray the cook can you imagine
she's just in her kitchen she's cooking
up a frittata
oh the sudden she's getting all these
tweets like you're a horn like that I
add too much salt
I hate social media I hate Facebook
everyone's getting engaged on Facebook
it's the same photo every time a girl
gets engaged it's just
[Music]
[Applause]
every photo after that is a photo with
the ring it's like a crunch with the
girls
oh my god how do i rink in the pancake I
just my haircut I got bangs hashtag
blessed bless
anyone having a girls night there's one
girl by herself please I love my
girlfriends I do but you always want
like the prettiest girl in your group of
friends to just get like a little hurt
not like a lot but maybe she trips and
falls and you're like oh my god Becky
visit stuff my best friend she's six
feet tall she's blonde she's beautiful
she's like a gazelle in the forest next
to her I feel like a gerbil in the
forest I'm just like
men don't even hear me when I'm standing
next to her they just hear to put things
into perspective she's like team Taylor
Swift next to her I feel like team Danny
DeVito who here is married we were
talking about marriage anyone here
married my parents are here tonight
and they were like [ __ ] you Kayla we're
not responding
they already responded tolerance love
[ __ ] yeah we're getting nothing tonight
thanks guys
support yeah I love marriage I think
every single woman secretly we want to
be married like I picture a bunch of us
single women and we're all at a lake and
we're all just fishing and we're like
hey you catch one yet not yet how about
you six hours later it's like what the
heck we're even fishing this week and
then there's that one woman who's like
okay you forever then your husband's
gonna have to jerk off in the bathroom
and it's like
[Music]
thank you guys so much
[Applause]
[Music]
I live in LA right now you guys I am
gentrifying my neighborhood don't worry
about it
my neighbors do not like it head off
they look at me the way that I look at
other white people who they get to my
neighborhood just like can you
believe this house they another bunch of
hipsters get out you're raising the rent
gimme more up but not as cuz I be a wife
I used to live in New York and I live in
the kind of neighborhood were people
with jog with their dogs which is so
don't like me and my dog we've an
understanding we're never gonna go
jogging together to be very similar body
types kind of short stocky
barrel-chested eight nipples we're not
going out together but what I really
love is in these cool neighborhoods you
can find these dudes at this very
specific haircut where it's like on the
side and then it's shaved a little bit
like to me it looks like a Hitler Youth
haircut which is fine I feel like that's
the mullet of our time or it's like
party on the lipstick I got no cash
good luck
I did just have a very morbid
conversation recently based on a name
mix-up
a little while ago my childhood cat Kali
died and I texted my friend Jenna the
news of Callie's death but what I didn't
realize was that autocorrect changed the
name Kali into Kelly which is the name
of our best friend yeah since I didn't
realize the name of change this is the
text conversation we have true story hey
Jenna I've got some sad news Kelly's
dead what what happened she got hit by a
car
oh my god did you call an ambulance
I already buried her
you buried her we're in my backyard Wow
Kells I don't know if that was the right
thing to do well I was really upset and
I haven't even told you the worst part
yet she was pregnant
what how do you know this because her
nipples were huge at that point Jenna
called
finally okay kind of a long time to stay
in text with that information
Jenna and we figured it out but the best
part of all of that was showing the
conversation to Kelly the next day how
often you get to see your friends
reaction to your suppose at death that's
how you find out who your real friends
are
Kelly wasn't too happy she looked at
Jenna and was like wow Jenn a little
concerning to know that when you hear
I've been buried in a yard your only
reaction was just wow Kells I don't know
if that was the right thing to do
thanks for calling the cops [ __ ] Jesus
I'm really happy for Obama I'm happy
he's not dealing with this country
anymore I think it's good for him you
know we could get upset with him over
anything and it just was absurd at a
certain point I remember one of my
friends she was telling me that Obama
had a plan to forgive student loans and
what I should have said was now I'm not
sure he can do that given the certain
circumstances and I don't think it's
possible but what I said and said was
man you could just be saying it's
not happening he didn't deserve that you
know I think the first person was to say
 just be saying Harriet
Tubman hear me out so we took our
African American Studies courses right
this is not a black audience on order
did you guys see 13th all right here we
go
sectional talk about Harry tell me the
13th anyway um but yeah so Harriet
Tubman was the inventor if you will of
the Underground Railroad super-tight you
know but the Underground Railroad
sounds fun in theory fun it sounds cool
in theory but you know it's some crazy
 you got a bunch of people traveling
through this underground like wormhole
 trying to get through its branches
and and I'm pretty sure people were
just acting up acting crazy
Harriet it's a bug on me miss do
something right now shut up Harriet it's
hot sure we came from Africa you don't
know how get on come on let's go get in
the thing get in there let's do it
and what I think was there was one hatin
ass back at the plantation who thought
he came up with the Underground Railroad
first you know what I mean so he started
a rumor though that he had sex with
Harriet and then some other girl went to
the front of the railroad was like
Harriet
that Xuan cleaners was knocking boots
back at the plantation to which Harriet
had to respond with man just be
saying let's go get this freedom
what's up party people i'm comedian Ron
gee you think that videos hilarious feel
free to like share and comment on the
video below or you can see us live at
Hollywood Long Beach Reno and Vegas
don't block your blessing yeah
strain to learn to cook people always
say how easy is to cook but it is not
any easier than not cooking oh just get
a really good virgin olive oil pile of
Milk Duds pile of nuts
bubi bubi no just slice up just a couple
of magic squeezie cheeze on finger can
of wine no just preheat the app hot
power bar from glove compare doodly-doo
doodly-doo doodly-doo ooh fresh from the
oven
I'm very concerned about celebrity chef
Paula Deen because her recipes are like
a suicide note y'all we're gonna be
making some sweet dreams a little balls
of butter
shouting Crisco fatback Krakens global
suet ma cherie mei mei lai each day i
wake to a fresh nightmare
Payne is histor rate I'm gonna roll in
some granulated sugar powdered sugar
candy candy cow
Gomez snakes Mentos hook is some so it
don't look for me I've made a plan and I
will follow through with it gonna
drizzle and some hot fudge heavy cream
whipping cream sour cream ice cream cake
better peanut butter oh hey Bon Appetit
goodbye
i'm a mom give it up for moms in the
room
nice give it up for dads in the room
give it up for dad
all right it takes a village to raise
the kids it does it takes a village good
for you
good for you um anyone with young kids
anyone with young kids
oh you do you have young kids that's
great so i have a little trick my kids
are a little older so i want to give you
a little piece of advice that would work
because you know sometimes you just want
a few minutes by yourselves right
where are they right now actually with
his mom right do you really care
you have a night out right you have a
night out right and that's the thing you
can
you just want some time by yourself you
do and so this is what i would do i
would go sit myself on my stairs i would
give myself a timeout
grandparents take this advice i would
just give myself a timeout
i sit on my stairs they come find you
they always do they're never far behind
and they go mom what are you doing i'm
like i'm on a timeout like well what
does that mean
all right good that means i can't talk
to you for the next 10
minutes
what'd you do
do not engage do not engage
they scatter they do they scatter
it's fabulous people magazine take a nap
on the stairs who cares
just take your break oh my goodness but
now my kids are older so my kid
my son um just turned 23. just graduated
from the university of delaware so yeah
i know thank you the blue hen he's a
blue hand
and um now he's a waiter and he lives at
home it's so great
he's so proud it's so great two hundred
thousand dollars and he's a waiter
at home how great is that hey yay
biology
yay hey
hey made a hundred dollars today so
happy
so happy so proud so proud
it's a challenge it's a challenge right
you know and i don't even know if like
colleges teach
kids real life experiences these days i
think they're missing gap a little bit
you know so here's his student loans are
coming in right
and uh so we wanted to go to the bank to
uh
well with his student loans and they
wanted to charge him five dollars
to pay the bill online i'm like that's
ridiculous let's go down to the bank and
uh
open a checking account what
we'll go down to the bank and we'll open
a checking account
how do you go in the bank you go in the
bank
where are the doors behind the atm no
there's not yet there
are there are doors and you go in
the bank no you don't yes you do
what's back there people what do they do
they give you a checking account
we walked through the doors it was like
dorothy whoa you had no idea
no idea came home he had to write his
first bill write his first bill
90 dollars n-i-n-d-y
intelligent crowd intelligent crowds
some some crowds don't get that some
200 000 there's no d in 90.
there's no spell check for checks
that's when i'm dealing with millennials
but he figured it out we talked through
it we talked through it we waited we did
and uh so he came back and he had the
check all written out and he was like i
got it mom i got it
could i get a stamp and an envelope and
i was like yeah i'll give you a stamp
but you use the envelope it came with he
goes no i can't use that as a hole in it
200 000.
so proud
we go out to dinner these nights you
know and he's like oh yeah i'll have the
surf and turf
i'm like y'all have that steak medium
rare and i'm like what happened to
chicken nuggets and a plastic cup of
milk
like a show cannot afford them anymore
it just it just keeps
just keeps out yeah and i have a
daughter she's 21
yeah anyone else so that kind of joy
pain and agony in their life
oh my gosh it's just a weird time her
hormones are checking in mine are
completely checking out
you know just a weird time in our lives
and uh
she's up in canada for college you know
because they don't take
s.a.t scores
oh come on you all have one you all have
one that you know
it's just not quite the brightest bulb
in the box
and if you're not laughing you are that
bulb you know what i'm saying
you know canada
all right that works that works you know
you know right now
you know right now because she said
stupid stuff
all the time all the time here's an
example here's an example
we're going down to maryland for a
little summer weekend just the two of us
to meet friends
are all down there and she's sitting
next to me in the car next to me
and she goes hey mom can you see me in
your rearview mirror
thank you sir you got that right away i
did it i was like no i cannot see you or
high school graduation
what are you talking about
and there she is a few years later she's
in her teens okay we're walking towards
target
because i needed underwear they sell
them in six packs and apex at this point
that's how we rock and roll at this age
that's how we do it
that's how we do it so we're walking
towards target she finally looks up from
her phone and she goes hey mom
what does the symbol for target mean
again intelligent crowd intelligent
crowd
what is this symbol for target me
i just looked at her and go it means
community college honey
she went does it really i was like yes
i'm so saving on this
one i am
I thought this international story night
in Finland got pulled over you got a
speeding ticket for $150,000
does anyone see this because apparently
in Finland they take you to according to
your salary and this guy was the CEO of
Nokia makes you feel better about your
shitty cell phones though right
that guy's paying for it $150,000 that
just makes me want to go to Finland I
would get pulled over and I'd be like
you owe me $80 I can go faster keep it
coming I can't afford it to get of any
kind I really can't I don't make enough
money and I live in New York City it's
way too expensive to live there do you
ever knew the New Yorkers in the crowd
no one holy no one's represent me
it's so expensive to live there I can
only afford to live in the worst
neighborhood it's so shitty where I live
there was a police raid on a crack house
down the street for me a couple weeks
ago the police got the wrong address
they still got a crack house any door
you knock kind it's kind of dangerous I
was involved in three muggings since I
first moved up there I mean I made some
money when I was like hermeneutic will
I'm ahead she was gonna get dangerous
[Music]
thank you guys I am super excited to be
here had a great day thank you all for
coming out I'm in a good mood thank you
yeah it's a good day I've had a good I
did nothing today I didn't put pants on
till 6:00 p.m. when all day you're like
no pants yeah I had a good day yesterday
I had a nice I like to relax before a
big show the day before just went to
Panera for lunch
dukey's at Panera here Oh where'd it go
our delicious sandwiches you don't
you're like we don't have seen which is
here get out of Utah for your bread and
meats I'm sure you guys have some good
places I gotta put here when I'm on the
road cuz it's it's consistent I know
what I'm getting you know I go and buy
myself walking around all the time well
driving let's be honest I'm not just
strolling down streets like sandwiches
worried about sandwiches
I'm gonna get the same thing no matter
where I go right I get the same thing I
get a grilled cheese in a tomato soup
alright yeah cuz I'm a giant child it's
a classic it's amazing right I went to
Panera once and I get my grilled cheese
with my tomato soup and I sit down and I
take a bite it's sandwich and I was like
hey I think the soup wants to be in here
too I think these two are friends right
yeah so I take a bite of the sandwich
and I lean forward to take it by to soup
and the bite of sandwich falls out of my
mouth and goes into the soup and yeah
and I look up and the woman at the booth
across from me is staring me right in
the eyes
yeah so I just ate every single bite
like that yeah you want a show I'll put
on a show I got a night job I could do
this all day I was in the lion ones
going up for lunch and I was the next
one at the register and there were two
firefighters behind me so when I got to
the register I told the guy I went I
want to pay for their lunch and I said
it like really cocky like I was the hero
right like I said it and I waited for
him to throw me a parade I was like
gotta watch out the confetti is coming
yeah and then six more firefighters
walked in and I was like never mind not
a hero
when travelin I went to CVS so into the
pharmacy by my house to get some
provisions for my trip and I was in line
I was up there the guy at the register
was checking me out he was checking my
stuff out and I know where I stand
he's cheeky he's checking me out and
these two guys walk in and they go and
they walk to the beer case and they each
take two cases of beer and they walk out
they make no attempt to pay for them
nothing and none of the employees do
anything about it almost jumps in line
we're like freaking out right we're like
you guys are being robbed right and the
guy at the register leans forward to me
and he goes if you take less than $50
where the stuff are not allowed to stop
you
and I went how much is my stuff
trying to drive our comedy for even more
of the world's largest collection of
clean comedy
I'm enjoying being single dog I'm dating
it's pretty cool boom because I'm from
New York my girls is like y'all get you
like a la do get you somebody totally
different than what you used to I was
like ooh I'm gonna give me somebody
loyal you know like a blood or a [ __ ]
that's its heart and you know I'm saying
so she was like he'll go down to Venice
Beach cause it's where all the dudes be
at oh cool we go down to Venice Beach
I'm a Hooper I like ballplayers that's
what it is
so I went down to Venice Beach I'll
never forget number seven William sexy
guys understanding him and his boys it
was all wearing red and [ __ ] and he was
just talking to his man he was like damn
I seen him I was like that's the one for
me you know so I'm like to my best New
York girl Mac Moe you know and I'm a
seven what's up sexy ass
bring your ass over here hey you say
nothing
someone had him again yeah what the [ __ ]
you see me trying to talk to you bring
the lasso Lee Haena so I'm about to go
in on him and I was walking towards him
and out of nowhere his home he grabbed
my arm
he was like eh stop playing with that
boy like that that ain't funny that's
not cool I was like what the [ __ ] is up
with him
he see me trying to talk to him he a
beggar I like that [ __ ] he said hey no
gang beggar he's dead
I was like oh [ __ ] Bradley there's over
and asked him are we [ __ ] or not so
we started dating cuz I'm not you know
in the beginning it was cool you know
you know exactly what I wanted I would
text them you know like eggplant
eggplant you know but after a while we
started having communication issues and
we had this huge ass argument and in
middle mile argument he looked at me he
was like I don't wanna eat your [ __ ] no
more he took his hearing aid off and he
do that [ __ ] I'm so petty though
cuz I went out there here and there you
know like you know the one I'll tell you
something that's my
[Applause]
[Music]
I probably my last appointment probably
should have talked to my doctor about
this I think I have a medical problem
with sweating I sweat more than I think
is what people should sweat I struggle
quite a bit
I don't I this summer months are the
worst for me I don't even call it summer
I just call it the season of chafing
that's all it is
for me I'll put on a pair of shorts in
the month of August and I've got about
ten minutes before my inner thighs start
to look like the acid half of to face
she's not to spend the rest of the day
walking around like the most
self-conscious sheriff I'll tell you
this it is difficult having thighs that
want to eat each other that is tough
they're like the middle section of a
Venn diagram just like always
overlapping right the first time I heard
the term fie gap my goddamn head
exploded it's like what my skinny friend
good yeah it's just like when your
thighs don't touch okay so when you
stand like this are you saying that your
jeans have a shelf life of longer than
six months that's about how long it
takes me to rub mine into denim chaps
I recently lost a great pair of
high-waisted jeans the worst kinda loose
to what I like to call the crescent
effect that's when you rub them together
so much that they split open right here
and your thigh skin pops out like the
dough and it just open can of classical
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm dating my boyfriend for a few years
it's been going it's going been going
very well I was thinking about the
beginning of our relationship though and
how difficult it was for me because of
how much I was just holding all of my
farts in I think he says we all know
being in a new relationship is painful
physically as you found this person that
it's fun to do everything with so you
like sweet you want to spend the day
getting pizza and ice cream and
meatballs gorgeous and then you want to
watch a movie do you have a cast-iron
blanket I could sit on there I just
I do love though at the beginning of a
relationship neither of you wants to
admit that you have bodily functions
okay for the first month of mine I was
just like [ __ ] no not my thing
but the masquerade has to end eventually
right the first time I farted in front
of my boyfriend I wasn't quite
emotionally ready to take that step and
my body betrayed me we were asleep and
we were spooning being a couple cutie
pies couple little cuddle bugs and then
I farted right on his naked dick I woke
us both up
and I was like don't say anyway but it
was so quiet in the room that I could
actually hear him smile
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
but look I'm I'm old I'm single no home
I'm tired of her being applied to single
people or lonely
y'all stop that [ __ ] I'm not lonely
I got four kids three dogs and a
vibrator widow AC cord hook the PUD
generator goddamn it I knock the power
out in my neighborhood again I you know
what I'm sick I was I was actually
thinking alive women my age though here
you don't look too bad
David younger man you gotta be in shape
young man what you do everything they
hear the rap artists talk about you
remember uh she's album that record man
Ludacris on and he said I want a lady in
the street and a freakin to be like I'm
a lady in the street and I'm sleeping
the baby I gotta go to work in the
morning all right gotta get in shape for
the ass I'm scared I got too many issues
look 24 year old ran up on me after show
one night you know what baby for real
doubt you need to get with a young bug
like me baby
look I tear their stuff look look oh
that's the problem
this stuff already told okay I got a bad
back out unanswered reason dried [ __ ] I
can't even get on top I got bad knees
you try to get on top you forget you got
bad knees get up there and getting
locked up on his ass trying to do some
porn [ __ ] I got up there trying to be
like 30 I'm trying to pretend I can do
it I'm a [ __ ] rolling I forgot I got
ico arthritis and [ __ ] kicked right in I
got a lock BAM oh sorry
oh look stop um did you hear something
pop no it wasn't that coochie [ __ ] uh
this rap
it's my knees okay look you got some ice
she hiding something in the house look
going in there she mama she got some icy
hot
[Applause]
thank you guys I've been drinking Jones
thank you for supporting pretty funny
women
[Applause]
[Music]
I've been going out lately and last
night I had sex with not one not two but
zero people now when I go out guys try
and guess madness city guys are like
what's up girl are you miss panic I'm
like no good guys like what's up girl
are you Italian I'm like no but when
guys are like Wisam girl are you Persian
I'm like no they're like yeah you are so
the last time this guy was like what's
up girl are you Persian I was like yes
he was like no you're not like okay good
talk
my own birthday a few weeks ago the suit
comes up to me and he's like I tell you
story about my dick but it's too long I
was like I tell you a story about my
[ __ ] but you wouldn't get it
[Applause]
thanks guys I feel better now
[Laughter]
being edgy online gives me anxiety I
swear I'm the only person who's still
smiling on Instagram right like why is
every girl's photo like happy spring--
and I know it's not trendy right now but
I have a personality
[Music]
thanks and I've good intentions and my
friends are like why are you wasting
everyone's time with that
[Music]
are you guys doing I'm excited to be
here
pretty excited any comment not in my car
and traffic these days right so bad cuz
everyone's on their phone I mean I
haven't you but I use FaceTime that's
much safer you can have whoever you're
talking to watch your blind flaws like
something needs to invent an app that
sends drivers a text message to let them
know that the like totally amazing today
though you guys I saw the girl taking a
selfie while she was driving like not
that it's not like well the car was
moving and normally a selfies that that
is great good for natural selection
[Music]
I have some my phone with me all the
time it's like a security blanket or a
panic like I just had a landline and
sold my apartment so that I can find my
cell phone every 15 minutes series like
my best friend that's the person I
talked to most you ever wonder why they
made it Siri and not Simon right like
why is it a girl and not a guy and this
is why I think if it was Simon you'd be
like hey my man what's the weather like
outside and he'd be like
[Laughter]
hey Simon died with my mother you know
he's Lyman did you get any directions to
the last factory yeah I know how to get
there you know just keep going straight
this looks familiar
[Music]
hey Simon do I look fat these pants
the weather outside is 97 degrees it's
too hot for pins is that like a passive
way of saying I do look like these pants
diving your brother
these pants like why don't you ask Alexa
Alexa are you Simon are you talking to
someone else
[Music]
so glad you guys are here not watching
this on Netflix or watching anything I'm
not quitting right now even though I
love Netflix I love Netflix because I
live alone a Netflix is on canal
checking on me because you know to see
how they put that message on the strings
like hey are you still there and I was
like yeah next to come here is
everything all right buddy I'm like
doing everything [ __ ] all right is we
going to do what's up the next episode
30 seconds check back in you a couple
hours only I am it's a copy I wish there
were more like proactive though like
after like our number six like hey man
why don't you get up do some jumping
jacks maybe some lunges get some blood
flowing still thing going hour nine it
gets real aggressive like look on the
[ __ ] put some pants on but your feet
face the world stop being a [ __ ] Luke
Cage and strange things will be here
when you get back like on your way
better than hulu hulu does not give a
[ __ ] about you at all
they will show every TV show every
season to a dead [ __ ] body as long as
your credit card is still valid
you
[Music]
I'm happy that I'm in a relationship
finally because I was single for a very
long time which was fine by the way
like I was single into my 30s and I was
 so happy but my friends were
like no weird meet a stranger get on the
Internet get in his car go to dinner I
was like okay that's how people die but
I guess I'm hungry sure you know violets
never like that person like we all have
that friend that's single that's like a
little too desperate you know like I
have that girlfriend that's like oh my
god I'm single what's wrong with me like
one of these days I'm just gonna tell
her you crazy
but when I got to New York people were
like go on a date go yes I was
like fine so I have this guy take me on
a date thinking we'd go to dinner we'd
get drinks they'd be very swanky this
 took me ice skating do you guys
know that that is not a great team like
it's hard to find a man sexy after
you've just watched him struggle to
stand up for like 30 minutes
like I don't want to a baby dear so
[Applause]
but I mean the flipside of that argument
is what if he could ice skate could you
imagine like he hits the ice and he's
like come on it's easy something like oh
you like boys I gotta go I'll see you
I'll see you later I should be the only
one with camel toe on this date do you
understand such a weird thing we put up
with his women camel toe high-waisted
shorts ladies come on it's so
uncomfortable how do you sit down I wore
high-waisted shorts last 4th of July
freedom it was not my pants were so far
inside of me I was wet I was like I'm
being fingered by Old Navy like it was
disaster it was terrible we're weird
 man we were body suits but my leg
with my shirt smells like my butt
are you wearing a bodysuit
you have to like an unstressed agape
it's a bazaar that's real is where
bazaar
you put up with a lot girls cameltoe do
what I do dress to the left both lips
one side
[Music]
it was real romantic um when my husband
proposed to me - because he came over
and I was sleeping he looks out on the
farts too much apparently led to our
wedding which I was not a aware of but
we the couples dinner one night and one
of the wives asked my wife because
there's always that moment where like a
woman's dating somebody and they stop
looking at him as the boyfriend and like
this could be the guy that I'm gonna
marry you know and they asked my wife
like when that moment was for her and
she goes well that's easy we've been
dating for four months I took it to my
best friend's wedding in Des Moines and
without any prompting or anything he
just stood up in a bus full of people
and took credit for my fart and I was
like I'm marrying that SOB tomorrow
I didn't realize that had that much of
an impact there's such a silly story
we're like going from the ceremony of
the reception we're in this big bus with
everybody and and all I knew was that
the fart started in the back of the bus
that's all I knew because I was just
enjoying the moment of watching it kind
of roll up the bus and hit people row by
row they were so caught off guard
they're like what a beautiful set what
is that then I got to the groom and he
was so mad he was like who did this the
windows don't roll down I was laughing
so hard when I turned to enjoy the
moment with my wife and her face is in
her hands and it's beet red now went Oh
No
but I could tell she was embarrassed so
I just stood up and I was like that was
me the reception was awkward they just
kept pointing me out they're like
they're here made at a gas chamber
proposed I my husband it was real
romantic um when my husband proposed to
me too because he came over and I was
sleeping and he goes good off we're
leaving in 15 minutes like oh no he must
need me to help him lift a couch or
something you know so I could go out to
his truck huh and I look at it there's
no couch in there but get in there's a
real nice piece of cheese on the seat
not cool or nothing else just a piece of
cheese and I got very suspicious cuz we
never buy cheeses with words from other
languages in it you know yeah Sargento
[Music]
so I'm nervous already and we take off
going down the highway and he pulls over
at a rest stop uh-huh you know this is
going yeah cuz ever since I've been a
little girl
I've been like please God please let
somebody ask me to marry him how to rest
stop please let it be just a little bit
after Labor Day so that all the
porta-potties are overflowing cuz smell
is the strongest memory sense
you'll never forget that oh you won't
ever you'll remember the day and so so
that's what happened and and then we had
a our wedding cost about $70 including
cleanup fees because we saved all our
money for what we thought would be a
good idea so let me let me pass this on
to you it's not a good idea we went on a
three-week honeymoon yeah three weeks
together like that 21 days together like
I love you but not all in a row my uh my
wife we've been married for a couple of
years it's very nice I like being
married I wouldn't want to be single it
looks awful out there I don't know how
you doing everyone just has to smile a
lot I like being married cuz I get to be
honest we know each other you know we
know each other but when you're single
you always have to be on your best
behavior because you don't know who's
coming around the corner it could be
your soul mate she's coming around the
corner you can't be all down in the
dumps you gotta be like hi I don't like
that I just like to be myself that's how
I enjoy being married I cried at my
wedding I don't know I don't know if
that's a shocker for the cat man
it wasn't my fault that I cried I'm not
gonna blame me I'm gonna blame my wife
because that's the easy thing to do I'm
gonna say it was her fault cuz the day
before we're doing the walkthroughs you
know the rehearsals and stuff and while
we're standing over the altar and she
turns me as she goes hey take this
seriously tomorrow
can I go yeah okay yeah she's like no
really I don't want you hamming it up
thinking you're at one of your comedy
shows this is serious there's 15 grand
on the line don't mess this up who are
you but I don't want to mess it up for
my wife so the next day I'm standing
there I'm very serious okay
there we go there we go and then like at
that moment I realized that everyone
that was important in my life was
sitting there all dressed up for this
big day they came and then my wife
starts walking down the aisle and she's
gorgeous and her father's walking her
down the aisle and he looks the way he
does there's a guy off to the side
playing acoustic guitar as they're
coming down and he's not playing like
Metallica riffs or something hard he's
playing like butterfly kissy coffee-shop
music and all of that tornado didn't do
a thing and at that moment I realized
I've been using comedy to hide my
emotions my entire life what an awful
time to find that out and I just started
crying
not a little bit not like a respectable
one tear oh he has a heart like ugly
like a
like everything came out everything I
never cried about before came out
there's a parakeet that died in middle
school that I never fully Moore and I
was like spark or no like everything
came out thankfully one of my groomsmen
called me a wuss during the ceremony
just very quickly what what and I'm like
uh he like zapped me out and I was like
thank you that is why you guys are here
need to be a man right now I married my
wife stop crying like we're at ice cream
or something
[Music]
you
like I was in Vegas and what are y'all
bake it like people that plan a vacation
to Vegas probably should even be allowed
to vote women who write love letters to
prisoners probably shouldn't be allowed
to vote like there are certain things
that you just need no I'm at the Vegas
and it's such a dumpster and I flew
there and like everyone on my flight was
so excited you can hear that high 5 so
you know that feeling I guess and
everyone's [ __ ] going nuts on the
plane land go out you see the people
waiting to leave at the gate different
ballgame not quite as excited as people
on the flight there's a girl just like
you're someone's mother you're a mother
you another guys like your balls kind of
touch to the 3 and then their whole
tagline Sin City what happens in phase
that's not true
Roy's tiger ate his face off we heard
about that [ __ ] that day it happened I
lived in Houston Texas and led the news
in Houston that particular day Lamar
Odom
that didn't stick
Oh at me I was going to my beloved news
source TMZ the holy bro and I was
reading this whole thing about Lamar
Odom and it was about his first public
appearance post nearly dying and it was
a Kanye West [ __ ] show whatever at
Madison Square Garden is fashion show
and there's even a little video you see
the whole Kardashian clan a walk in a
stupid clothes and and Kanye comes on
the back to escort Lamar Odom to his
seat sold-out crowd Madison Square
Garden the whole place rip-roaring
applause I mean the guy Gurley died [ __ ]
yeah that's crazy next appearance Laker
game courtside there is on the jumbotron
tears everyone's losing it I'm just an
[ __ ]
you deed in a whorehouse okay
he didn't like dive in front of a bullet
and save a mom and her infant child he
didn't come back his fourth tour duty in
Afghanistan you don't need the [ __ ]
whorehouse wait I'm glad he didn't die
but like I don't think he needs like a
postage stamp commemorating his like
efforts rolling hey
and I loved it the girl that found them
writer cherry not sure that's her
Christian name don't call me old rider
found him passed out and I was telling
this friend of mine at lunch I'm like
how [ __ ] up is that like thank God he
was married to Kardashian like who the
hell else would get that phone call and
going oh my god let me run to his
bedside am i Freddy's guy he goes aw
you're saying that because you're a
chick I'm like no no no listen if your
girlfriend told you she was going to
Vegas
oh you're my girlfriend you're gonna spy
played slot machines and then you get a
call eight days later like hey you with
Shelly yeah okay you know those Thunder
from Down Under guys alright so when
they get off work they work at a place
called the train depot not what you
think three days they run through this
bad boy she's been getting railed on for
like eight [ __ ] days and uh yeah
she's knocked out you'd be like good
[ __ ] put a pullover face I don't know
I'm divorced maybe that's what love is
I just don't get it
I gotta be honest I'm kind of winded
from pretending to put on skinny jeans
so that's how things are going for me
lately
last week I got tired blow-drying my
hair I had to take a break the other day
I needed to do some work on my laptop so
I bent over to plug it in and I was like
I'll just use my phone
recently tried to pull myself out of a
swimming pool I think I'm just gonna go
ahead and order that Life Alert now yeah
had to do the whole one leg over then
roll out
they have paramedics on standby it was
not pretty you guys I've done literally
every workout you can possibly imagine
I've done it that's right
I recently try to work out they're like
listen if you do this for two weeks
you're gonna look like Kelly Ripa all
right so I did it for two weeks
and I still look like a eight Kelly Ripa
has anybody here done Zumba whoa we got
some Zumba ladies in the house every
Zumba class I've ever been to is like a
sea of women and one guy who's better
than everyone
and that's the guy I would always fall
madly in love with before I met my
husband I'd be like oh my gosh mom he's
so cute we take the same dance class and
we're so obsessed with Beyonce and we
love all the same actors I just don't
know why he doesn't notice me
for those of you who don't know what
Zumba is Zumba is like a Latin dance
class for people who can't dance so it's
pretty fun it's a great way to figure
out which parts of your body want to
keep dancing when you stop
it goes on and on ladies and gentlemen
no my very very first time taking Zumba
was at my local YMCA and I was no joke
maybe the youngest person in the class
by like four decades yeah it was like a
sea of Ruth Bader Ginsburg shimmying to
a pitbull song it was the most shameful
thing I've ever done but I looked
amazing
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of Queen comedy
well hi guys my name is Kristen I love
cats like crochet and I drink hot tea
who's ready to party hey I got some hot
tea drinkers that's always good to hear
yeah pinkies up people I do I crochet
and a lot of people are surprised by
that I get made fun of at home in LA my
friends are like you crochet that's such
an old lady thing to do I guess it is
crochet it sounds old lady like you know
so I want to rebrand it something cooler
so I looked up the word origin in
crochet is a French word that means to
hook
[Music]
tsommo hooker I like crochet because I
can do it anywhere I take my just a ball
of yarn and some scissors
you know I'm my crochet hook you know
but when I googled hooker supplies that
is not what came I was like what am I
gonna do with that I'm not gonna be very
comfortable crocheting in those size
high leather boots yeah my stilettos
will get caught in my granny squares I
do i do crochet when I run out of yarn
when I want to get my hooker supplies I
got to go to Joanne's you ever been to a
Joey as you know it Joey ins has a smell
[Music]
you guys have been doing chillin
I found my people yeah it smells like
Christmas in a hoarders garage
[Applause]
like that's what that smell is that's
exactly what it sounds like smells like
someone's using the employee break room
microwave to cook essential oils that's
what that smell is every woman in there
has a 40% off coupon and some of those
essential oils in her purse and if you
get in between her and the fabric
cutting table she will blacken your eye
but don't worry if you put some lavender
oil on that will go right away
so I do like to crochet but I don't like
that when you're crocheting in public
people think you're friendly I don't get
that like I like to take my crocheting
with me wherever I go and I was
crocheting on a plane the other day and
and just like a normal human being just
crocheting away and the lady sitting
next to me on the plane she's watching
me crochet like a weirdo she thinks
that's a good reason to have a
conversation she looks over she goes
whoo-hoo me and you we have a lot to
talk about
I said I doubt it
[Music]
but why do you think so she goes you
crochet I knit and she pulled out her
knitting and started me I've never been
so embarrassed in my life
boy was she wrong I didn't talk to her
the whole flight huh which was kind of a
problem because when we got up she left
her phone sitting on the seat and I
didn't know what to say so I just
started shouting hey knitter which is
not something you want to shout
[Music]
in a crowded enclosed space because I
think some people misunderstood me so if
you see someone knitting at a distance
and you need to get their attention
use the politically correct phrase say
hey Afghan American
[Applause]
[Music]
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app download it right now to
watch save and share clips and watch my
whole special
oh my gosh I don't feel well please
forgive me and my good Conner's writers
insurance has not kicked in quite yet
okay I'm gonna be honest I didn't print
the paperwork out and fill all that [ __ ]
out look like they raise these anyway
and now I'm like calling it and when I
say I have met a cow when I said I don't
give a [ __ ]
I've been sick since last week Wednesday
I called on oh don't [ __ ] it today I
called this morning the lady answered
the phone and said yeah the doctors out
of the office all winter
what is your summer 20/20 looking like
no [ __ ] what is your summer 20/20
looking like and my dumb ass I'm looking
in the calendar like well it doesn't
look like summer 20/20 you said I
started to say what it's looking like
I'm gonna have to keep this baby because
y'all wanna be irresponsible as adults
this is not God's will y'all are demonic
that's not it that's not the steps he
ordered for my life this is not kind of
mickey mouse operation is this so I had
to visit Planned Parenthood please yo yo
Kleenex before you just [ __ ] show up
because there's okay so Planned
Parenthood right the one in Santa Monica
all the Asians go that's the good one
that's the goal like listen look look at
your Yelp reviews don't [ __ ] like
don't be afraid to Yelp so I thought
they were all like that nothing no so
there is a Planned Parenthood on Vermont
and if any clinic ever needed to be
bound is this one not because not
because of what
I do but [ __ ] they talk to you so this
is how the lady at the Planned
Parenthood decided waiting at the
Planned Parenthood was reading my chart
back to me through bulletproof glass
read the review I'm not [ __ ] lying
this all she read my chart back to me
through bulletproof glass with several
different parties
can we talk about this in the back it's
just I don't think everybody in the
waiting room needs to know my business
but yes yes I am work yes on the charts
and what accurate results Oh what I got
going on that wasn't even the worst part
we get in the exam room this is how the
lady is talking to me in the exam room
okay so let me tell you what the smell
is I said you want to close the door
first gear it's wide open and so am I
and I don't think everybody in the
hallway needs to know what the smell is
but but seriously what is the smell
because I thought my brakes went out I
set the car three different pet boys
before I realize I don't think this has
anything to do with the car
[Music]
I have this voice this is my voice
that's what I've got to offer it is real
it is the real real voice somebody
actually asked me is that is that your
real voice I was like no I I got a voice
lift very expensive procedure but worth
it to annoy people for the rest of my
life so thank you for noticing I
appreciate it I started as an actress
they had I had an acting teacher who
told me if you don't fix your voice
you're never gonna have a career and so
far he's right he's been acting acting
did not take off I let's see but you
know what it's actually okay cuz my
dreams are getting a lot more attainable
as I get older that that's a natural
digression that happens which I I think
we should all make our dreams much
smaller to fit to fit reality you know I
had big dreams like when I was younger I
used to be like when I make it I'm gonna
have a beautiful house in Malibu I
pictured all glass windows you know I
had this real clear vision where I would
wake up every morning I go out I look at
this beautiful ocean view and now I'm
like when I make it I'm gonna get a
headboard my bed is a real firm wooden
headboard you know no I can't [ __ ] just
the real thing
I'll wake up in the morning I'll be like
I'm gonna groan up now I got a headboard
and then I'll go back to bed cuz I have
nowhere to be
[Applause]
[Music]
people say you make jokes about your
children but I bet you can't imagine
your life without her try me
some days that's all I got I want to but
overall I mean they're they're my I
can't tell you there's anything better
ever than having kids it just you know
now I will share with you also maybe
since we had to go through so much to
get there to but people want to know
when you have a child with a disability
what that's is like and I would say you
gotta be like three steps ahead you got
to be like a chess champion and
sometimes with Maddie I am and sometimes
I'm not
I remember Maddie was like seven and the
twins were like three that was the age
difference and I decide one day I'm like
you know what we should get the kids a
dog so I got the kids a dog I named the
dog Angus which I thought was a great
name for a black lab and no problem at
the time Maddie wasn't speaking very
many words and then by the next year she
is doing great she's added more and more
letters except one problem was the
letter she couldn't pronounce was the G
an Angus without the G is not as good
so then we're like oh my gosh what are
we gonna do but you can't change the
dog's name he's had the dog name for a
year so we're like trying to ride it out
who know this story gets progressively
worse then one day we get a call from
our teacher said a day mr. long we were
discussing things we love to play with
that was the day he met job services I
don't have to make up anything this is
my life
true story
here's another true story so Maddie's
ten at this point and Maddie beautiful
blonde hair blue eyed girls she looked
like she was like 14 at 10:00 but
developmentally she's more like she was
five that's just you know who she is but
she's making progress she loves going
shopping so I was bringing her with me
and one day I go into one of these
stores that I'm probably too old to shop
in and I bring her in the dress room
because I never know know what she's
gonna do it I'm trying on a t-shirt that
said extra-large but fits like a smedium
and I'm like honey I don't know if this
shirt fits daddy's gonna go out around
the corner to the mirror and I'll be
back in like ten seconds I'm not gone
ten seconds all sudden out of my
peripheral vision I see a streaker come
flying by
it's just Maddie wearing her underpants
in her bra racing through the store now
I don't know if you're aware but in the
current climate that we live in it's
really frowned upon for a middle-aged
guy to try to chase down a half naked
eye to make a split-second decision my
decision was just having a good time let
her worse this one was magical if you're
younger you might not know this but
truthfully there's maybe five maybe if
you've lived an amazing life ten moments
in your life that you will always
remember vividly this was one of them
because what happened was is all these
shoppers that were tired or stressed out
or didn't like the throbbing techno
music going on in this store started
laughing but they weren't laughing at my
girl they were laughing with her they
could feel her pure joy yeah she is not
someone who watches 24-hour news she is
not cynical she's not on social media
she just pumps out joy one person didn't
get it one person mr. abercrombie and
fitch working behind the counter he's
like oh sir could you do some about her
like what's your name there Topher okay
first off congratulations on pecker the
homecoming king looks like life has
turned out good for you oh but my
daughter's like not quite so easy so for
the next minute or so Topher I want you
to chill out because six-pack ABS do not
beat angry dad with an attitude I hear
another word there's gonna be a
beat-down in this store now I don't say
that physical violence is a good idea
but in that moment I finally stepped out
of my selfish self and I became a great
dad
I will share with you that in my life I
have never met anybody I will even take
it way more than that I if you name
every person that's been an influential
person in my life they could not match
all the things I've learned from my
daughter Maddie and if you think I'm
over exaggerating I'm not because I've
learned nothing from my twins nothing
maybe don't have twins that's about it
so I used to be this comedian like you
would expect a lot of times people are
afraid when they go see a comedy show
now they go that's gonna be r-rated and
all that stuff I was one of those
comedians I was very successful a lot of
my fans didn't want to follow me when I
took this journey where I started
talking about my daughter
and my home life and all these things
but I've never been a better comedian
because of my daughter's influence in my
life and I will also share with you that
now I do all these fundraisers and I
raise a lot of money for special-needs
charities I could never get that from a
typical show so I would just share with
you tonight that I don't want to make
this like a TED talk or something like
that but it's one of the things you just
never know where your life is going to
take you and besides that I don't want
to be a bummer but I want to say thank
you very much my name is Scott long and
have a great night
[Music]
[Applause]
you
i have three children i have two sons
and one daughter
and um they say as teenagers that girls
are a little harder to parent than boys
and
i think i see someone clapping yes some
people are in agreement and i think i
think it's true because i think girls
are just adult women in training right
they have
all the raw ingredients of adult women
disdain
spite revenge
great intelligence a few irrational
thoughts
you but they haven't yet learned how to
use their evil powers for good yet
so as teenagers you're just like those
windsock people in front of the
furniture store
they go up they go down you don't know
when or why just
they look almost human but they're not
[Music]
now the boys i will tell you are a
little more too fun to hang out with at
teenage as teenagers
but they smell
there's just a funk and i don't know why
because they shower a lot
for extended periods of time
[Music]
they should be clean as all i'm saying i
don't know if you know this about
teenagers brains i didn't know this
until i had three of them their frontal
lobes of their brains have not
finished forming together okay so their
brains are
actually in their skull just floating
around in there
just flopping around so what you get
particularly with the boy teenagers is
you get a good choice
a good choice a good choice and then a
doofus
and then a good choice and then a doofus
and if you get two doofus choices
in a row your insurance premiums go up
[Applause]
my uh my oldest actually my youngest
dude because i'll start with him my
youngest doofus
is a doomsday prepper
apparently i've let him watch too many
episodes of the walking dead because
he's
filling our basement with survival
supplies
at first i made fun of him and i thought
oh what if the zombies really come
our family's survival depends on the
choices of this 17 year old boy
so we're just going to be in a basement
in cumberland maine surviving off of
flaming hot cheetos
blue mountain dew
and reading a lot of victoria's secret
catalogs
[Applause]
my oldest doofus is a junior in college
and
when i dropped him off at his freshman
year i took him to get his dorm room
supplies before i dropped him off and we
went to bed bath and beyond
he had never been to bed bath and beyond
apparently he thought the sheets and
towels just came with our house
so we went in there and we had this list
of dorm room things you needed the first
thing you needed was
extra long twin sheets i'm like okay
they got gray white or pink he said i
want white i said you're getting gray
we're just going to start off with the
color they're going to end up at at the
end of the school year
[Applause]
put them in the buggy and then he says
to me wait what's the thread count
on those and i said do you even know
what thread count means
you said yeah no
[Music]
but the highest is the best right i'm
like okay these are dorm room sheets
they're not the best
they're the worst if the thread count is
12 you're lucky but it doesn't matter
because these sheets aren't coming back
to my house
i don't want to see these sheets ever
again i don't want to know what happens
on these sheets for the next nine months
and i don't want to see them again it
doesn't matter what the thread count is
at the bottom of the garbage dumpster
put him in there
[Applause]
so the next thing we needed was a pillow
i said go get yourself a pillow so he
goes in he goes through all these
pillows at bed bath and beyond he picks
one out he goes
i want this one it's made of organic
bamboo fronds and baby gosling feathers
it's only two hundred dollars i selected
a different pillow
[Music]
so you see this one it's made from
polyester
it's only six dollars and when you puke
red hunch punch up all over it
it will be a lot less sad at the bottom
of the garbage dumpster
now my daughter is a freshman in college
this year
which means it's very different to go
shopping for dorm room stuff for girls
than
boys now my son left he had the one
pillow the set of disposable
sheets and a towel that he like grabbed
out of the dirty clothes on the way out
the door
my daughter furnished a luxury penthouse
condominium
we had coordinated bedding and original
artwork and mood lighting
and everything had to be just right so
we went to three different stores to get
the marker board that goes outside
their dorm room so she and a roommate
could write notes to each other i said
honey you're in a co-ed dorm
it doesn't matter how cute this marker
board is some boy is going to draw
lewd pictures on it doesn't matter and
then she wanted the husband pillow she
had to have
the husband pillow i said honey we all
think
we want the husband pillow and then we
get the husband pillow we realize it
takes up way too much space in the bed
and it just sits there in front of the
[Applause]
television
hey did you know that dry bar comedy has
their own app
you can download it right now to watch
my whole special
i'm originally from the state of florida
but you already knew that because you
can hear the white trash in my voice
[Laughter]
[Music]
i mean i spent 29 years in florida
before i moved to l.a i was
it was the summers that's what killed me
every year if you've never been to
florida in the summer it's like spending
three months inside someone's mouth
just hot and sticky
and draw oh my oh my goodness driving
i drove from east to west i drove from
florida to california club have you ever
done that
you hear all the sad that clatter sounds
because it's the worst drive ever you
know why because texas exists
that state is a thousand miles of suck
it's terrible
[Laughter]
and i'd like to remind you about how far
you are from nothing
i left houston the next sign i saw was
el paso 5
46.
are you
kidding
me why even put that
just put what you honestly mean el paso
tomorrow
[Laughter]
[Music]
new mexico maybe
if you take texas off the map it is 45
minutes from florida to california
flat
and then i moved to la and people were
passive aggressively rude to me when
they found out iris from florida they
would form it in the pros of a question
to kind of get underneath my skin like
oh you're from florida
what's that like
it's a peninsula
you want some i didn't grow up in a
trash fire i grew up in the
sunshine but i have like 10 people asked
that same question i had to do some
self-state reflection
and then i realized something about
florida florida is the dive bar of the
united states
it's that bar when you ride by you
leaning your butt and go that's where i
get all my drugs
the exact moment you say that a dude
stumbles out of that bar with a gunshot
wound an alligator grabs him drags him
to a walmart where judo bath sauce kills
the alligator
that's where i'm from
i want to answer your next question yes
i have a gun but it's on my ankle so
we're all safe
[Laughter]
because you got to make me really mad to
want to start leaning towards that thing
just
[Music]
no i'm actually from florida now i'm a
florida boy i was born in michigan but i
i live in florida now and so it's a far
ride thank you another one excellent
scattered about it's a far ride from
florida i ubered here to get here to
utah so
1700 ubers so that was
a wonderful thing florida what we have
in florida we have the hurricanes in
florida you guys don't have to deal with
that i moved down to florida and it was
like four or five hurricanes hit us in a
row i didn't know what to do so everyone
gives you advice in florida they say get
to home depot go to home depot casey go
to home depot
get your supplies so i ran to home depot
i didn't know what to do after that
so i'm like i'm just gonna follow this
old guy around i'm gonna get whatever he
gets so i got what he got i got wood i
got nails i got water and a six foot
pink flamingo
i don't know how they do it down here
and the weathermen love hurricanes they
love it because they're the stars now
everyone's watching the weather channel
and they ruin it for us because these
weathermen don't really know anything
anyways they're like we got the doppler
13 1400 000 we know exactly where this
hurricane's going
so if you're in the west palm beach area
get ready in our cone but also get ready
provo utah area somewhere in this cone
we know nothing we know nothing at all
we're guessing thank you thank you
[Applause]
i don't like any hurricanes at all i
don't even like the miami hurricanes the
college
no well i went to florida state
university and i'm a seminal and if you
go to florida the college scene is a big
rivalry and the hurricanes are the worst
because they talk trash 24 7. even the
offseason they're talking trash i'm
wearing my fsu shirt the other day a guy
comes up to me he's like your seminals
it's all about the you baby we're going
to kick your butt and we're going to do
it again and again and again
[Applause]
i go hey that's great i went to school
for an education not football
and can you finish pumping my gas i got
to get out of here
i got a sweet 50 gig at the comedy
corner in fort pierce
so provo by way of florida i was just in
florida i was in saint augustine florida
which by the way i don't know if you
know this or not saint augustine florida
is the oldest city
in the united states you can go there
and see all the buildings that they
built way back in the 1500s and then you
can go to tampa and you can actually
meet the people that built them
then you can drive down to naples and
meet their parents
there's a lot of old people in florida
i was at a walmart the greeter said can
i get you a basket
[Laughter]
i don't know can you
clear
can i get you a casket
no it's a super center you know they
sell them
and listen i'm not talking old like 80
or 90. my mother and father are that age
i'm talking people in their late 100s
early 200s
i mean they would come to my shows like
this and stare at me like the amish at
best buy
i've never actually seen dead people sit
up
the very first time i was ever down in
florida i was in miami beautiful city by
the way miami florida and i'm playing
golf with a friend of mine who grew up
in the state of florida on the golf
course with us and apparently this is
very popular is an alligator and i'm
freaking out and my friend he doesn't
even flinch he just looks at me he goes
you know russ hey buddy hey bro hey man
now those alligators they can run 35
miles an hour
not if he's chasing me he'll be slipping
in some poop
i'll see you at the windmill
i'm gonna tell you guys a story about my
grandma uh this is very true i went back
home and i visited my grandma my
grandmother helped raise me she's my
favorite people in the world i went back
home i guess in the two years since i
had gone back home
she had come down with a pretty bad case
of dementia and when i mentioned it to
my dad who had been dealing with for two
years he's like yeah
i don't know what happened it's like we
took her to florida and she came back
with alzheimer's
well okay well i don't think that's how
it works
um
but here's my point uh if you have a
grandma
maybe keep her out of florida for a few
years
just to be on the safe side right who's
to say
so we all followed the election and it
comes down to the swing states they make
it too complicated basically if you win
ohio and florida you will be the
president right so i'm telling you right
now a future president is lebron james
everybody that guy's gonna be friends
[Applause]
he's got ohio wrapped up right and he
won two titles in florida but maybe if
he needs help with the older voters his
running mate jimmy buffett done deal
right there fun deal
a bumper sticker the king james buffet
right there
okay my wife gave me very good advice to
keep friends she said if a friend tells
you bad news in their life you just say
i'm sorry to hear that
and nothing else
[Music]
she also said buy them a card or a gift
because actions speak louder than words
and that is very good advice a week
later my friend told me that he had been
diagnosed with lyme disease so i said
i'm sorry to hear that
nothing else
got him to get well card too and i put a
coupon in for limeade
because
you know why you know why i did that
my other friend
he went to florida and got his hand bit
off by an alligator because they jump
out of trees now and
it's real google it bedroom and uh
it jumped out of a tree and it bit his
hand off and he hated the gatorade
so
so i have to tell you this i uh
i decided to kind of get honest with the
my uh audience and just kind of open up
to them and tell them all about me even
though i wear this cowboy hat i was born
in florida i know you're thinking wow
sure a lot of cowboys come from florida
right
no
especially from south florida that's
where i was born
and uh
i tell you i hate it down there
math in south florida was different than
math anywhere else in the whole united
states our questions in elementary
school were like um
jose has a speedboat going 74 miles an
hour
carrying 14 kilos of illicit substance
the coast guard has an airplane going
183 miles an hour
how long do the kilos sink to the bottom
of the ocean
they made us take spanish in first grade
first grade first day of school they
give you this big workbook you learn
stuff like como estas how are you
one my name is john then you go to some
of the places where people only speak
spanish
like cozumel or honduras or california
and you um
[Laughter]
i thought that's how you're going to
react to that
you go como estas me i'm juan that guy
goes
you guys look great i just want to tell
you i can see you this is kind of a rare
treat a lot of times it's just a sea of
blackness out there we can't see faces
but the way you're lit i like seeing
your faces you all look very young and
healthy
of course last week i was in florida so
i thought that was a myth
i thought that was a gross over
generalization the old people going to
florida i'm not kidding you i got on the
plane in denver to fly to miami and i
realized
i'm the only one who did not pre-board
anyone needs the extra time getting to
their seat they come to our gate now
and the walkers were sparking
there was a locker fight at one point i
don't know if you've seen that get back
if you see a walker fight those little
tennis balls on the end go flying
scary
i got on the plane it was beautiful it
was like a sea of cotton balls ahead of
me
caps
i thought the whole plane was going to
go towards the light
next stop heaven
so now i live in florida um i took my
kids to the beach on saturday
yeah that's awesome
you gotta be careful like i took the
beach it was a beach clothing was
optional i was like oh we're out of here
and we left right away but i noticed the
one good thing about a beach like that
is on that kind of beach i'm a good
looking man
there's a lot of ugly people dude
put your shirt on buddy
the horses are trying to eat
it's got to stay healthy right that's it
you got to travel right i'm saying
that's healthy right traveling
i've been traveling a lot started doing
cruises
because that's where my career is headed
i like it though man i like it getting
me out of those cold new jersey winners
that's important right
like they always send me down to uh
florida plantation fort have i ever
heard of plantation florida
yeah
i hadn't
and let me tell you something i was
nervous
the whole time
i was in plantation florida
i was like y'all gonna let me leave here
i don't want no problems with my
departure
it felt weird getting the cab somehow
take me to plantation
hurry up i'm late
i went from plantation to the boat
talk about how things have changed
[Music]
what obama was talking about
[Music]
i don't know man facebook it's gotten
it's gotten weird like
really weird
in the last 10 years it's gotten like
really weird
i don't know it's gotten me thinking
like
here's what i think about i think it's
turned into florida
i think facebook is a lot like florida
because it started out as a place for
college kids to go and have fun
and then the old people came in and took
over
i didn't even know you could misspell
lol until they got on there like
i embrace cultural diversity one of my
favorite cities on the planet is miami
florida and i was heartbroken when i
recommended miami to a manly man friend
of mine back in ohio and he said i hated
miami dude nobody spoke english to me
down there if all those cupids and
puerto ricans don't want to learn
english they should just go back to
mexico where they came from
i said you should go back to school or
you dropped out of
folks i've been playing and enjoying
miami for over two decades now and i
found a way to get latino miamians to
speak to me
in rapid fire perfectly accented english
and that's by speaking to them
in horribly accented painfully slow
spanish
excuse me sir could you please tell me
where i find the nearest cvs drugstore
around here oh lo siento si no no hablo
ingles no
two stop lights you take a left at the
post office
[Music]
so i do i love being a desk my favorite
job
that's the question i get is your kids
funny and all all my kids are funny but
xander
my middle one is the funniest kid uh
uh i was actually backstage trying to
think of some examples oh um this summer
he uh i took him to uh i should have
planned this out uh not
philadelphia the other one
uh florida um
i knew it was a state that started with
an f
[Music]
don't laugh at me i am not good at
geometry um
now it was florida i was doing a
pastor's conference it was like 300
pastors and xander was backstage and he
was looking out and he's like is that a
room full of pastors and i was like yeah
and he goes how long's your show and i
go i'm doing an hour and he goes good
go twice as long so they'll see how it
feels
and you got to watch what you say too as
you get older you lose your filter i was
doing a show in florida and the
audiences they're a little bit older
they don't use uber they call an
ambulance just in case
[Music]
after the show this woman comes up to me
she goes out was so funny i couldn't
believe it when you said you were 65 i
said to my friend he doesn't look 65 but
now that i see you up close you kind of
do
but it's not just my group the baby
boomers who are getting up there
generation x is 52 years old now ladies
and gentlemen remember them the punk
rockers they're getting up there just
the other day i saw it a guy wearing a
mohawk toupee i couldn't believe it
tight black jeans size 46 waistline
combat boots with velcro straps
my dad he's doing crazy things i'm even
more concerned about my mom and i warned
you about her
since my mom has retired
my mom has now
joined a gang
no my mom's joined a gang she now has a
silk jacket it's got letters on the prop
all across the back of it she's got a
great big gold and silver emblem on the
back of her car that says something like
aarp yo
yeah and i don't know what the motto of
the aarp is but i'm sure it's something
like we're old we're bold we will not
stand our coffee cold
yeah we're rich
and now we go to florida during the
winter to spend our kids inheritance
yeah
that's a lot more funny to those people
right now than it really is to me
but my parents in the last couple years
they kind of became full-time snowbirds
you guys know what the definition of a
snowbird is don't you it's someone that
moves from a
cold climate to a warm climate doing the
excuse me during the winter time only to
call back up here everyday and ask me
what the weather's like
[Music]
is it true sir
i get that call it's about 6 40 every
morning it's always ring ring ring ring
and it says sarasota florida and i got
to pick the phone up because this might
be the day i get to cash that
inheritance in
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah and i always say something stupid i
say cash call from florida
and it's always my mom no no no idiot
still not funny
don't quit your day job go to work
it's just your mom i'm calling to see
what the weather's like in michigan
today
i said what's the weather like in
michigan mom you guys still have that
big screen tv down there in your condo
yeah and you still watch the weather
channel from like four in the morning
till midnight every night
yes so about every 15 minutes you're
gonna get to know what the weather's
like here in michigan
you see that big swath of pink and white
and blue covering the whole mitten state
that should just say crap
yeah that's what the weather's gonna be
like for the next three or four months
that is why you laughed
but i'm stupid i always say this i say
you don't want to know the answer chris
you don't want to know the answer but
i'm just being nice and i say so what's
the weather like in florida and she goes
oh oh it got cold down here last night
it got down into the 40s your dad turned
the heat on i wore my long night gown
and i wore socks to bed
yeah i said
thank you mom for telling me where your
long night gown to bed because that time
you or your short night down to
breakfast
i still need therapy for that
cool you don't have to applaud for that
someone's got to do some ironing that's
all i got to say
[Music]
oh man this is awesome it's fun so if
you're going to be weird you got to step
it up also how dare austin and portland
keep it weird when how dare they act
like they're weird when they know
florida exists
yeah and it's just out there doing what
florida does
last time i was in florida this is real
by the way this is google information
after the show i'm in florida i'm
walking past a newspaper stand i look
into the stand the headline on the
newspaper reads local man robs wendy's
with alligator
what did you just say to me
i read it i still said that out loud it
was incredible
oh and also yeah that's all you want to
say you don't want to add any more to
that like i don't know maybe tell us if
the alligator was an accomplice or a
weapon how about that
for real
did this guy rob a wendy's with an
alligator or did this guy rob a wendy's
with an alligator
there's a huge difference
like did he start did you start a gang
with an alligator throw a bandanna on it
he's like we're the alligator boys now
let's get to a wendy's and make this
official
no
so
this is how i bought the paper and i
read the article and this is real he
used the alligator as a weapon okay
and when i read that i was like did he
at least hold it like a gun
right
he didn't
he threw it
through a drive-through window
yep
didn't see that one coming did
ya
you know who else did it the lady
the drive-thru
so many things have to happen before you
can even throw an alligator
have to
find it in the wild
also by the way how horrible is florida
that there is just alligators available
to you
what was even his qualifying material
was he looking for a specific type or
just the first one he saw he was like
this is the one and he took it that was
it
so this is real
this
happened
in florida a place connected to the
united states
where we are all living currently
a grown man with a driver's license
found an alligator that day he didn't
even build a relationship with it
takes his new alligator and he seat belt
it into the back seat of his car
i assume
i just have no idea how else you keep it
from getting into the front seat and
biting you right
i don't
i don't
no you guys know anything about
alligators but they kind of just do
whatever they want
[Music]
so he seatbelts this dinosaur into the
back seat
and he gets into the front seat and he's
like ah
i gotta make some money today
there's a wheel
oh i could get a job and he goes no no
time
spent most my day on that alligator
thing
projects
i could rob someone
he goes i can rob a place
those places have more money than
someone's
rob a bank and he goes no no they'll be
expecting that
he's thinking about it and then he saw
he comes to the conclusion wendy's
they have money and chili that's the
place
so he drives his new alligator to
wendy's okay
pulls up to the drive-through and the
lady at the drive-thru is like hello how
can i help you today and he goes give me
all the money and she just goes looks
right at him and goes uh no
you didn't even come inside
you failed at this robbery
and the dude is so mad he goes give me
the money in the register or i'll kill
you
and she's from florida so she's not
afraid of death or whatever
she looks down at him she's like no if
you had a gun you would have shown it to
me already i call your bluff gotta hear
crazy guy go go go
he's
seething matt at this point furious and
he's like you know what i don't have a
gun but hold on
and then he palmed an alligator
through the drive-through window
yup
he skipped so many steps in that robbery
if he had a list of things
he was supposed to do
he would have thrown the alligator
looked down and just been like oh
no
i was supposed to threaten her with the
alligator first
by the way can you imagine being her
telling this guy off and he's like you
know what i don't have a gun and you're
like wow nailed it really doing it today
and then he leads back and starts
unbuckling the world's ugliest toddler
hey someone come and see this is wild
then you look back and an alligator is
flying
imagine being the car behind him
just
sitting there with your girlfriend
like what takes so long to make burgers
here
she's on her phone you're like do you
even care you look back from her and
then an alligator soars
from window to window
honey get off your phone they're
throwing alligators and new wendy's
this guy is crazy
she's on her phone like that doesn't
make sense they don't even serve
alligators here
what why am i with you
[Laughter]
[Music]
so
this dude is sitting there
awkwardly with no more alligators left
to play in the robbery
probably thinking to himself oh you
think if i ask for my alligator back
such a bad idea to throw it he didn't
even put a fanny pack on it like
maybe get some money while you're in
there i don't know
so
he drives off
yeah and he gets arrested immediately
he didn't even wear a mask
yeah he was like i'm in florida people
throw alligators i'll probably get lost
in the shuffle
uh no he didn't
they remembered him they arrested him
pretty hard afterwards
the end of the article is true it goes
no one was injured the alligator was
safely released back into the wild at
the very end of the article it read no
drug involvement suspected
oh yeah florida
that was your sober plan
what does the non-sober plan look like
do you ride a horse and the alligator
throws you
what happens
yeah I'm actually a recovering alcoholic
so if you guys could just put your
drinks underneath your table for the
duration of my set that would help me
out a lot I quit drinking a year and a
half ago I knew that I had a problem
with alcohol I did not have a rock
bottom that was very dramatic I did not
get a DUI or anything like that what
happened is one night I got drunk and I
threw a table at my husband and I'm not
proud of this the next day he sat me
down and he was like Jeanie we need to
talk said you need to stop working out
he said that table was heavy so this
[ __ ] was oh that was an Ikea yeah people
have different rock bottom's you have
different ideas of when you have a
problem what I did is I went online and
I took an online test to see if I was an
alcoholic do you know that there's an
online test you can take from a factory
let me tell you something if you have to
take an online test to see if you're an
alcoholic well then you should probably
pour yourself a drink first
I got three questions into this online
test and then I was like I'm gonna shut
this laptop instead it was just tomorrow
if I'm gonna have to hungover first
question said have you ever gotten
defensive about your drinking and I
thought about it I was honest with
myself two years ago my kids came home
from their dad's house and my son said
mommy why do you have two bottles of
empty wine next to your bed and I said I
don't know why aren't you reading at
grade level little bit defensive
second question said have you ever
changed your drink of choice or brand of
drink because you have a problem in
particular stopping that drink and
here's the thing I love beer you don't
get a body like this from not loving
beer huh but I would do after a night of
drinking like when I knew I had a start
heading home I would switch from beer to
Jameson shots no not yeah come on that's
like a terrible idea sir that's like
breaking up with Chris Brown to date the
NFL that is for the MLB either one
really third question said have you ever
blacked out as a result of drinking now
here's the thing I've never blacked out
but I have sat on the toilet
and reached over my shoulder for the
seatbelts just
smells like an uber pool
[Music]
oh I feel good about myself I quit
smoking it's been 173 days yeah now I
need to quit at night I saw this
commercial if you want to quit smoking
zài ban can he'll zyban but all these
drugs have like 75 creepy side effects
in them and the announcer tries to wrap
them off quickly hoping you won't pay
attention never listen to the side
effect since I've been common side
effects may include nausea vomiting
weight gain tremors ringworm lockjaw
homicidal rages mental retardation
bestiality sudden coma death
don't take side bender for over six feet
tall if you own a black lab if you have
tennis elbow
don't take Simon if you're a Capricorn
don't use Ivan if you're pregnant
nursing or human
just seemed safer to smoke right then I
saw this public service announcement
where a woman had a hole in her neck
from smoking I don't know if you
remember this spot but she's like
sitting in a dark room it's kind of gray
she's like I couldn't quit this is what
happened to me
then she reaches over she takes a
cigarette and smokes it out of the hole
even though she still had a mouse I
don't know if you remember that
commercial you guys I was smoking a
cigarette the time I saw it for the
first time I was like oh my god too bad
for her just didn't even face me then
after a while the public service
announcement did start to work it
started to get to me
and I couldn't get this woman's face out
of my head I started to panic I set
myself down on my couch my heart was
racing I was sweating I thought to
myself holy [ __ ] man
when am I gonna book a commercial I'm so
competitive isn't it cause you wonder
how many women with holes in their necks
had to audition
to get that part you know on why her
wouldn't even cute you know I mean
probably knew the director probably blew
the director with the whole internet
even though she's still had a mouth yes
[Music]
so I have two grown kids now my kids are
35 and 33 years old I love the fact that
they're doing well I feel very blessed
and honored to have these kids in my
life I'm having to navigate new waters
you know how do I talk to them now how
do I ask them for money it's not that I
need it it's just that they took from me
for so many years I thought a lunch or
dinner with them and I just wait when
the check comes out it's uncomfortable
for us all so much fun I had my mother's
curse now the mother's curse is someday
you'll have a child just like you who
and he received the mother's curse
someday yeah and you will if you haven't
you will it's a very powerful tool my
mother started give me the mother's
curse when I turned 13 it was day in day
out it was constant she would just see
me Oh someday someday you'll know what
you put me through she didn't stop she
started when I was 13 and she didn't
stop giving me the curse until I left
home at 14 it was just non-stop so I had
these kids and I had a child just like
me she even looks just like me and I'm
thinking okay this is crazy because we
don't get along it was insane we had to
go to therapy
it was horrible therapists you know
given us all these things don't work
nothing worked I don't know what it is
but when your kids turn into teenagers
Satan moves into the house that's what
happens
I go to wake up my kids in the morning
I'd open up door and go girls get up
it's time to go to school and I'd hear
five more minutes we need five more
minutes turn off the light the light
hurts our eyes
we're not going to school today mother
were sick bad
[Applause]
where are my beautiful little girls
teenagers are like cats that come into
your house I'm lay around on dirty
clothes they look at you like what the
heck are you doing here you know what if
you don't feed cats they go to somebody
else's house teenagers do the same thing
what's for dinner tonight
nothing Loki I'm just gonna stay here
okay I want you to know if you let that
go on too long it's a felony
they actually my monster drinks are
marketed to teenagers why do they need
extra energy what is up with that
do they need extra energy to shift on
the couch yeah look for the remote so I
have this kid who's just like me and I
just I gave up I gave up even Turner to
clean her room it was horrible
I just got to the point where I push
open the door and put my head out and go
I'm in shut the door
she was just roll all right therapist
told us to communicate as best we could
so this this child has five of her
friends over little cat friends
slithering around on her dirty clothes
and her dirty room now thinking you know
what this is the day she's 15 at the
time I said I'm gonna do it I am gonna
give her the curse I am gonna give her
the mother's curse I'm gonna do it once
so I went into my room and I put on my
purple fairy outfit which I keep for
other reasons and but it's really nice
it's got big wings sweet is sweet I had
some glitter and I had I had the scepter
thing you know so I shove open her door
and I go in her room I started throwing
glitter around her friends are like oh
hey miss curly Chenin your mum's a
purple fairy
and she's playing guitar on her bed and
I took the scepter and I pointed it
right at her but I aimed it towards her
ovaries as best I could and I said
someday you'll have a child just like
you and you'll know of my health I'm a
drone I ran out
if you want to watch my entire special
for $0.99 click here if you want to
watch more clips click here right here
click it you know you want to click it I
do believe you want to click it I don't
know why I'm all the suddently English
but usually when you click it's good
it's all good when you click
what's up guys I'm Matt ryf and you are
watching Laugh Factory fresh faces if
you like what you see help out your
favorite comic by liking their video
below peace what is up happy holidays it
is it is my new year's resolution
actually to be less self-absorbed so I'm
going to talk about myself I live in
Hollywood just down the street and it's
it's street parking only
for my apartment which is a [ __ ] pain
in the ass like nothing makes me more
mad than when someone leaves like just
enough room not to park you know that's
like the [ __ ] of parking right like
you see a spot you pull up and you think
you're so close to home and then it's
just the tip and you got to pull out and
like motorcycles really [ __ ] pissed
me off because they're like they're like
the whiskey-dick of parking right like
they're just kind of limply hanging out
in this spot but they can't fill up so I
feel like given all that that makes a
ballet the threesome of parking just
like I'm done riding you finish I I do
like living in Hollywood but I'm
originally from Boston and I love going
yeah I love going home it's just in LA
there's so much pressure to be like
pretty skinny hilarious and when I go
home to Boston that pressure is totally
off and like I can relax and I can have
breakfast lunch and dinner in the same
day and I feel like I can be my true
self you know like someone who eats and
my family has actually been from the
been in the Northeast in America
actually since 1612 so like the original
immigrants which is crazy that's like
400 years ago and I feel like people in
LA aren't super familiar with the
concept of history and that like things
can be older than 80 and look it
so okay I'll put it in terms that you
guys might understand that is 58 dog
years and before that my family was from
England like we're just pilgrims you
know like I'm honestly not even sure
that my family descended from
Neanderthals like I'm kind of just
running with the theory that we
materialized from the first loaf of
white bread and I'm moving on with my
life I I've been out here for about ten
years a little over 10 years crazy
and people always ask me when I tell
them from Boston's like the first thing
why don't have a Boston accent I'm just
like well I'm classier than that
and then I still manage to be a dumb
white girl like 50% of the time 100%
when I'm drunk like I'll be at a taco
truck and the line is you know obviously
wrapped around the corner my friends are
all behind me and I get up to the front
it's my turn and it was like Oh me like
I haven't been standing in line for 35
minutes I was like what do I want okay I
will have mmm tacos
Oh what kind of carnitas oh it's
carnitas okay sorry carnitas oh it is
carnitas or carne asada steak or pork
which ones which I always forget
carnitas is pork okay I will have carne
asada actually wait which is the one
that people get when they go to taco
trucks
oh that's carnitas okay I will have
Kearny just wait but hold on one second
is actually that that's port I'll just
have chicken
with extra guac I actually I love
Mexican food it's probably my favorite
food that and Thai because they're super
spicy and I hate bland food because I
feel like it's my palate trying to like
make up for how white I am and like it's
actually a total turnoff when guys say
there are steak and potatoes kind of man
like I don't like that that's a red flag
for me because it means you're not
adventurous another something about me
is I read into things guys will text me
in the be like hey girl and I'm like oh
he said girl so that means he
acknowledges that I'm a female which
means he wants to have sex with me which
means he wants to marry me a few years
of dating in LA has proven that's not
the case but I still like to believe it
I'm just like super super jaded about it
like in online dating profiles guys love
to say this they love to say I love to
travel and I was like okay Luke 28 so
what you're saying is your hobby is
leaving people behind
is that right did I get that right okay
great
I was on bumble for a couple years I'm
off now I had to go on bumble because I
got kicked off tinder we're done talking
about me now bumblin all guys profiles
I'm sorry guys like they're just all the
same like there's always the guy that's
a that says he's an entrepreneur but
he's not it doesn't have like any
business affiliation and it's just like
a picture of him like super-close off
with gold shaded sunglasses and like a
bathroom selfie and I don't know I just
feel bad for them because I'm like you
spelled unemployed wrong
they're the worst the worst some guys
are honest so some guys are upfront
they'll write in their BIOS not looking
for a hookup and I appreciate that
I really do because I'm like thank you
thank you now I know that you're also
looking for a secret to keep from your
girlfriend and I may or may not be in
the classic so like absolute classic
like I would say like 93 percent of guys
do this and it's a hard fact they'll put
a picture of them with a baby or like a
toddler and then their bio inevitably
reads not my kid
and it's like right I get it it's your
niece I had a drunk uncle too and I feel
like they're just trying to seem like
sensitive or something so we'll go home
and have sex with them and then marry
them but I've noticed I'm on to you Luke
36 this is a side note but this is the
thing about kids that I just do not
understand these days like why do kids
have phones younger and younger these
days right this really I don't
understand it when I have a kid they're
not getting a phone until they're 12 or
something reasonable I feel like I'll
figure that out then but like what
honestly what does the seven year old
need a phone for for real like are they
calling an uber stroller like
all my friends are having kids they're
all settling down with the one you know
they're all getting married and living
with their boyfriends and I just don't
get that
I can't even commit to a serving size
you know I probably should have known I
was gonna have commitment issues when I
first presh was on a triplet like if you
like that that's a telltale sign right I
don't know I have to start thinking
about whether guys in my life are get
ready for marriage you know are they
gonna be a good dad are they gonna be
have a secure job you know are they're
gonna be one of those old men who works
out in jeans I want to be I want to know
that before you come in you know you
guys think about that especially these
four in the front row I feel like you
guys here all guilty of at least one of
those things they're looking at me like
I'm crazy but I know I'm not alright
thanks guys that's what I'm Gracie Lane
[Applause]
[Music]
hi I'm Tiffany Haddish and I am so
excited to be on comics roastin Cummings
whoo we got to go we need I got to get
focused I don't know how people spend
all this money on his little pieces
we're like okay let's go to a certain
sound let's did a certain sound video
now this video was the very first time I
did this joke I mean I have four
negative comments for this video myself
but let's see what people had to say
somebody say I bust the net on her mole
uh [ __ ] oh you want I'm calling
the police you know busting them nut on
my mouth I will [ __ ] you I will put a
q-tip in your penis
can you rich the nut on my mother I
sweat it well swear to god this isn't
funny seriously it's not funny at all
the way they wrote this was like they
had a quiescent incident exception it
turned out to be a shoot okay women
aren't funny okay first off I hate
people that say that women aren't funny
I my personal comments for that person
is who's the first person to make you
laugh probably your mama and and it's
probably been with me all your life that
make you laugh and giggle when you sit
back and think about a good time that
you had I guarantee you with some women
involved so the fact that you're saying
women aren't funny is you saying your
mama ain't funny I'm glad that feminists
action committee at the Laugh Factory
has really stepped up their efforts keep
lowering that bar oh all I could say is
there is no affirmative action here at
the Laugh Factory you have to be [ __ ]
funny straight from my experience or you
have a family member of some sort that
is cool with the owner and the owner
owes them a favor and I don't even know
why they would say something like that
trying to sell sexing I'm trying to sell
sex I wouldn't be standing on a stage in
a comedy club
if I was trying to sell sex I'd be
standing on the corner saying hey wants
to buy some [ __ ] like I would be
literally selling some sex the stupidest
[ __ ] she's way too hard to be doing this
[ __ ] go marry a congressman or some [ __ ]
huh
hmm I have dated a few congressmen and
I'm gonna tell you right now none of
them are marriage worthy because they
already married
so that's stupid like you can't even get
a congressman there's not married unless
he's gay and he's still not gonna marry
you
because he got his husband like because
now they can get married like I'm not
about to give up on all my goals and
dreams and marry somebody because they
in office unless they're gonna be the
president I like a [ __ ] when it comes
to [ __ ] it I don't like them however
when he comes to comedy okay but what
you do after you [ __ ] it up you go to
your friends and you talk about [ __ ]
at house don't you and you laugh about
it don't you I don't like that Brenda
comedy how about that it's second up
ain't no [ __ ] out now this joke
it's not a joke this is a joke about the
female body and how it [ __ ] work it's
a joke about my first experience having
fixed equation
there's my no Hoshi I'm not on your
friends I [ __ ] every dude in my kuchi
kopi but everybody it done my coochie
queen for special people okay you know
please for everybody first off everybody
came even getting his cookies Oh Megan
probably white but still [ __ ] [ __ ]
Carmen who she was bombing hard Lisa
Jordan you might be right
I might have been bombing hard but guess
what I had the courage to get on stage
and I didn't that hard I didn't I really
didn't bomb that hard because I ended up
getting a lot of work off of this little
raggedy ANNs video so watch my movie
girls [ __ ] July 21st and watch our heart
I by blow your [ __ ] skull in
[ __ ]
let's see what else I'm sick me hatch
and this was comics roasting comments I
could sit up and talk to you about
politics and you would tell me that I'm
soupy I can sit up and talk to you about
world hunger and you would get bored and
be like look I'm hungry I'm going to go
to McDonald's at the end of the day it
doesn't matter what I talk about you
have to be interested in
it's been cool I see a lot of stuff when
I travel see a lot of stuff I meet a lot
of people like you're all new people to
me which is cool I like to meet new
people I tried to be nice it's hard it's
hard to be nice it is your waste
niceness right never waste it like I was
at a mall and this guy was I opened a
door for a guy like we're both walking
out and I saw him like right behind me
so I opened the door and he walked
through and he stopped right outside the
other side of the door and start
checking his phone so I was like trapped
behind him that's a waste of this I only
have so many of these lists like you
can't be nice to everybody because
there's too many people out there and
there's something happening right where
there's just more dumb people right like
you guys have to have noticed like it's
not just me great there's something and
I don't mean people don't think
clinically wrong with them I mean people
that just do stuff like that that just
slow the day down for everyone else
wretches dum-dums right just free-range
morons just out for the day just
cage-free idiots just like yeah
yeah like let me walk slow in a mall the
five of us are gonna walk side-by-side
just try getting around if you're like I
was driving I'm on the highway it's 65
on the highway there is a car in the
right lane going 45 going 20 miles on
her
I lost it like this one those things I
have this fantasy right all right just
imagine I have a slope snowplow on the
front of my car and I can just edge him
off well I just like now you don't get
to know this so you don't get to drive
you right but and like I go to pass the
car I want to give a look like I like to
look these people in the eye right
I look over it's a woman she's not even
looking out the windshield
she is looking out the driver's side
window like this
just a whole world of responsibility
from the windshield and she's just like
I'm out I'm having a day here I think we
should have what we should have is we
have a city was just dum-dum City where
we just send all these people right we
just I could name 100 cities right now
just a city we just fence it off put all
the dumb people in it let them live
their lives right they just have happy
lives in a slow city it's fine right
like we have a division of the police
you can call it and call the police and
be like hey there's an idiot and the
police come and then throw a sheet over
her car right and she falls asleep like
a parent because she would you don't
sound like she gets slightly darker
she's a good sleepy time it just passes
out
that's what would happen and the cops
just gently take her car and they put
they just put it in in dum-dum City
right they don't hurt it they take the
sheet off and she just wakes up and
keeps us drivin it's like a whole
different traders and she's like oh this
trees now and just lives her life she
just goes into any house she's like this
is my house right like I was at
Starbucks I'm in line at Starbucks it's
a long line and they're like 15 minutes
there's a guy in front of me he's a wine
for like 15 minutes and he gets up to
the counter and he goes what did I want
I could have on my hands I was like are
you gonna strangle him like I couldn't
control him I was like no hands no like
this I could do anything about but say I
should be able to call the police and be
like hey there's an idiot at Starbucks
in the police come they throw a sheet
over him they fall asleep and there's
take him to dum-dum saying take his
sheet off at a start and he's at a
Starbucks there and he's like what did I
want and the guy behind the counter is
like I don't even work here I fell
asleep in a Burger King I don't know
what happened and they just just
pressing buttons he just does his order
like that's it so we need subscribe to
drive our comedy for even more of the
world's largest collection of clean
comedy
I stopped checking my bank account
because I was like you know what if they
need me they know where to find me
you know I mean like if they want to
call me they can't oh my god and they do
holy [ __ ] holy [ __ ] like Wells Fargo
calls me like five times a day every day
and I have to keep locking their numbers
something I'm not I'm not interested
thank you but I
I wish guys were into me as Wells Fargo
is they give me so much attention I'm
like you can't stop that's okay I got a
call the other day from Brian and Wells
Fargo and he's like hey hey Gabi this is
Brian at Wells Fargo and he sounded cute
and I was like Brian hi what's up he was
like I just noticed that you haven't
made a payment on your credit card in
over a year I was like oh my god Brian
you notice
you [ __ ] notice cuz I got a haircut
and shaved my pubic hair the other day
and guess what my on and off boyfriend
didn't notice so thank you I broke up
with him and he didn't notice so thank
you Brian
I I don't wanna have kids just cause
like for like a lot of reasons but like
mostly honestly it's because kids get
horny and like that's so weird
yeah they got horny like I was a horny
kid I'm speaking from experience like I
started like [ __ ] things when I was
really not like I wasn't like having sex
but I was like masturbating when I was
like five you know like okay I would
like set my like little vagina on like
table tops and be like all right was it
I like this pressure all right like a
stuffed animal and I would just like
clench it in between my legs and I'd be
like oh my god
I don't know I know what I was doing but
I liked it and my grandma had um my
grandma had Jacuzzi jetsedder energy
koozie and I remember being so young
just being like what is it
my mom knew then she'd always be like
Gabi stop it not in your grandma's house
I was like mom you're such a [ __ ] cop
she'd be like I'm gonna send you to your
room I was like good that's where I want
to go
[Music]
so uh before I go I gotta go but uh
first of all thanks for having me guys
and I went on the story I'm actually
really glad I'm in a relationship now
because you know I had a little thing
happened to me that maybe very glad I
was in relationship I went to the girl
doctor right and I had to get the pap
smear with a smear on smear smear okay
it's closer oh so I went and a week
later I got a phone call from the doctor
which what does that mean lady's gonna
get a phone call
oh don't say you dance here ah she
doesn't know what that means she's never
had that okay so uh lady's right it
means bad news I don't know if you guys
know this but you never want a phone
call from the doctor it means
something's up right so this is the
message I get hello Rosemarie this is
dr. Reese could you please call me back
I have your lab results and I start
thinking about all the guys that have to
call we have to take on Facebook with
just this area all right I started
crying I was like I'm sorry God sorry
about that one night Victorville I was
lonely don't judge nobody's had a lonely
night miss Maria no okay so so I I leave
a message she calls back he goes hello
Rosemarie this is dr. Reece I don't
guess dr. what's the problem and he goes
I'm a little concerned you have high
cholesterol and I oh whoa whoa whoa whoa
high cholesterol I go could you lighten
up your voice a little bit on my
voicemail I'm like yo voice bill booked
chlamydia
right arm I could yell fast new messages
like call me back it's not gonna react
like right my second thought was how
much cholesterol is in my system if it's
kind of my freaking machine all right it
has to be next so now I gotta call the
guys that bill wouldn't be like look if
you slept with me you might want to get
your cholesterol checks apparently I
have a bit of a giant
First of all,
I'm so excited. Next week.
Does anybody like Hallmark?
I get to pitch my movie idea 
to Hallmark.
I know. It's okay!
All the men are like, "Ahh."
You secretly watch it.
I'm glad that you clapped. 
It's, like, a few—
No, okay. Is anybody who watches
Hallmark movies here?
Who knows?
(audience cheers)
So, I'm pitching to Hallmark 
and it's gonna be
a crazy plot twist, you guys, it's crazy.
It's about this big time architect girl,
and she moves back to
her hometown in Montana/Canada,
and there's a farm,
and she runs into her
boyfriend from third grade.
It's crazy. It's different than all
the other Hallmark movies. 
(audience laughing)
It's totally different. There's a fire,
and then her mother shows up 
who she hasn't talked to
in 10 years. I'm not gonna
tell you how it ends.
I'm not gonna tell you.
Okay. She ends up
running the bakery, but I'm not
gonna spoil it.
There's a puppy, you guys.
It's crazy. It's crazy.
(audience laughing)
I know. But it's—
I'm all excited. I love Hallmark.
My kids and I can watch Hallmark.
That's the only thing we
can watch that's, like, clean.
I don't wanna them watching
the Disney channel.
They pick up bad habits
on the Disney channel.
They're sassing their parents.
Now, I do let them watch Gilmore girls,
so I don't know what kind of parent,
(audience laughing)
My kid was two years old.
She's like, "Golden Girls,
"Mama, Golden Girls?"
And I was like, well, there's
some good values.
I know. I don't know 
what kind of parent that makes me.
I have weird standards,
but I think a lot of that—
I talk about my mom a lot
because she is a great
influence on my life.
She's like, she's a church-going
Southern woman.
I love her choir. 
I wish you could hear them.
They sing so high 
that only small animals
can really pick up the sounds,
but . . . and my mother
gets a solo every week and
she's not in the choir, and . . .
you know, she's always like,
♪ "How great thou art . . ." ♪
And you can hear the
voice of God going,
"Not so great, Barbara. 
"Not so great.
"Maybe you should stop watching
"Dancing with the Stars
"and go to rehearsal. Okay."
No, my mother watches
Dancing with the Stars
and I know some of you watch
Dancing with the Stars.
'cause I realized that
that is a cult. Okay.
My mother told me last year,
get this, 47 million Americans voted
in the season finale of
Dancing with the Stars.
Yes, people. We just went through
an election year,
and 47 Americans 
used their right to vote
on the season finale of
Dancing with the Stars, okay?
So, next time we elect a president,
we're gonna take the top two
candidates, and we're going to
make 'em dance it off, okay?
(audience applauding)
I would watch that debate. 
I would totally watch that debate.
You guys are so fun.
You guys are so fun, 
but before I get outta here,
I wanna pay honor to my Italian father
because he's taught me so much
about life, and I—
I had an amazing—
any Italians here?
Any Italians? 
What are you in witness protection?
There's like one. 
(audience laughing)
You're like, "No, we don't
"have Italians in Utah.
"Did you not get the memo? No?"
(audience laughing)
So my—if you have an
Italian Catholic father,
you're raised with 
good Italian Catholic values:
guilt and intimidation.
And that is the way
to raise the kids. 
Let me tell you right now,
and you got to lie to them.
You have to lie to them
'cause that's how you
have good values, and so,
fear. That's how he raised me,
and that's how I raise my kids.
I put them to bed
the same way my daddy
used to put me to bed. I say,
♪ go to sleep, go to sleep. ♪
♪ Mommy loves you. ♪
♪ Now remember, I want ♪
♪ you to have sweet dreams ♪
♪ and don't even think about ♪
♪ getting out of that bed, ♪
♪ 'cause if you do, ♪
♪ there's a big, hairy monster ♪
♪ and he lives under your bed, ♪
♪ and he's gonna come up ♪
♪ and he's gonna eat you ♪
♪ limb from limb from limb. ♪
Oh, you don't believe me?
What do you think
happened to your brother?
You don't have one. Do you? 
(audience laughing)
Thank you, guys, Dry Bar.
so burn out this town Hollywood anywhere
I go in the world I'm a normal average
sized human being and Hollywood I'm a
big fat slob go out at night to clubs
girls are so thin they're walking in and
out of doors without opening
the hell was that she slid right through
get some cartilage you young girls with
all your dieting in lipo and lap bands
if your boyfriend our husband wants you
to be nothing but a spine with kneecaps
guess what
he doesn't want you
young hairless ancient boy whoa whoa
black men with black women who started
that new trend
I must be in LA what happened I said my
apartment all day in Hollywood I just
shake I just sit there and watch TV
Tom's got the dream job that's the dream
television is all made for men FX spike
sports it goes on and on and on women
what did they give us lifetime I knew
I'd find the homosexual area
I even lured you out in 3d lifetime oh
come on
oxygen like you women don't know how to
breathe
you need a whole network to show you
have an exhale lifetime this is how they
say it to lure you in Lifetime
television for women every time you turn
it on you're getting beaten raped and
stabbed
whose lifetime is it don't any women get
away once in a while your husband's in
the basement making weapons maybe it's
trying to get the hell out of that
relationship I don't think he likes you
[Music]
I'm recently single I have been sleeping
with my ex as one does between
relationships it's like a palate
cleanser of sort but also because I
missed his penis it's not a penis is
fault that it's attached she would giant
dick milega modern theologian recently
said band-aids don't fix bullet holes we
still fight constantly and this
commercial came on for like Sleep Number
beds or ambien or justifiable homicide
something where the guy was just snoring
like crazy and I said that sounds like
you and he just immediately said will
you fart in your sleep which I feel like
is the best insult ever because I have
no idea so now I have to buy a tape
recorder to figure out like it's [ __ ]
with me or in my sleep flatulence is the
real reason I'm single
to be continued on that one
but not all of my axes are [ __ ] well one
of them just recently offered to cheat
on his wife with me he's the giver the
exception was that we could only do oral
to each other like that's the moral
loophole I guess I started thinking
maybe his wife is it genius like I have
someone clean my house no because I
don't know how okay like I just rather
do other things know that I hate giving
[ __ ] like if there's some chick out
there that loves giving 20-minute load
jobs and like kind of makes me a bad
feminist to not let her do it right you
live your truth Perl
but like maybe that's the key to
relationships like all of the bits that
you don't want to do just like
outsourcing
[Music]
I love I love Netflix because I live
alone and Netflix is gone at the end
I'll check in on me you know after a
couple of hours they put that
measurement screen he's like hey are you
still there
it's like someone holding a mirror under
your nose and make sure you still
breathe in when you're asleep like I'm
like Netflix I'm here like everything
good join the show give you 30 seconds
on the next episode check out you three
more hours I'm like alright Netflix I'll
be here like I'm not even wearing pants
I'm not doing [ __ ] today let's get this
dollar big fan
way better than Hulu who doesn't give a
[ __ ] about you anybody here use hulu
hulu Dead or Alive as long as your
credit card is valid they'll just keep
showing you TV shows they don't give a
[ __ ] they don't check in and see how you
doing none of that [ __ ] like sir he has
been moved in 24 hours is the credit
card good yeah [ __ ] show him cheers
he'll watch that [ __ ] 38 seasons of it
followed up the Fraser spin-off who
gives a [ __ ] his money's good and his
date is going let's go
[Music]
anybody ever got so drunk you call in on
the wrong thing anybody ever did that
making a bail [ __ ] my stomachache I got
a headache
the girls like alex is Sunday a [ __ ]
I'll call you tomorrow dancer
I say work at a hospital you can't even
call in sick the dev is like what come
on in we are checking out awkward work I
used to teach school any school teachers
on them it's going to just show them I
used to teach special education one
little kids like imma build a bomb and
blow this school up so you couldn't even
make a valentine card since your ass
[ __ ] you gonna build a bomb in this
[ __ ] never down this again you got a
knack of food alright you gotta act a
fool every now and again and people love
that guy that will act a fool [ __ ]
I'm that dude today I don't give a [ __ ]
I don't give a [ __ ] like a Christmas and
[ __ ] work and [ __ ] like a little
potluck dinner and [ __ ] when they bring
out their food and it's nasty out of
jail back there but anybody eating this
master [ __ ] you hear somebody yelling
hey
we wait for the black people to say she
could even we crazy issue they wait for
us to say [ __ ]
they say [ __ ] us like we had a wreck
Saturday he's funny next two months what
to play people coming up here know every
[ __ ] Saturday again so glad you
spoke I've never been in store on
somebody cuddle I love my black person's
accident hey [ __ ] the line back
in
you
I decided I was going to stop drinking
like I got a drink less cuz I started
losing friends over some junk [ __ ] I
would do I got called my boy up I was
like a man how come he don't talk no
more it's like dude you wiped your ass
on my dog I was like damn I thought that
was a funny dream I was getting ready to
tell you about it he's like nah after
that you went upstairs and you a dick on
my baby's face [ __ ] that baby he's got
to learn if you fall asleep at a party
people are gonna [ __ ] with you those are
rules
wake him up get us some similar cuts
it's party time not in that time also
when you get drunk the last thing you
remember doing that's not the last thing
you did there's a three-hour scooby-doo
mystery you gotta solve all right I was
at the bar had a cup of shots I stepped
outside in the fresh air and now I'm
home with my pants off and a
cheeseburger on my chest
[ __ ] there's so many bruises on my leg
like what did i do last night
this why stick to smoking weed weed that
doesn't happen when I wake up after
smoking weed I look around Xboxes on my
balls are orange and my stomach is thick
okay video games a cheeto is jerked off
with the sleep that was in on my night
[Applause]
[Music]
I had a very awkward conversation the
other day in the car with my kids they
overhear adult conversations and they
don't understand that they're private
and I'm about to do drop-off and from
the back seat I hear from my
ten-year-old so I hear you and dad are
talking about having another kid how's
that going for you and I said well you
know we're trying but you know if it
doesn't happen we're very happy with you
and your brother and I - I said this but
he goes I don't think you're trying hard
enough it's a very sensitive subject for
a woman and I want it to be like I'm
drawing very hard I am having sex like a
pirate [ __ ] I have two apps on my phone
that tell me when to [ __ ] your dad back
off okay
mommy loves you have a good day at
school babe
all right my second baby is my oldest
daughter who's about to graduate from
the University of Tennessee she's 22 and
let me tell y'all I know ever crow
thinks there's blankest but let me say
that she is a beauty and she is smart
and she's done very well in school and
she's in a sortie and done well with her
sorority and she's athletic and she's
mean and we're scared to death of her we
walk on eggshells around her she's not
mean to other people or in public she
holds it in so that she can come home
and like spew it out on to me that's
okay that's God's Way but this is what I
think happens when she was a junior her
summer between her junior and senior
year I think that God allows this to
happen and you little girls that your
babies aren't this old let me just
listen to me all right one day they'll
just turn on you and you'll think who in
the world is this who's coming down the
steps in the morning we don't know who
this sounds I think that God allows that
because he knows that you're about to
let your baby go off to college or
whatever they're gonna do and he knows
that you're grieving so he makes them
just as mean as he can so that you can
let them go
and I believe that summer the very
breath that I breathe out of my nostrils
made her so angry we were not allowed to
eat cereal in our own home because she
couldn't stand to hear us cheap I don't
mean to talk about her cuz she had a lot
owner she had to empty the dishwasher
stuff like that that's so hard okay let
me T about an example when she was
probably your baby's age y'all y'all's
little children cuz y'all are so cute
look like their thyroid still
functioning y'all still got hair good
for y'all um y'all got a little bread
chip yay okay
when my baby went my middle one when she
was in elementary school I was so
blessed that I got to take them to
school and pick them up every day in my
minivan and I would watch them come out
my girls and I saw them they were in a
good mood I saw it all right they would
be goosing each other and waving all the
little children and the principal see
you tomorrow okay then then they come
over to my minivan get in slam the door
that middle woman take her backpack and
sling me in the back of the head with it
she'd say everyday something like I'm
starving to death you don't have a piece
of cheese in this car your drumming is
making me carsick I hate her why did you
have her and the baby babysitting over
the bank she'd be going mom mom mom mom
mom
and I say what and she got mom mom mom
mom I got one I'm listening she could
say some of the craziest things she said
to me one day did Jesus ever have head
lice honey answer that I said well baby
I don't I don't know but if he did I
know we're healing thank y'all so much
for watching my special now I need you
to watch my entire special for 99 cents
and then click it and then I need you to
watch more clips and then click it and I
don't know what you're supposed to be
clicking but they tell the young people
are telling me I don't understand but
just click it
and another thing that recently happened
with me with porn is I was going through
you know they like title all the clips
and I like deciding what you want you
know and um I'm like looking on I'm like
what am i doing for what am i before and
then it was like a teen gets pregnant
after rough sex I was like porn say one
we're like what the did somebody's mom
sneak in and like retitle some of these
clips like to maybe sway impressionable
young viewers you know away from I don't
know what rough sex are using a condom
because how am I supposed to get off
from teen gets pregnant after rough sex
I'll tell you how you just plow through
that's what I did I was like she's gonna
make a great mom she's gonna make a
great mom I just read that a woman in
Ireland died as a result of an allergic
reaction to the dog she was having sex
with people no your allergies
it's like I've heard tell of
hypoallergenic dogs right why didn't she
[ __ ] one of them no I know but I guess
the allergic heart wants with the
allergic carbon i I do freaked out about
age though that does bother me actually
that like the main reason that I moved
to Los Angeles is so I could be three
hours younger than my friends in New
York it weirdly I initially was going to
move to Texas but then I would only be
two hours good two hours younger though
and you guys in Texas I swim you're from
there have this law where you can only
legally own up to six vibrators No so I
was like two plus one plus six carry the
six that I also have beyond that equals
Hollywood
[Applause]
[Music]
Moody's pants this time ladies you ever
want some jeans so tight when you take
them off it still look like you got
jeans on and you do be like take off
your pants you like I did take off my
pants he like a what's up with the
pockets in the back [ __ ] at his
ass stupid it's supposed to have ripples
and dancing and stuff that's what make
the sound effects dummy and men let them
sound effects don't let a look at that I
can't really do it with my mouth but my
ass does look great no I'm saying it
they let it ladies remember the first
time he was doing it doggy style and he
was liking it and do hitting in front of
back and you're just like oh my god he's
hitting me you like oh my god this is
amazing
I don't even have to look at him or
nothing this is so good oh my goodness
oh no don't look don't [ __ ] it don't
[ __ ] it up oh my god this is so good oh
oh and I don't know the first time for
me it was so good I started to raise up
like a Black Swan or some I raised up on
my tippy toes and [ __ ] like and in all
of a sudden
and I didn't know what to do I didn't
know whether a laugh scream cry get up
and [ __ ] run the first time I
happened to me I just buried my face in
a pillow like an ostrich and threw my
ass back real fast like he turned the
Nitro on that [ __ ] y'all know what I'm
talking about right
that Cleve why don't nobody tell you why
don't they tell you in health class that
this could happen nobody tells you this
when you younger that this is possible
to happen the first time that happens so
you just [ __ ] happens and it's like a
surprise they don't set you down the
health class and go ladies there'll be a
time when you're having sex and a man
will be penetrating your vagina
repeatedly and as he's doing that he'll
be pumping air in there and once you
relax there'll be a sound that comes out
there sounds a little something like
this
[Music]
don't become alarmed it's natural you're
just relaxing they don't tell you that
none of your friends tell you none of
your girlfriends let's having sex before
you tell you none of your friends like
girl I was doing it's a hectare
yesterday he had my [ __ ] be boxing
[ __ ] yeah I'm not sure like tell you
that just happens and men love it when
they hear that sound aw it's like magic
to them it's like oh yeah oh yeah that's
what daddy wanted here yeah but they
talk it's women that [ __ ] you
[Laughter]
so I'm going to tell you
a little bit about myself.
At 44 years old, 
I got married and pregnant
on my honeymoon,
(audience cheers)
with triplets.
Kinda like a Groupon, is what I got.
(audience laughing)
I found there's a big difference
between being married
in your 20s, and your 40s, right?
In your 20s, your man tries
to go out and you're like,
"Don't go.
"I'll miss you.
"Text me and call me 
"when you get there."
In your 40s, 
you're calling your man's friends
talkin' about,
"Somebody better come 
"pick this fool up.
(audience laughing)
"I need a break."
(audience laughing)
Picking out your marriage bed 
in your 20s,
You're like, "Let's get a twin.
"I wanna feel you next
"to me all night long."
(audience laughing)
In your 40s, you're at
the mattress store like,
"How big a bed do ya make?!
"Honey, you sleep on the east, 
"I'll sleep on the west.
"Text me if you need something."
(audience laughing)
Oh man, so I'm married, like I said,
got some kids, it's a wonderful thing,
thank you, thank you,
appreciate that, appreciate that.
I am 52, with first graders.
(audience cheers)
I know, thank you so much. 
(audience cheers)
Thank you.
(audience cheers)
I know, I know 
some of you ladies are like,
"Oh man, this could still happen."
(audience laughing)
Some of you ladies are like,
"Oh, wait a minute,
"this could still happen?"
(audience laughing)
I know, 52 with first graders,
it makes me amazing actually,
makes me incredible,
makes me so tired.
(audience laughing)
I'm all the time tired.
I'm so tired, I welcome any procedure
where you get to lay down.
(audience laughing)
I call them mini vacation procedures.
(audience laughing)
I don't have anything going on
but I'm at that doctor's every month.
(audience laughing)
Tell that nurse, tell that doc, 
take your time,
I'll be right here. Laying on the paper.
(audience laughing)
I hear a root canal takes hours,
I'll take two.
(audience laughing)
First sonogram appointment,
my husband wasn't there
and I'm laying on the table
and the nurse starts doing the exam.
She gets this look on her face.
(audience laughing)
I said, hey, what's going on?
She said, "Yeah,
"I think there's three in there."
I said, oh, um, yeah.
I think you better shut up.
(audience laughing)
She's like, "No ma'am, we're not
"allowed to make jokes like that."
(audience laughing)
She said, "I need to
"go get a supervisor."
So she left the room. 
I called my husband.
I'm like, honey, guess what! 
We're having triplets!
He was like,
"Are they all mine?"
(audience laughing)
gotta lose some weight to eat too much
junk food that's my problem how about
you guys fast isn't it's the best the
food is getting crazy out of control
like this have me a couple of weeks ago
I went to a McDonald's that's salt
shakers on the tables at McDonald's
who's eating McDonald's gone you know
what this needs
a little bit more salt yeah
it's taste it on its happen today I love
fast food I went to Taco Bell for dinner
tonight I did that you guys like it or
[Laughter]
use my credit card to pay for it because
my career is on fire
how sad your life is becoming up to
finance at chalupa
zip it through see what happens at this
awkward moment with the lady behind the
counter because she asked if she could
see ID with the credit card just to make
sure that the credit card wasn't stolen
it's not a thing in America now stealing
credit markets the first place you've
taken is Taco Bell for real that's Rita
we're gonna max this baby out dollar 89
at a time
forget the plasma screen TV you morons
I'm gonna make it rain chalupa
getting this party started this is
pretty awkward this has never happened
me before I went through the
drive-through window today all right got
my fast food bag put it on the passenger
car seat in the passenger car seat belt
light came on
it's like how much food did I order if
the car thinks there's another human
being in the car still ate it gotta lay
off that stuff man I gotta work out a
little more to always set goals for
myself when it comes to fitness don't
you guys yeah one person
everyone's looking rolling Taco Bell
sounds amazing
yeah let's carpool
you meet this guy in the parking lot and
we're all over the car
so yeah I'm dating I'm getting out there
I get asked a lot of weird questions as
a lesbian like guys will ask me if I'm a
lesbian because I hate men I do not hate
men okay like [ __ ] I actually kind of
feel bad for you guys I think you had a
really rough year last year I just had
like centuries the [ __ ] that finally
caught up to you in 2017 I hope this
here goes better for you I do yeah I
don't hate men but there's a very small
group of men that make you all look bad
you know like the president and it's
like the young guys too you know they
don't know they're immature they don't
know the rules and stuff well not many
of you do anyway but I mean like I was
at this club the other night I was
eating this chocolate molten lava cake
thing and had like melted vanilla ice
cream in the bottom whipped cream on top
I was [ __ ] delicious
getting in there eating and like it's
young kid it may be like 22 years old
right he leans over and he goes my cream
tastes better I was like how do you know
how do you know your cream tastes like
that is uh that's the gayest [ __ ] I've
ever heard and I killed furniture
[Music]
big surprise I'm single this [ __ ] is
wack all this stuff love me love me love
me [ __ ] stop
you need a [ __ ] me I need a man I
need help i need help i need assistance
i think the way all of it helped with
everything i need help bringing the
water upstairs all of it I need help
okay for every bill I pay by myself a
piece of me dies it's so unnatural
I'm wasting I'm disappearing this [ __ ]
is not normal so I didn't realize until
me and my man broke up how affectionate
I was like I'm so physically physically
affectionate and I didn't realize that I
like this this is on ways to always be
liking this stupid [ __ ] but I love this
you know how when a dude hold you from
behind and walks like how Mexican
teenagers be at amusement parks like
[Applause]
I hold walk down the aisle and I can
marry like that like a dumbass [ __ ]
okay so before I go let me tell y'all
why me and my man broke up okay so one
night one night man my man was asleep
I was asleep over his house at deep
sleep no [ __ ]
the Lord woke me clean up out of my
sleep and say I check that man's phone
there's a message in there for you from
us and I'm like Lord you owe me a lonely
whatever the funds I go through this
man's personal property like I'm
fearfully and wonderfully made that's
not even in me wait but I want to be
disobedient amina's God here got a nice
day here gonna phone so he's sleep on
his back right so I had to reach over
him to get to the phone he's snoring I'm
cruising he stopped snoring I stopped
moving he snore I'm of he stopped by
stop we're doing this for like 40
minutes all of this is no man is here
I'm shaking his sheep I'm wondering if
he doing this [ __ ] on purpose wondering
if I'm letting God and all it is right
so finally I get my hand on the phone I
didn't realize this we was in a
pitch-black bedroom there's a phones on
a charger like this long so yes so so
I'm bringing the phones to me all kind
of [ __ ] get knocked over all kind of
[ __ ] you know what I've got our lamp
with no lampshade a jar full of pennies
an empty bottle acts all kind of [ __ ]
nightstand noises matter
it was like that [ __ ] was screaming it
was falling to the ground but I didn't
let go of that phone because this was
bigger than me this could have saved us
you know I needed the message
so um still be the next da Vinci Code I
don't [ __ ] know so he looked at me I
looked at him I said what was that
and I turned over and I ran to that
phone and I said I found a message from
him to his ex saying that I am like a
sister to him and the first thing I
thought to myself was thank God I'm
[ __ ] two other [ __ ] myself cuz
that's gonna have the power to destroy
me thank you my name is Cyril
[Applause]
[Music]
so this is kind of funny I just got high
for the very first time in my life I
know can you believe I'm 27 I never
smoked meth before yellow
there's no pause before the whole my
allergies I've learned smoke I'm
allergic to mint so I thought maybe I
went the same family uh ha ha also you
don't want to be the kid in a party like
smoke to join then your throat closes
and the ambulance comes
I guess the [ __ ] bummer no one likes
that person so you ain't never done and
I kind of look you know what I just I
feel like I should know what this is
like
so my boyfriend brought me home with me
50 milligrams weed lollipop candy and I
are both idiots realize how strong that
was if you lean ever been high before
you start with a 50 milligram and never
haven't had alcohol and starting with a
bucket is moot they're doing is brighter
than on the German Autobahn
a lot to start with so I had half a
lollipop obispo and this is what I feel
like oh and then I had momentum and she
got dark real I became terrified of how
quickly the Sun would study try to calm
myself down by eating food sushi but
then I just felt like I could taste the
fish's childhood and then I slept for 17
hours a recreational coma
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
I do I work at a restaurant and and it's
fine that sometimes people say really
stupid things to my face and I was at
work the other day and this guy said hey
it you're pretty you should be a model
not a waitress yeah it was a choice
between the two
like I made a mistake I don't get fan up
about it actually in the past couple
years I realized like family is the most
important thing to me because a couple
years ago my dad passed away but don't
get sad my dad he was 89 so he was
really starting to get gross my brother
called me and told me my dad was in the
hospital I wasn't even shocked it was
just like oh my god this is so unfair
that he fought it for Trump and now he
doesn't even have to live as my dad and
I as we both got older he became very
obsessed with me finding a boyfriend so
everywhere he went he would try to match
me up with people like one time we went
to a gas station and I comes gas and I
got back in the car and my dad goes gene
there was a man there who was looking at
you I was like no there wasn't
yes there was you just don't notice
because you're her nose in the air
I was like oh I'm sorry dad that I've
walked into a gas station without
looking to get laid
next I'm gonna go and I'll be sure to
make an announcement say hey everybody
I'm just here to fill up but everyone
would like to fill me up
[Music]
there's like well that would be a start
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't like to workout you guys it
doesn't work out for me but I'm trying
to stay in shape and it's so hard one
night I was watching infomercials they
were selling their waist trainers for
women and I bought it I worried everyday
I'll show you you see right yeah they
said you can lose half an inch in one
week I don't know so far I lost eighty
bucks in one second no but seriously
it's pretty amazing if you want to
reorganize your organs it works so good
I mean I mean you guys see these these
are not my boobs these are my kidneys I
guess I used to work in sales during the
days for money now it would stand up at
night for attention I used to work in
the beauty industry and I didn't like
that job you guys I remember one day my
boss asked me to wear a different look
for a change so I showed up looking
happy one time we had a meeting and she
said oh golly you've been doing sales
for a long time if you stay working for
us what do you think you'll be doing
five years from now
I said crying full-time one day I was
late for work she asked me what happened
I told her you know my dogs pooped all
over the carpet I had to clean it she
said oh now look at me tell me the truth
I said you're ugly
[Laughter]
one time she took me out to lunch after
lunch she asked me would you like
dessert I said no thank you I'm full
then she said come on you don't have to
be polite so I said no thank you I'm for
stupid [ __ ] glad you laughing but I had
to look for a new job my mom always said
hey don't worry when God closes a door
he opens the window
so yeah that's when God wants you to
jump but meanwhile actually is a
comedian I make a living from writing I
do I write to my dad and he sends me
money to pay the bills I'm a good
daughter you guys I keep all the receipt
and I give him good review on Yelp
he's got five stars
[Music]
I can hate it man I don't know what I
did wrong
pick the wrong lifestyle man I gotta say
cuz woman we are [ __ ] crazy
each and every one of us a psycho is him
like I actually believe I think every
chick should date another chick before
they get married
calm down ladies is not to recruit you
just to hope you realize how [ __ ]
crazy you really are you date you and I
guarantee you have a perfect straight
marriage after that room and I say that
because my chick she try to catch me
cheating and I think she forget I'm a
female as I come in the house and she
looking at me like who panties at ease
I'm like mine [ __ ] why are you looking
through my drawers she only do stuff you
can only do in the straight relationship
like I remember going to bed one night
she's like baby I got cramps could you
go to the store and get me some
chocolate and ice cream started my cycle
it's like [ __ ] me too
you didn't know his relationship with us
on the same cycle and won't you go to
the store and get us some chocolate and
ice cream
bring back one Lifetime movie so we
can't dude some before
started some teachers in the crowd oh
yeah oh my gosh why get out now um what
do you teach dancing yoga
oh wait a second yes dance dance and
yoga in the schoolers like you I've
you're your own studio you cool what is
money growing on trees in Utah how do
you get dance and yoga in the school oh
how is that possible I mean Wisconsin we
had at least a quarter on polka but
that's understandable
I mean polka but you get I mean you get
all your rage doing like you can't you
can't get in trouble doing this the
whole time
uh yeah I did I tried yoga one because I
know you remind me to get back on track
later but I been spending a lot of time
in LA because I was sick of people
appreciate me so what's on the inside
and
okay dear friend one time a gal came up
to me after a show there and she's like
what's with your hair are you wearing
any product my boy
[Music]
sure I'm in the middle of a drug deal
right now I am elected I didn't know
what product was so but but the LA
people are always giving me this been
advice right there I was like oh you got
to live in the now Mary Mack live in the
now and what yeah but now what am i
superhero but now it's like you don't
even know in the now is to a little bit
after than now sometimes several days go
by before I realized it's now yeah
[Applause]
what have you tried babbling in the know
I tried it that's where I Yoga came in
and and I learned this great move in
yoga tell me if you teach it in your
class I want you to put your hands on
the ground like this right
boy the cameramen didn't know this stunt
was common who would you put your hands
Arnold Rosen keep up with this one put
your hands on the ground like that and
stick this foot up in the air and in
what happens is all your negative energy
surges should salt shoots out your big
toe and it's it let's make the rainbow
it makes a negativity rainbow and it
lands on a baby in an airplane
[Music]
but then at the end of the class is the
word we would you be gracious and
grateful at the end and then they say
namaste but I didn't knew the northern
me so I was almost like I was Benjamin
and I throw a men in there cuz I'm like
I have a prize punch card I can't waste
it on French cheese
I have been on set all day shooting a
commercial and I'm not bragging I am it
was like this farmers little [ __ ]
making Bank you know what but I'm just
excited to be in a actual production
where I'm seen as like you know a
respected human I am because my first
cast of role was cranky yeah that's
[ __ ] up right and in the thing is is I
what's an audition right I walk them to
the audition and as soon as I saw the
SATs I was like Kelly you don't even
know how to be a crackhead you know what
I'm saying like you ain't lifted
yourself up out the hood you a better
person than that you don't know how to
even execute this role and I walked in
audition doing my thang walked out the
audition I said uh [ __ ] you don't get
that crackhead role you killed - yeah
but I had like this moral like sickening
feeling in my stomach where I was like
no I can't do that I can't sell my
people out like that and be no crackhead
on my first TV role I'm not gonna do
that when they called me out turn that
[ __ ] down my agent call
one crackhead ain't that when you do
multiple crackheads you know I'm saying
that's when it's a problem so you know
that's not even the issue I had like
being a crackhead on TV for the first
time no big deal I got paid Hey okay but
I didn't have a problem with the
director not directing me once yeah he
came in and talked to what would be my
son on the show and was like hey I need
you to be a little bit more
compassionate towards your mother you
know you're a super aggressive right now
just tone it down okay that's a good
note then he came over here to the
arresting officer was like hey I need
you to be a little bit more aggressive
towards the mom let her know you're not
playing you're taking her son no matter
what I thought oh I like that note to
what you want me to do
he was like nothing you're perfect
let me hold that all this no I did I
enjoyed it I immediately called my mom
though afterwards and I was like mom oh
my god
thank you for all those years of
experience doing my childhood that's a
petty ass joke
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm so excited to be here this is my
first time at the Laugh Factory thank
you I got a lot of friends a lot of
family here unfortunately my mother
couldn't make it but I told her I was
performing here tonight and she said oh
I'm sure you will bring great shame to
our family yeah been going on my whole
life finally I said to her mom you got
to stop talking to me like that okay
first of all I'm a grown woman but more
importantly you are not Asian I'm
adopted you're white
[Laughter]
wit it so inappropriate so I was born in
Seoul South Korea and they think that my
mother was probably Korean and my father
was from the US on a tour of Korean
brothels which was actually a good thing
for me to know because when I was in
fourth grade this little girl named
Sandy tried to pick a fight with me by
saying hey your mother's a [ __ ] and I
said yeah probably people ask me all the
time why my parents decided to adopt and
the reason I always give is they wanted
to give a child a chance because I think
that sounds so much better than
undescended testicles
[Laughter]
people also asked me if I've ever met my
real parents and I have to explain to
them that the term real parents is
actually very hurtful to my imaginary
parents but the answer is no I've never
tried to look for my birth parents I
just don't have enough information but
you know even if I did I wouldn't look
for them because ever since I can
remember I've always been very lazy that
seems like a lot of work not into it but
no my parents are wonderful people they
are both white and there have been some
great advantages to growing up Asian
with white parents never had to take
piano or violin lessons growing up no
pressure to go to an Ivy League school
or become a doctor if you guys were
Asian this would be killing right now
the whole
[Music]
so yeah I'm gain this month that's
special and brave so thank you and a lot
of my straight friends when they find
out them gave it like oh like you just
um you don't look gay yeah and I got a
little worked up I'm like first of all
don't even know what the hell that means
and secondly thank you it's like I know
what it means male coworker I'm known
for like two years just found out that
I'm gay and you just look at me when
Casey Ewell is well I thought she was
just some hard copy is funny I was
hoping that story would get a laugh and
then it did and now Matt shot in the
dark any gay people here tonight cool
super save space I'm so relieved a lot
of shows I do there's like nobody in the
audience that's LGBT but you know like
the girls are drinking so it's like LGBT
we do know your lovely have a nice
evening a lot of my guy friends who ask
me like oh but you got an apartment for
like dildos and sex so it's my girl
videos right I'm saying any new guy
friends that's what I'm saying first of
all none of this is exactly weird
stereotype that y'all made up like just
cuz I'm a single lesbian doesn't mean I
have an apartment full of dildos and sex
toys the kitchen full of very versatile
appliances that you'd be wise not to
borrow
[Music]
but sex toys that I don't have a [ __ ]
adult I mean yeah sometimes I like to
wear a strap-on like yes occasionally I
like to wear a fake penis but not for
sex I wear it to my mechanic so he's
less condescending
yeah that's my dildo joke and I like to
think it puts a mirror up to society or
very welcome like guys you will never
understand what it's like to be a woman
at a mechanic they just talk down to you
immediately for like no reason like last
time I was out of mechanic he was like
Casey seem really smart but maybe next
time come with your boyfriend your
husband do your dad or a car you go in
there swinging a big purple dong around
thank you so much good night
[Music]
I used to do online dating anyone do
online dating yes one lone person is
like ah I used to do it on my dating
site called OkCupid you guys have know
about this [ __ ] okay for those of you
that don't know okay keep it is the
ghetto match com
do you know what makes it ghetto it's
free at least match.com charges you 30
bucks a month OkCupid is for the losers
that are like I want to get laid but I
don't have any money
OkCupid it's right there in the name
it's not good Cupid or grey Cupid it's
okay that's alright
uh embarrassing about online dating
first of all you have to find a picture
of yourself where you don't look too
chinny right which for me is a problem
because I've been drinking it too Korean
face like I'm not a big person but
somehow in all the photos I'm
ridiculous I have an hourglass figure
that starts at the top of my head
she is so curvy that girl I am single
but I did go on a date recently thank
you thank you thank you I want on a date
I decided that I like this guy and next
time I see him I'm gonna [ __ ] him yeah I
wrote it down I actually put it in my
date book I did I wrote it into my
calendar I feel like I'm maturing and
growing as an adult because I never used
to plan when I was gonna have sex right
when I was younger I would always just
be like I'm so drunk oh there's a dick
in me well hold on up in there hi I'm
Helen welcome to South Korea you guys
have been great my name is Helen aw
thank you so much
ah
I recently hit my six-year anniversary
in Los Angeles which thank you again yes
thank you um it's really not a big deal
but thank you I it's a long time though
six years is a good amount of time to
live somewhere I did a lot of reflecting
I was thinking about you know where I am
now and who I used to be in like six
years ago I was living in Missouri with
my parents so we don't summer I hate
we're doing it okay I was thinking about
when my mom and I we were like sitting
at the computer on Craigslist looking
for apartments in LA and she like pulled
one up and she was like oh
what about Burbank Burbank looks nice
and I was like not for me mom I'm going
to Hollywood I want to go where the
stars are I want to be able to see the
Hollywood Walk of have you seen the
Hollywood Walk of Fame of course you
haven't of course you haven't you live
here you have [ __ ] to do
you're grownups it's trash my mom and I
drove 25 hours in my car right across
country to move to my apartment and when
we pulled up the first thing I see and
keep in mind I'm still like I'm like
young and Bush Bush bushy tail what what
is he bushy I push it a light bright
whatever I still believe in Jesus it's
like what I'm trying to say
it's what I'm getting that so like the
first thing I see as I step out of my
car is a homeless man wearing a pink wig
and he's [ __ ] into a pizza box and
my reaction at the time was just kind of
like huh what is he doing as wacky stuff
and now six years later I'm fully aware
of the fact that I am like seven months
from that
like that wasn't a homeless man that was
a struggling actor on a bad day that guy
just drove to and from Santa Monica
during rush hour for a commercial
audition he's just like [ __ ] [ __ ] god
damn it
my dad was right um it's hard out here
man this place sucks it sucks I have
three friends that just live in vans
like literally live in bins and one of
them is a recurring character on a
Shonda Rhimes show like it's not cool
out here
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
rappers are just confusing to me man Lil
Wayne I'm a little concerned about Lil
Wayne that man is out of his mind
like like any parents in here you if you
seen your baby do that you get worrying
you gotta listen to his lyrics something
is wrong of Lil Wayne he's crying out
for help something is wrong with his
physical help you'll never be able to
hear a song from him the same ever again
but something is wrong with him
physically he's giving you hints in his
song one lyric he says I got a big house
hallways I got ten bathrooms I could
crap all day really that's what you want
to do with all that yeah that's what you
want to do with all that money just just
sit back and eat burritos and cold pizza
and just need to get a bottle of
kaopectate what's wrong with you little
Wayne what's wrong all these rappers
bragging about their lifestyle and what
kind of cars they drive Bugattis and
Aston Martin if I was a rapper I'd rap
about what I Drive I Drive a 2008 Ford
Escape
it's a pleasant
be like I'm on that midsize SUV swag
five-star safety rating with seven
airbags just picked up my dry cleaner
and put it on the hanger put some more
john mayer my six disc CD changer you
know I like John Mayer it is y'all ya
body is a but its pleasant to listen to
alright it's better than say I like
old-school hip-hop that's like what I
grew up on you know like a lot I grew up
on a lot of the old-school hip-hop you
know LL Cool J and then even older one
of the original rap songs is rapper's
delight'
I love that song cuz they're not
bragging about you know their cars or
you know the size of a woman's posterior
or how many times they could use a
bathroom in one day you know what
they're rapping about in rapper's
delight' sugar real game toast classic
line of the song I don't mean to brag I
don't mean to boast but I like how
butter on my breakfast oh that's awesome
like I love toast I'd be like what like
I walk up window Club yo let me get some
margarine over here let me get some I
can't believe it is butter what's up ass
hope I hope y'all like go out to a club
and I got like all I got toast up in
here ya know that's that's my car though
my Ford Escape you drive a Ford Escape
you ain't escaping nothing okay
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
my boyfriend said I was getting fat yeah
and I told my mother and she was like oh
my god don't get fat I had to put my dog
down I was carrying her and she was
heavy also she needed to die
now I actually recently got a dog and I
have to say the advantages of having a
dog if someone comes to your apartment
and they find a bag of you can say
it to dogs I have this fear that my
boyfriend is gonna realize that I do
know how to give doesn't but
work both ways but last time he got ill
he blamed having gone down on me I was
like that was months ago he is super
conservative but recently I got him to
send me a dick pic and I was so excited
and I sent him a clip pic back but he
didn't know what it was
my boyfriend is really poor so I try and
motivate him in the bedroom I like your
dick is so big it's like a house we
could live growing up
I was super excited to be developing
sexually I was constantly combing my
three pubic hairs and I growing up I
learned from TV that when people really
love each other they make out so I was
convinced my parents didn't love me it's
okay I knew my uncle loved me I I hate
the word I hate the word because I
didn't grow up with it I had a Filipino
nanny and she called it a peck peck she
last time she'd be like did you wash
your Peck back yeah I missed that no one
checks whether I clean it anymore
I always feel like I have to come out as
saying I had a nanny but I had a
hard-working single mother she earned
the right to ignore her kids now she was
really hardworking and before the
internet she used to take the fax
machine on holiday with us yeah no she
was so hard-working but she really
inspired me to live off her as long as
possible
the art of a good road trip never reveal
to your companions how carsick you get
let them find out organically when I
break up with a guy I like him to think
of me as the one that got away so I
steal his stuff and change my number I
hate it when people say the struggle is
real but then they don't seem to
struggle
[Music]
so and actually as much as I like
masturbating it's not something I'm
great at because here's the thing I know
how to physically do it duh but I don't
know if it women I don't women or agree
with me or not but it's not just about
thinking or looking at a hot guy you
have to have a story right and who has
that ready it's like homework it's like
an intimate an essay you know like every
time I every time I sit down to think
about it I'm like I don't know what that
thing about and then I start to
fantasize I start to fantasize I'm like
here we go I'm at the bar and I see a
guy I don't own that dress Jen that
dress is too expensive go back in your
closet and find something that you would
wear to that bar this is not real we
don't fit into anything right now Jen
then I fall asleep and I wake up and I'm
in a bad mood the next day wouldn't get
it out you know what I mean so if you
work with anyone that's a big she
doesn't have a story that's to be nice
to her don't tell her that you know why
she's a that's inappropriate
hey you don't masturbate do you just
just you know is tacit knowledge okay
I do not have much luck.
I dated a city guy.
That was weird.
Took him out to the country.
You know how the cattails
grow alongside of the pond?
He saw that and 
I saw him on the phone,
talking to his mother,
"You're not gonna believe it, Mom."
He goes, "They got corn dogs growing
"on the side of the highway."
(audience laughing)
I mean, I've tried everything.
I thought I was gonna
get myself a Harley,
I'm telling you,
I saw a woman on 
a hot pink Harley Davidson,
she had five guys
huddled around her.
They're like, "Wow, babe,
"where'd you get the bike?"
She's like, "Mary Kay."
(audience laughing)
Isn't that crazy?
It's just unbelievable.
We try to do all kinds of things,
you know.
Somebody said,
"Sonya, why don't you get
"yourself an older guy?"
I had a sugar daddy last summer,
that was pretty wild.
He was sweet.
He was a 300 pound diabetic, 
is what he was.
I just—
I could not give him the shots.
I'm a comedian,
not a nurse, you know.
My hands were shaking like I had a
Stevie Nicks reunion tour about
to happen with my tambourine.
♪ Wait a minute baby ♪
You know, I was like, wow.
Oh gosh.
I'm just— 
It was too hard for me.
I wish I could play an instrument.
Anybody in here?
I don't know if you guys are
musically inclined, are you?
I love that!
I mean I can kinda fake my way,
kinda (making harmonica sounds).
You know, something that way.
(audience cheering)
You guys take me
camping with you.
All right, all right.
Yeah, either that or even a—
I'm kind of telling a little fib.
I did learn to play the recorder
in the Girl Scouts.
Anybody else?
Remember that one?
(making recorder sounds)
Yeah, loved to play that recorder, 
it's you know.
It's so much fun. I just—
That was something
I always wanted to do,
is learn to play an instrument,
so that one I had down, 
'cause you know,
I was a Girl Scout, I told you that.
It's kind of like music 
you hear when you get a massage.
Do you guys ever indulge?
Do you?
You go get a massage, you know,
you got your face in
this little doughnut thing,
you know what I'm talking about?
You got your face in and—
(making recorder sounds)
You're just trying to relax, you know.
Do some deep breathing.
(making recorder sounds)
I love that wind instrument.
My therapist got relaxed,
because all of the sudden she
had her own winded instrument.
(blowing raspberries)
(audience laughing)
She did not just do
what I think she did.
Oh my word.
Oh no, now my sinuses
are clearing up.
(audience laughing)
What is this, aromatherapy?
I am not paying extra for that.
(making recorder sounds)
That's all I wanted to hear.
All I have is a little dog.
You guys dog people, cat people?
Mostly dog people?
Man, living in Chicago,
everybody, they had small dogs.
(dog noises)
Chihuahuas
(dog noises)
Maltese.
(making dog whimpering noises)
Biggest dog in my building
was a Beagle, like—
(barking)
I know, it's weird that I could
do these dog barks, I know,
(audience laughing)
but you know, it's just so crazy.
It had come in handy
and I'm just trying 
to tell you guys, you know,
one night somebody tried
to break into my apartment
and I'm sitting there,
eating a bag of popcorn,
the window comes up and
I see this foot starting
to manage its way through.
You know what I did?
(barking)
(squealing)
(barking)
I should've messed with
that burglar, shouldn't I?
(neighing)
(audience laughing)
(making animal noises)
Thank you, guys, thank you!
okay this young woman is pointing to
this young man oh she made you sit in
the front row and you were saying no you
know what I want you to be comfortable
so I don't have to talk to you okay
no seriously talk to me sir what is her
name Allah come on come on where are you
from Los Angeles meet you know why do I
know it's why I was able to call that
real estate guy I'm gonna get back to
you I want to know make some noise if
you're from Los Angeles now make some
noise of you and those same people make
some noise for your parents or from Los
Angeles okay those same people make some
noise if your grandparents are from Los
Angeles just me I'm a third generation
los Angelino my grandmother's phone
number when she was here was 59
50 not that's how long and how do you do
in Los Angeles motorcycle mechanic I can
name six motorcycle guys six guys police
[Music]
[Applause]
Kawasaki Ducati BMW Suzuki okay the
woman in the front row literally you're
the biggest English teacher lives
Portland is important with the person
she's like Suzuki I may say don't judge
a book by it's cover Ross and in your
case I did judge Europe your cover and
it was right so sometimes you know but
not always you can do it too that we
didn't okay um okay motorcycle mechanic
that is pretty rock and roll that's
pretty broad can roll you know my dad
when I was little he bought yet he had
motorcycles and he had he bought one off
of a cop or a Jetta that little too and
he got a sidecar and he put me in the
sidecar when I was like six and we'd go
on the 405
wow that's probably in hindsight why did
okay what the hell and people thought
that he was a cop and we would just
speed through it and you know is that
funny no it's just sentimental and I
think
connecting tonight that that's great um
I just you know I don't think there's
pressure to roast these these guys you
know that's like comedian roasts Eckler
how about comedian box with heckler Oh
comedian empathizes with Hagler where's
that you - I do was I getting clicks
maybe no wanna freak show they want the
world to burn
[Applause]
[Music]
I I like I go back to Boston quite a bit
and uh and all my friends back there you
know they're married and I've been
thinking a lot lately about wanting to
wanting to do that myself and at the
time when my friends in Boston got
married this was ten years ago
I wasn't ready and the guy I was with
was like you know whenever you're ready
just say the word and I had no idea what
the word was but I was petrified I might
say it by accident so I got out of them
but I feel like my idea of marrying a
rich man hasn't changed but my idea of
rich certainly has I used to always I
used to get people talking about their
boats in a bag oh that guy's got boat
money good to know
the other day I saw someone I know
coming out of the dentist I was like oh
dentists money Wow good to know
good to know but I feel like I got to
work on it you know now it's gonna be
harder I'm older I feel like I miss my
my window of opportunity to be like a
trophy wife you know now I'd be like a
bowling trophy but I do feel like when
guys find out how old I am they start
looking at me a little more closely like
suddenly they're contemplating buying a
vintage convertible you know you know
like now it's in good shape
moves fast I like that
looks great with the top off there's
really no way knowing how many owners
this thing has had how long the body's
gonna keep up I have a funny feeling I
might have to throw a lot of money into
this thing I I do I really do want to
get married at the dating now is
terrible you know when I was in my 20s
it was it was easier and I feel like I
was a lot more aggressive than my 20s
you know my 20s a guy would give me his
business card I'd call him if you didn't
call me back and shoot him an email you
know I was like oh there's nothing wrong
with a woman pursuing a man maybe I'd
stop by his place of employment drama an
application you know it's not a crime
for a woman to go after what she wants
turns out it is that's called stalking
harassment
but I just said this is a thing it's
tough to date nowadays I mean I went on
an app I was being very honest I would
say lonely control-freak
seeks man a few words her romantic game
assignment says you know and I wasn't
getting very fun it's hard to find a
good one you know I want a good one
I've waited this long I went out with a
guy halfway through the meal he turns to
me and he goes that's not your natural
color that's fake but my hair
oh my go you got me I'm busted my
haircolor is fake but you didn't pick up
on all those fake laughs earlier did you
know you didn't got you then if you want
to watch my special for 99 cents click
here if you want to see more of my Clips
click here
like it just click it you got to click
something
they're telling me they're going to
change some of the nfl teams i'm sure
you men have heard about that
talking about changing the redskins
because they're offensive to native
americans
and i'm thinking the teams is one place
to start but maybe they should start
with the cheers
because when we were in school those
were offensive
you look like you were a cheerleader
ma'am you know
you were right i could tell you could
you can see cheerleaders forever
but those cheers were offensive you guys
remember remember be aggressive
be aggressive stop you can't do that
anymore
now you got to be like passive
aggressive
p.a.s.s.i.v
everybody's a winner
what about go bananas you remember go
bananas
go bananas
you're supposed to spell it alexa spell
bananas for these people
b-a-n-a-n you can't do that anymore you
got to stop
you can't do that you got to be like go
bananas or whatever fruit you choose to
identify as that's fine
whatever you ever
if you want to be a kumquat you go ahead
and be a kung fu that's fine
we're all with you on this
go bananas that's so funny you guys
stopped at spelling you're like no
saturday night we're not doing homework
we're not gonna spell for you we
appreciate you guys being here
and uh not staying home watching bad
reality television
anybody still watching survivor
we just voted you out of the show
it's like hours of your life you're
never getting back
ever yeah it's like the 38th or 39th
season
that's insane right and you watch it you
know those people don't get skinny and
scrawny on an island
like all on their own it's not natural
we were born and raised on island
history the skipper was on the island
ten years
[Music]
he didn't lose one pound did he
it's fake
if i was online if they did big girl
versus little girl survivor would you
would you guys vote for me
[Applause]
can you see me and be like it's susan
and jeff day five
we haven't seen little becky in three
days
susan have you seen becky
technically jeff there's a little bit of
becky in all of us
i'm a sharer
did you hear that girl say she ate becky
she ate her
you
I I recently a really big pregnancy
scare in my life let's talk about that
for a second
girls a couple days late you know so we
decide to go to Walgreens at four in the
morning to the pregnancy test which
given done that recently that's living
pretty exhilarating give it a shot if
you haven't uh well we're going down
there and like she's putting on her coat
in her shoes and she looks at me and she
goes I think she was gonna make me look
stupid and I'm like ruin the Walgreens
at 4:00 in the morning here a pregnancy
test judgments gonna happen what's going
down like that you know you show up in
our Sunday best we're still gonna look
dumb right and so we're going down there
like she's all job you like cracking up
about the whole thing like I'm freaking
out I'm like we need to figure this out
I need to see if I can still have dreams
okay see what's see what's going on
uh-huh and we get there we're walking
through the aisles and we get the test
and you get on the way home like let's
just go home I figure this out see
what's going on and on the way home
she's like hey we should stop for some
McDonald's breakfast really that's on
your mind right now you go for a sausage
biscuit maybe some hashbrowns something
good I'm thinking I go for flight of
stairs or pair my best kicking shoes and
the straight I got dreams to fulfill all
right I think I was extra pair up
because I love catching that show didn't
know it's pregnant on Discovery Health
[ __ ] that show by the way I don't who
decided that's an entertaining idea but
it's not I don't know if you've seen the
show basically what it does it showcases
women who show no signs of being
pregnant and then they dump out a kid
and it's a nightmare on television
everyone do enjoy some how could you
imagine that happening to you ladies
that's intense like you're going home
tonight you're in the bathroom on the
toilet like all right here comes the
carne asada it's a kid holy [ __ ] you
just crapped 18 years responsibility
that sucks I'm mad when it takes more
than 20 minutes you know I'm just
probably getting like a lot of my
friends having kids now which is fine if
you have a new kid just realize not
everyone else cares as much you know
what I mean
and here's thing also if you have a new
kid here's the thing once your kids over
a year old let's go ahead and use years
the agent measurement how is your kid is
right because I'll try to be nice to
make hey I want your baby they're 36
months I don't know [ __ ] that means
was he nine years old oh no third grade
math on the spot right now
that's why I can't wait to have my own
kid it's like I have my revenge you know
okay hi what's your baby there 4,000
days go screw yourself oh we have a
calculator
my mom's on my case all the time to date
Jewish guys she's like why you're not
faith Jewish and I'm like I can't say
Jewish guys right because they're ugly
they're so gross-looking last time I did
show a guy stood up like hey wait a
minute and everyone looked and he was
just like this troll like case in point
sorry I did date I did date a Jewish guy
that was like very very fat and I I
missed him so much you guys cuz we had
the most amazing snacks they were
delicious and I when I was in college I
dated a guy who ended up breaking up
with me knee told me he was gonna move
to New York City to become a gay
violinist
it was so hard telling my friends
they're like Esther how do you turn a
guy violinist hey I had no idea that he
was gay like you just don't know there's
clothes like he I don't know is this gay
he would tweeze his eyebrows and pencil
them in and then wax his [ __ ] but
besides that he was like very much and
he liked very gay foods he liked like
pickles bananas popsicle like anything
could shove up his ass
purpose I'd say he was like very strange
so, at the gym you do 
have three choices.
I do wanna look good.
I take care of myself, really,
(audience laughing)
so, you have three choices.
I don't know if you guys know this.
You can exercise,
eat less,
wear pantyhose.
(audience laughing)
Pantyhose
and not just one pair, sir, two.
(audience laughing)
In case the first one blows out.
Boom!
That's not feedback.
That's my first pair of
rebellious pantyhose.
(audience laughing)
Right?
Yeah, it's true.
That noise.
That's the pantyhose.
Right?
The pantyhose are great.
Anybody wear pantyhose?
Don't know if you're going to heaven.
(audience laughing)
I don't know,
so, I'm on my way to church
and I'm running
into the grocery store
after I've yelled at the kids.
Get in the car, we're going to church,
we're gonna learn about God.
(audience laughing)
Get in the van!
Right now!
You get to church and you're like this.
"How are you?"
I am too blessed to be stressed.
(audience laughing)
Didn't you just
backhand your husband?
Yes I did,
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
so, I'm going to church.
I'm wearing a dress.
This was a while back
and because that 
wearing the dress requires all sorts
of commitment, like shaving.
(audience laughing)
Now I wear pants,
because here's what I say,
if you can't shave it, braid it,
(audience laughing)
so, I run into the grocery store
and I'm always kind of a 
well behaved, laid back person.
That's why my husband says,
"The kids don't know 
"if you're kidding or not."
Here's my not-kidding face,
(hissing)
so, I went into the grocery store.
There's Bob's son,
Bob Junior, he's on his cellphone.
He's the manager and 
he's texting, he doesn't look up
and I said, I'm running late to church,
I need to get some pantyhose.
Do you know
where the pantyhose are?
I'm running late to church.
I need to get the pantyhose.
Where are the pantyhose?
He goes, "what?"
I said,
pantyhose.
He goes, "Oh, I don't think
"they make those anymore."
(audience laughing)
I said, really, how would you
rob a bank?
(audience laughing)
I said, why don't you search it up?
(audience laughing)
So, I get out of there,
I get the pantyhose
'cause they're great.
I love pantyhose.
If you ever wear a sleeveless shirt,
and your arms aren't tanned,
just some knee highs.
Boom.
(audience laughing)
Mommy, your arms 
are really shimmery,
so are my legs.
Matching pantyhose and knee highs.
4th of July.
Boom.
(audience laughing)
She's writing that down.
(audience laughing)
I love the pantyhose.
I grew up in church.
I go to church as often as possible.
You need to be in church, 
even if you don't think you do.
I don't know if you know
about the church people
but we're not—we're not really—
well the church people,
we're not really,
what's the word I'm looking for?
Flexible.
(audience laughing)
Have you ever met church people?
Yeah.
Are you one of the church people?
(audience laughing)
Yeah, I'm really particular 
about my church
and I'm like very particular
and I get there two hours early 
and I come in,
and then somebody is sitting there.
I go, hi, it's Cindy?
Yeah.
So good to meet you, I'm Karen.
You must be a visitor.
(audience laughing)
From out of town,
'cause we pay cash for those seats.
(audience laughing)
You can watch us online.
God bless you.
(audience laughing)
Right?
I've got my church parking
and then if you're really close to God,
you spread out your stuff
to save seats at church.
Your Bible and of course your
15 love offering envelopes
and then you get back and somebody
has moved
your love offering envelope.
I'm like, I have to sit up front, sir,
to see if I need to touch up my roots
'cause we have a camera in the back.
I'm like, oh, I gotta hit that 
with some Clorox.
(audience laughing)
Somebody's like,
"Is that your natural hair color?"
I'm like, yeah, I wrote
a natural check for it.
(audience laughing)
Natural.
My son, one day, he goes,
"Mommy, I think you need
"to go get some more white
"added to your black." 
I'm like, this is caramel,
(audience laughing)
but, in our churches now,
church is so different now.
Churches have a latte bar, right?
They have a coffee bar.
I'm not really sure what's going on
at the coffee places in America.
Do you guys go get coffee?
He's like, no,
we have never had coffee.
We are drinking water 
from the mountain.
(audience laughing)
We would not put
that poison in my . . .
I drink water all the time
over coffee beans.
(audience laughing)
It's the best water ever.
a couple months ago I went through a
breakup it sucked but I was dries how it
went down I'm driving around my student
abhi ex-boyfriend and we get into some
shitty ass fight he says something dumb
and I was just like you know [ __ ] this
guy and I'm driving my car and I was
like you know what I can't do this
anymore I know we have a lot of fun
together but I'm not actually having fun
with you anymore
and I have nothing but respect and love
for you but I can't do this anymore we
pull up in front of his apartment and I
said you know what no your darkness is
becoming my darkness and I can no longer
bear to carry the weight of your demons
after I saw those I damn [ __ ] you're so
smart I was beautiful but then he
started crying and then he said then I
started crying after he started crying
and I'm in front of his house and I was
just like you [ __ ] get out of the car
just go just we need to break up now and
he was like babe no please I don't want
to break up now please let's just be
together one last time just come into my
apartment I just want to be with you one
last time and I was like no no are you
kidding me look around there is there is
nowhere to park
[Laughter]
never any parking in your neighborhood
and it was like babe no it's it's okay
we're gonna find a spot I'll help you
find a spot no it's just like not fun
okay
so we're driving around his neighborhood
and we're looking for parking and we're
also crying at fighting but also trying
to read all the parking signs how was I
all right honey [ __ ] you for one second
but also help me figure this out no
parking from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Monday Wednesday Friday towaway zone
from 3 p.m. to 12 a.m. every other
Monday of the month permit parking only
from 12 a.m. to 12 p.m. what the foot
why is it so hard and he was like babe
it's okay just drive down Willoughby
there's always parking on Willoughby I
was like oh hell no there better be then
so we drive down Willoughby and we
finally find a little spot and he's like
alright you can park there's you park in
that spot and I was like I can't [ __ ]
I'm at the parallel park and you know
that I'm bad at that it was like it's
okay I'll help you sorry alright that's
the first time you'd ever offer to help
me with anything but let's start now so
he gets out of the car and he's crying
and I'm inside of my car crying we're
both just crying but he's also trying to
back me up into this spot so I'm looking
in the rearview and he's like alright
baby feel like you've got this just like
a little bit is like just don't hit the
kerb just like don't [ __ ] don't hit
the kerb and I was like I'm not gonna
hit the [ __ ] kerb and I hit the curb
because I always do
[Music]
mm-hmm but we park and I get onto my car
and we walked back to his apartment and
we're kind of silent and crying and we
get aside and we sit on his bed and he
looks at me and he takes my hands and he
says you know if this is the end I just
want to let you know like there are so
many things that we didn't get to do
together we never went to that dope taco
truck by my dad's you never came to one
of my dodgeball games we never even did
anal and I don't know if you guys have
ever tried to get out of a relationship
and ended up doing anal instead but it
is not worth the $75 parking ticket that
I got on willaby knee
[Applause]
[Music]
you
I recently got engaged guys did I just
got engaged I got engaged a year and a
half ago we've moved the wedding twice
it's going really well dreams can come
true no it's been a really weird time
getting engaged because when you're a
very strong and independent woman you
kind of don't feel like you need to ever
get married I don't know how to explain
that but I'll try uh when I got engaged
at first we had been together for like
seven years already so the first month I
could look down at my ring and I'd be
like oh my god I'm gonna be a wife like
pat on the back I earned something
it's like thousands of you know
it's like a lot of so much work I like I
earned that you know like what was this
like a thousand dollars like I should
should be way bigger but after like a
month I was like man I don't have to be
a wife and I started thinking
about it a little bit more and I was
like I'm really ready for that and
because I'm a woman and we're crazy uh I
started looking for a reason to not get
married and I started snooping through
his ship for the first time in my life
and I found something which is always a
fun day when you're looking through
you shouldn't be like you either and you
actually find something you're like oh
thank god
thank God I found something otherwise
this would just be me be crazy on
computer there was a folder labeled PRN
RM and all caps
PRN RM and I was staring at it for a
couple minutes I'm like perm room oh
that's porn room without the O's because
men are so clever
porn room right so I click on it I'm mad
I'm like what is gonna be in this is
this is weird porn collection right I
start watching it and clicking on the
episodes or whatever it is that you
called porn and it was something called
X art does anybody in here know what X
art is okay google it tonight it's gonna
make your day X art is beautiful
relationship porn mixed reactions I
understand cuz it's really
confusing beautiful relationship report
the first episode I watched it was this
couple on the beach making love and they
were like caressing each other there was
wind and sand there was like rose petals
on the ground there's candles lit their
shear they're just making love they're
making actual love it was like beautiful
I was thoroughly disgusted it was the
first time I ever watched porn and
thought oh my god I am the problem
have you been too rough on this guy all
these years all he wanted was some
gentle love he's masturbating to
affection I'm gonna be a terrible wife
you guys have been a lot of fun I'm
Natasha pearl Hanson
[Applause]
[Music]
but anyway I feel fine and and I am and
it's my hormones
I have no testosterone I went to the
doctor and no testosterone no
progesterone I have way too much
estrogen which evidently makes you
bitter and angry and hateful that's what
my family says I think they're bitter
and hateful annoying but it has messed
up my weight and all that well they and
I've been eating white flour but lately
I have been on every diet in the world
I've done everything I've done whole 30
I've done South Beach I can't I have
done Weight Watchers or it I praise God
that Weight Watchers doesn't have a
limit on how many times you can join
because I have joined Weight Watchers
nine times and lost seven pounds and all
come to find out you have to follow a
program I know that but I go because the
meetings are funny and it's like it's
like going to a comedy club
it really is it's like a a but it's for
people who eat their emotions and that's
who I am
I eat my emotions like my husband would
come home and the kids would be fighting
and he'd say something like what have
you done all day and I'd eat a hot dog
and I don't even know where it came from
well I had to to keep from drinking
whiskey I don't want to get hooked on
whiskey with little children so so I
joined whitewater so many times and this
last time
Oprah bought it and they hit Oprah on TV
and she's twirling pasta on a fork and
running through tall grass and I thought
if she can do it I can do it
no so no turns out no for the ninth time
but what the deal is is they give you a
point value on food so fruits and
vegetables are free yeah you don't care
really and like a piece of beef at the
size of a credit card there's like five
points or something like that you don't
want any of that you're so hungry when
you start that you could eat the
wallpaper off the walls you want a
Snickers bar but they're like 12 points
my sister goes on it every time I do and
she'll call me and she'll say it's noon
and I've eaten all my points oh yo I've
done every kind of exercise in the world
and when I was young age I was so
gung-ho and I wanted to go and do and I
wanted to be firm and tone and then one
day I just said I don't care but
and that's a good feeling to mine when I
was y'all saying John was big into
CrossFit do y'all have CrossFit here
[Applause]
hope y'all don't end up in the boot all
right it is bad mama jamma and they came
to Knoxville and they these young boys
in their early 20s opened it up and they
were darling and they both had little
Fanny's that look like baseballs and I
wanted I wanted my Fanny to look like a
baseball so I got my good friend Becky
bacon I joined CrossFit together but
those of you don't know it's like
military moves push-ups pull-ups that
kind of thing they'd put a big tractor
tire in the parking lot and they'd sit
back in it and I'd pull her across the
parking lot while she held her purse
well these boys came to us one day and
they said hey we're going to have a
contest and whoever wins it gets three
months of free training and it's gonna
be up for the women and for the men it's
gonna last ten weeks we're gonna take
your before and after picture and then
the whole gyms gonna vote on whose body
has changed the most we were like yes so
one day we show up didn't know it was
picture day I had on a horrible looking
sports bra that had lost all of its
support and I should have I should have
been stit the night before and had a
great tint to it and it really wasn't
gray it was white and
and if I'd have known it was gonna
picture day I'd have gotten spray tan
but anyway we get it they said take your
top off to me and banky and they go just
leave on your sports bra in your spandex
and we're gonna take your picture and I
was like whoa wait a minute
and I didn't want those little boys to
not ever want to marry and have children
baking me and you we're going in the
back I said I'm taking Becky's pictured
she'll take mine so we went in the back
in the back room and Becky went and I
said what are you doing with binky don't
you want to win this thing I want to win
it so I took my spandex and shoved it
under my stomach
[Applause]
oh it was a sight these kids put it on
the internet because that's what kids do
so if y'all google it and you see this
poor woman with her head cut off with
these two feed sacks oh it was a sight
but what they sing it they go okay
you're and when I saw that I thought oh
my gosh you are what you ate and I look
like a big bun is what I look like but
they said you're going to eat paleo and
it's what God put upon the earth to
sustain us so if you can run it down and
kill it dig it out of a ground pick it
off of a bush you can eat it so that's
lean meats fruits vegetables nuts
berries and seeds that's no green no
green no dairy when's the last time any
of y'all ever got off of white flour
anybody oh when you still can Yale
good for you oh my gosh I hit the shakes
making on both were shaking we drink a
bunch of coffee then we had to have our
teeth whitened anyway my husband said
you were so hateful will you please need
a piece of white bread I mean it was
awful I mean I'm never I mean oh how
horrible so I need to get off a heroin I
mean and I don't know what that's like
but I watched shaft when I was little
and I remember it being a booger when
somebody had to get off a heroin this
felt similar it may not have been anyway
they took the after picture and a huh
made sure I had a spray tan let me tell
you that honey because the spray tan
takes 12 pounds off of you anyway I had
a spray tan I had on a really cute
sports bra in spending and I took mine
and I'm ashamed to tell you on but I won
that thing
[Applause]
thank you I'm so ashamed but y'all are
giving me that love I know y'all are
thinking what happened Lian Yu
I'll tell you what happened I spotted a
tortilla that's what happened thank
y'all so much for watching my special
now I need you to watch my entire
special for $0.99 and then click it and
then I need you to watch more clips and
then click it and I don't know what
you're supposed to be clicking but they
tell the young people are telling me I
don't understand but just click it
so we are there any married couples out
there yeah yeah wait why wait why is
that so funny are you about to propose
did I just blow it up i hears I feel
like the big difference between being
married and being single is like where
sex is coming from like you never know
where it's coming from at least if
you're married like if you're married
sex is like when you go bowling and you
put like the bumpers on the side it's
like you're gonna get a couple down like
you know I mean when you're single you
just like don't you don't know where you
don't know where it's coming from like
it could be two days it could be 367
days I mean not that I've ever counted
that number I've counted that number it
I feel like when you're single sex is a
lot more like Tetris right we're like
you just build up these like two really
long towers on either side of the screen
you're just waiting for that that long
skinny one to come down the middle I
leave some of the tension I have one
last thing I want to ask you guys it's
sort of like a poll how do you feel
about [ __ ] perfect perfect answer
she's like you're married you're like
you get a [ __ ] three times a year I
count them and it's only when I've two
bottles of wine deep okay my only good
[ __ ] I just feel like they've been
miss named I'd like to rename them blow
internships is that okay with you guys I
realized it's more of a mouthful but you
know we're talking about mouthfuls
because when you start a blow internship
you're like what am i doing this sucks
and then somewhere in the middle you're
like you know I see my work is being
appreciated
I do wish I was being financially
compensated in some way and then at the
end you're like wow that was really
demeaning but I feel like having done it
is gonna help me with my future
endeavors
[Music]
i didn'ti one guy that I dated for a
little while though and it started okay
he was really cute he had long hair I
was getting into it and I was sexy and
then under the third date he showed up
in pigtails oh my god if you thought a
man bun was bad try opening your door to
Pippi Longstocking Wow not sexy and it
was early on we hadn't had sex yet and
then I was really worried because I was
like what is going to be the situation
down here
honestly that's cornrowed a mouse right
if it looks like you're smuggling Coolio
down there I know he was this hippie
like long-haired guy he was a vegetarian
and vegetarians none of you guys know
this about yourselves but you are pretty
[ __ ] annoying oh my god I had this
guy was out of control he wouldn't eat
at McDonald's would you think makes
sense cuz he's a vegetarian but he
wouldn't eat the french fries he said
they had meat in them really the burgers
don't even have meat man have some
McNuggets I think they're rubber pants
they are definitely not meat he really
tried to convert me all the time though
like he tried to make me a vegetarian he
made me watch videos of animals what
happens to them before they become food
I watching these videos they're so
depressing I became a vegetarian for
like two hours and then a meatlovers
Pizza showed up and it was over I don't
know well to her right the only time I
wanted to be a vegetarian is when he
wanted a [ __ ] I started to be like
duh no meat yeah
your rolls buddy
pissed yourself
[Music]
it is tough I'm telling you and I'm not
even trying to be like it's just like I
just like big people want to lose weight
you know skinny [ __ ] want to date you
know what I'm saying it's tough I'm
serious look you see this bruise right
here today the wind what the [ __ ] the
wind I'm all bruised up and [ __ ] look
like I got my ass whooped by the wind
I caught a breeze it's tough the one
good thing I will say I will say during
the summertime all my friends are all
right look the books the mosquitoes it
was good like they don't seem to bother
me
I think the mosquito gets one good look
at me they're like a keyframe bro
somebody don't suck this [ __ ] try keep
playing she's dry the boys don't got to
this [ __ ] let's go let's go it has
hindered me in the chest Department
sucks would have eliminated some
confusion some of you guys thought it
was a boy until they made that comment
right there was awesome novels like I
told you he was a she it's tough though
man and I get it I don't make it any
easier you know how I dress it's all
good I own it [ __ ] it right but it's
just [ __ ] happens all the time I was
doing the club and ice outside of there
of Chicago and I'm running in there like
when you're up so I'm running straight
down I'm like I gotta use the bathroom
find a good bathroom and I hear a group
of guys go I said if I knew that I was
more Harris I'm not thinking right so I
keep walking and I hear it again it's
just so funny all those manners and I'm
like God
[Music]
and I sound like alright whatever like
people are gonna hear one more time
before I wonder your assassin buy
another lesson today's same somebody
saying in Spanish that's the ladies
bathroom and I'm like what the [ __ ] I
know they're not talking to me I'm
obviously a girl right when I fixed my
tie and I kept walking it wasn't I was
in the bathroom and it good you got I
was hovering ladies don't sit all right
oh my god it hits me I'm like that guy
was talking to me hilarious and
embarrassing all at once so now in the
restaurant like what do i do should I
say something and what would I even say
like what do I say anything to this dude
do I come out like what do I do grab my
shirt thanks for [ __ ] tight like does
it come out I was like should I say so
get it on like man [ __ ] how the balls
[Applause]
come on I did come on ball on purpose I
came off super [ __ ] curly I did come
on I was like go put a visa muchachos
[Music]
sometimes though it's always cool to me
when you know from a very early point in
a relationship someone knows that it's
going to work out you know every once in
a while you like see a guy at a wedding
and he'll pull out this note and he'll
be like I wrote this note the very first
day I met you any reason off and it's
super romantic it was great but then at
the same time you also know that for
like every guy like that there's like
eight other guys who wrote that same
note and then just totally got dumped
they just like do I keep this note now I
would have I guess we could get back
together there would be a cool story
like I almost threw this note away it
makes a great writing sample well well
written I don't know they look like it
what are you doing that situation do you
throw away that stuff or do you just
like keep it forever with the hope the
things will work out you know is that
how you become a hoarder
maybe hoarders are just the most
romantic people ever you know the only
difference is they keep those notes
forever you know like as soon as I met
you I never wanted to forget a single
day so I started collecting every single
newspaper from every day for the last 20
years so romantic I don't know if you
get dumped I say you keep the note I
think it's a great souvenir it's
basically the romantic equivalent of
like one of those Super Bowl t-shirts
they make for the losing team
it's a great souvenir nothing keep it
I'm feeling good tonight hope I'm
looking good thank you thank you yeah
these are new jeans so where I'm special
for you guys they're tight it's a lot
they're really tight uh but they are
called curvy skinny so spread the word
ladies we really can't have it all
that's right
skinny jeans yeah wearing them I regret
it already I'm not gonna lie
okay skinny jeans we all wear them but
in a few years I think we're gonna
regret it you guys people who say they
live their life with no regrets have
clearly never caught a glimpse of
themselves and the Walmart security
camera when you're walking in in a pair
of skinny jeans yeah
90% of that footage is people looking up
all confident till they see themselves
and they scurry away skinny jeans are
the acid-washed jeans of the 21st
century they're gonna make fun of them
in flashback scenes and sitcoms our kids
are gonna look at pictures on us and be
like oh my gosh mom you know the same
way you did when you saw your mom and
those Janet Jackson shoulder pads
you still wear um is that what you just
said you are a brave woman but you know
I bet nobody messes with you you don't
even fit through the door it's amazing
and we wear our skinny jeans so tight I
mean heaven forbid we go up a size and I
get circulation in my calves again I
mean really and I will get into my
skinny jeans you know that move we all
do it this move every time we get out of
the car we're like Oh only time I ever
do a lunge is when I'm trying my skinny
jeans now we will fight to get in them
we're not going up a size no way we're
getting in them we're an erisa llem
we're gonna get em in and then suddenly
you've ripped a belt loop
well I guess I have to buy these now
a couple of men in the audience I see
you acting like you don't know what I'm
talking about please
men's genes are getting tighter and
tighter we're one season away from
girlfriend fit for men and I'm gonna
hate them cuz they are gonna look better
on him that they do on me which is rude
okay
ladies you ever thought like oh this
will be so cute I'm gonna put on my
boyfriend or my husband's jeans only to
get them caught like right here
turns out I'm whiter than I thought for
a long time I was like I'm only gonna
marry someone who has bigger legs than
me I was single for a while guys
sometimes you just gotta lower the bar
you really do it's just the best thing
to do subscribe to drive our comedy for
even more of the world's largest
collection of clean comedy
my agent tells me that I need to be on
TV he said hey golly I can put you on
Dancing with the Stars doing what you
guys I can't dance and I'm not a star
and that makes me perfect with that show
he said hey I can put you on The
Bachelor big deal I've been on few
bachelors
I don't need an agent for that thank you
he said well as long as you do comedy
don't do any racist jokes because you
know it can damage your career I told
him don't worry I don't have any career
I do have friends my best friend
seriously they're married couple the
wife is from India and her husband is
from Pakistan I told them why you guys
are much made in heaven
Indian and Pakistan that's like half
7-eleven half 9/11 I lost 50 percent of
you oh thank you
they are already % are still with me
craziest over there do you know those
people who sneeze in your face and say
it's just allergy I punch them in the
face and say it's just anger one night I
was getting dressed to go out with
someone then he called me last minute
and he said oh I don't want to take you
to this club because over there men are
just gonna try and get into your pants I
said okay I'll wear a skirt
we were dating for a while but we were
not a good match he was a Gemini and I
was married then I went on a date with
someone who told me oh you're a comedian
and you guys are all bipolar I said
that's not true we are sad lol I was
taking a guy who called me a cougar yeah
so rude those teenagers oh my god I was
fed and if you guys heard but Colorado
passed two laws recently maybe a year
ago gay marriage and legalized marijuana
or the same day oh yeah I know you guys
and it makes sense even the Bible says
if a man lies with another man they
should be stoned I love you guys
thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
I look a little bit like Scarlett
Johansson let me to my glasses oh I look
a little bit like Scarlett Johansson if
she was in a house fire that only burned
off her tits
all of her money and enough of her face
for her to not be Scarlett Johansson but
it's okay I'm fine with it I'm cool not
having big boobs because I'm pretty sure
if I had big boobs I would not be doing
stand-up comedy because I would be off
somewhere having big boobs popping them
around getting money thrown I'm I don't
know what you guys do sounds like a
terrible life but I'm glad I don't have
I'm up here working on my personality
I'm not doing a very good job but I'm
trying okay thank you for feeling bad
for me I like to flash firefighters cuz
they're awesome but last time I did it
you put your shirt down inside it put
the hose on me
I'm scram get out of here thank you for
your service I tried on a bra Victoria's
Secrets how the bombshell bra ads to
full cup sizes which is an insane
improvement it's crazy
it's like the ultimate in disappointment
look a guy sees me at a bar he's like
I'm on a titty [ __ ] I'm on a titty [ __ ]
I'm at a titty [ __ ] and then I take him
home like you've been pranked not an
option it's like I just wanted to
motorboat I'm like well you can
shipwreck those are your options
I have a friend Maria who has cerebral
palsy so she's in a wheelchair and she
can't really use her arms very well we
went to the beach last summer and I
helped her get into her swimsuit I'd
never seen her without her shirt on
before and boy does she have the best
tits I've ever seen in my life like Lady
got nothing on our [ __ ]
the perfect boobs I've never seen better
boobs in my entire life and I like
looked at I was like haha that's [ __ ]
up
here's Maria confined to a wheelchair
with cerebral palsy and perfect tits and
Here I am walking around with cerebral
palsy tits
can we Freaky Friday just the tits
no we have to trade full bodies aren't
Maria get ready to walk I'm both those
twos she was like I have seen you
topless I'll stay
for thousands of great stand-up comedy
videos visit the new Laugh Factory
dot-com
you know I got carded in Vegas recently
it's not that funny
guarded note was the sitting out of
blackjack table and the pit boss asked
me for my idea and I was like oh okay
so I gave it to him he looks at it and
he looks at me and he looks at it he's
like come on this can't be right he goes
yeah but a hundred and three pounds like
doesn't everyone lie on their drivers
license wait he goes well within reason
ma'am I mean the Venetian Hotel they're
so honest there I went into the bathroom
at the Venetian it's a fancy bathroom
they have a fancy bathroom attendant and
she was standing there with like a tray
of like gum and cigarettes and perfume
and and I walked in and she was like
hello and I was like hi so I go the
bathroom come out of the stall and right
away she like hands me a paper towel
she's like
and I'm like okay right away I felt
obligated to wash my hands get out there
and Gamble I'm a compulsive gambler and
I was at the blackjack table and I'm
sitting there and this guy sits down
next to me he's really cute and I was
like you know what I've been in a
relationship for seven years I'm in
Vegas why not flirt you know like why
not get some attention and I was like
flirting with him and he was not not
having it and then out of bukas yeah I
haven't had sex with a woman in five
years and I was like oh great
Just My Luck he's married
[Applause]
[Music]
a huge round of applause for the Laugh
Factory for allowing gay people to be in
public as a gay woman at the Trump
regime I realized I've lived it
tonight's to speak in public
oh my god me up here with my opinions
jacket down very exciting it's a great
time to be a life with the stuff going
on outside so much fun every day you
turn on the news and you're like ah goal
anyway
good lots of stuff bring it back cold
why not we're all [ __ ] anyway I've
decided how I'm going to survive the
next four years is I'm gonna be there
I'm gonna be there I'm gonna be there I
have got to be there yeah we've just
confirmed that most of you are straight
at the game show up here's the thing I
don't know exactly what that means more
flannel something I'm gonna figure it
out then you started a Underground
Railroad to get the teams out of the
South Hall up to an anvil during a
softball game I am not gonna lie I have
been drunk since two membranes I have to
piss every day just created marching
March - drink it drink it drink it barks
- take half bar tape
your March we need we need to lock
though these shows are fantastic they're
really hard because I'm not gonna lie
hello hello I think we probably all did
loose the low real low second week of
December and I was in my apartment and I
know you guys don't know me but I've a
positive person with a lot of positive
and sitting on my couch and had my
indoor Crocs and that is the case sense
maybe ever of all time so I'm sitting
there I'm a croc son and then go to just
just kind of feel it just just like this
general malaise just as depression about
Trump and all these folk torrents and
I'm sitting on the couch and I go to
stand up and my Cronk got stuck between
the coffee table and the couch cuz
they're malleable and my body kept going
my body kept going I don't know if you
have fallen recently as an adult but
it's terrifying
it's absolutely terrible my tired my to
smash down on them on the hardwood floor
and I was like oh my god I broke broke
broke muscle
never happened in Hillary up just
sagging I just snap there was so
depressed on the couch I just had like a
frozen organic bag of peas I just
addressed just defrosted by processing
so I'm gonna put the TV on and get some
relief but on CNN it's like Trump's new
pick for Secretary of Defense's Captain
Jack Sparrow
[Music]
I've been volunteering a lot at my kids
school I've been volunteering a lot that
my kids do at my and my son was getting
in trouble in gym class you get in
trouble the gym teacher came to me and
like excuse me mrs. Bryant son once sit
down crisscross applesauce I thought why
you making him sit down to eat his
applesauce if he wants to stand up in
his applesauce he should be able to
stand up he's like no he's not sitting
down and crossing his legs good to me
like Indians I know you can't say Indian
style you can't say that I was like why
the hell not he's like cousins it is
incorrect I'm like so you're trying to
take that from them too
y'all came in took they land I want to
take the what a seat get the [ __ ] out of
here now his alien style you're not
changing that [ __ ] that they keep the
gang they keep the neck took everything
else of these people
Thanksgiving bags one takeaway they sit
now cluck that my name is Neil man I'll
just take [ __ ] from people was I'm
volunteer at the school man I'm learning
a lot at the school I'm learning that
you know we treat ugly kids horribly you
got
we gotta treat ugly kids better we
treating other kids so bad ugly kids you
know they do [ __ ] to set themselves
apart I've noticed in the cafeteria ugly
kids
get ugly snacks ugly kids always picking
the ugly chips the sour cream and onions
the Fritos the harvest chatter Sun Chips
the ugly chips cute kids walking away
with whoo Ranch Doritos and Cheetos ugly
kids won't sit like almond joys and
whoppers I dig this walk away you got
your candy corn back there you got any
Raisinets back there that's the ugliest
snack for a kid a chocolate-covered
raisin I know cute kids eat nuts sheep
[Music]
we live in a wonderful world lots of
things are happening online everyone's
always asking you in the coming year I
might even think about a lot I don't a
date in real life because I prefer just
to swipe left on my mistakes in reality
like I just need the best time but the
only thing that's great about online
days great though she's just show up I
can't get through a brunch without
somebody's own beat let us all be like
what you go
and some guys are very sound bite but I
think it's great because to me that's a
legally binding agreement because I know
what I like almost morning a lot of baby
like it's their job well we're done I
want to reach over I want to grab my
phone start calling to uber and have you
knock it out of my hand and be like nah
baby you live here so once your mouth
guess my romantic
look this is I'm like I'm just coming
off the top of my hair right now y'all
because I'm as weave is tight and it's
[ __ ] up my thoughts if you ever had
your hair braided and they braided just
a little bit too tight you know what I'm
talking about like this [ __ ] is trying
to braid out my thoughts and I went
ahead and got this Indian here so that I
could you know fit more into the
European demography since I'm white on
paper I figured I might as well try to
blend in in real life I've been putting
Vicks VapoRub on my face every day
because I read on YouTube that it makes
your skin lighter and it gets rid of
stretch marks so I've been putting it on
my ass for the stretch marks but on my
face to lighten it up but it just makes
my face man see it's messy French
shiny a little bit it gets rid of
pimples though I know that much the
excite the rub is the [ __ ] when it kind
of pimples if you want to get rid of
some temples I'm just saying that cuz I
say have some bumpy face [ __ ] in here
when I came in and I want to help you I
want you to heal big faker with if you
don't believe me look it up on YouTube
[ __ ] big faker verbs is good for the
acne not only does it get the cold out
your chest but it get the [ __ ] off your
face because nobody wants to [ __ ] above
you a smile [ __ ]
altitude when I see asked me out to
speak like on that person got a lot
going on inside of me a lot of stress a
lot of confusion hormonal imbalance they
Nancy that's why I had to stop working
as a sex education teacher I was a
teacher for a minute they didn't I had
light on the applications that I was a
white woman with a degree and I unify
hired me stupid and I had told them kids
that's why your face is bumpy and then I
got fired but I was like you ever met a
teenager
they [ __ ] up they got a lot of issues
on the inside that they don't talk about
that's why I show up on these skins this
one big [ __ ] I'm sharing which are you
won't think about this is like oh my god
that's why I can't stand sue the network
that [ __ ] is 42 with a bumpy face
because she got issues inside that's why
she never on time
any questions everybody my name is
Marcela and I'm with the last factory
production crew if you like that clip
you just saw please like it and also
subscribe to our page if you're social
and you want leave a comment do that
don't be racist okay bye
[Music]
so well okay so this listen XO happened
because Ricky got the most amazing booty
call voicemail probably of all time of
all time I think I was safe to say at
least of all times that someone made an
mp3 of it that someone being me and that
someone's about to play it for you guys
DJ hit whoa I also do that message so
many times it's kind of amazing it makes
it happen crazy [ __ ]
naked alcohol [ __ ] just got real
so what are you doing for me oh I went
over
it was only 347 a.m. on a Tuesday I
wasn't doing anything
but we wrote in the song yes you text at
3 in the morning and you misspelled my
name you and you slept with half my
friends on Facebook and most of them
think you are lame you say that with me
it's different and you're not that big
of a dick and if you disappear it's
cause you're busy not cuz you're with
some other chick I know that this might
be uncouth but I decided to tell you the
truth my self-esteem is not low enough
to date you it's close but not quite
time to get a little more desperate and
you and I make it awesome day
haier a totally awesome care I seem like
your perfect target
like I've been lonely for too long you
think I haven't had sex in forever and
I'll admit that you're not wrong but I
would rather have no one than this crap
let me reaffirm I win touch your dick if
I've been poisoned and the antidote was
in your sperm right Bianca but I decided
to tell you the truth my self-esteem is
not low enough to date you it's so close
but not quite there give me time to get
a little more wasted and you and I can
make an awesome pair
err a totally awesome hair
just at the airport today and I you
never know what you're going to get so I
try to be like gonna have a good trip
and just gonna manifest that right and I
think like when I get on the plane I can
relax right and this which should happen
first I see this lady and she's just
gorgeous right this beautiful woman like
beautiful blonde hair her designer bag
diamond ring and she just like pushes
her bag like that just an instant right
I was like she's so fragile and gorgeous
and I just thought [ __ ] you Marilyn why
she's a [ __ ] [ __ ] that's why I'm a
super girl in every way where's that
coming from that rage inside of you
Marilyn and I realized that it's just
because I want to be her you know like I
want to be that super model perfectly
hot in every way like I'm not saying I'm
not hot hey it's cool like I'm okay you
know I'll get the job done whoo whatever
this is know what I'm talking about I'm
trying to tell you guys I want something
more than that something beyond that you
know just for the day just to not have
anything else on my mind I just want to
be like stupid hot like the kind of girl
she knows she's hot but that's about all
she knows but she's at the bar with the
guy right and the guys like Oh more
about me in sports sports sports you
know normally I'd be like oh not stupid
hot huh go on
uh what are you doing I'm just listening
God Father hmm just thirsty it's just
how she listens
this totally pornographic and then that
guy like he's like I can't focus on what
you're saying I have to have you right
now I think it takes her out back you
know in the alley handlebar or it takes
me out back cuz I'll be me and the story
so he takes me out back and he just rips
my pants down and gently makes love to
me up against the dumpster my knees are
like hitting the rust in the metal I
don't care smell a trash is wafting up
[ __ ] lips good stray cat runs by Oh
filthy what could be worse oh there's a
guy smoking crack next to the dumpster
who's right he's like I wasn't at the
crack and he sticks his head out he's a
whoa and he stops smoking crack to look
at me because I'm so hot what's up
I'm talking about my hotness can cure a
crack addiction across America ladies
and gentlemen oh yeah I know you know
this girl she's probably one or two of
them here tonight little heels like I
love hanging out of horse bars with the
guys
oh my micro mini with my ass cheeks
hanging out super comfortable real
comfortable yeah yeah
Oh darts I am in guys so for when I get
my dart out of the dart board I do it
like this hey you wanna [ __ ] me just
then yeah I was just taking my dart I
don't even know really what was I doing
sexy dancing any chance she gets
yeah you know that move you're at a
hockey game mmm I love music
then tintin tintin tintin santa gfriend
attendant oh the pockets the gloves it
is really turns me on and the phone's
not just glue your pyramid
that was a tangent
so we we were recently in Utah and we
had the Saturday afternoon off and so we
decided to go go-karting and I grew up
on go-karts all the time but Ricky had
never been go-karting before and she was
driving so so slow and I was like really
you're not liking go-karting what is
there nothing like and then all of a
sudden Ricky just stops in the middle of
the track and just waits for 20 minutes
until our time was up on a clock and I'm
like what what was so bad and then I
found out what was going on and it made
a lot more sense okay so here's what
happened basically I was sitting on a
big giant vibrating piece of metal at a
forward tilted angle and the faster I
went of the go-kart the more it shook
and I was like this feels kind of weird
and everyone's speeding past me and I
was like I gotta go really really slow
or I'm not gonna make it through our
time so I'm really really really slow
and then I see her speeding by me and
for some reason my thought was like well
if she can do it I can do it which I
don't know why I assumed we had the same
fashion sensitivity we don't cuz no I'm
a delicate flower me you're a thirsty
cactus no I'm just kidding okay nope
anyway so she speeds by me and I'm like
I can do this and I speed up and I was
like nope and I just kind of pulled over
and hung my head in shame for the rest
of our set and we wrote a song yeah well
I guess it's not a set is it I've been
on those too long these are a lot of
go-karting time I don't know go karting
set yeah
so another song alright get out my
go-kart strap myself in rev up the
engine let the fun begin
put my foot on the gas and I'm out of
the gate but the faster I go the more
the metal vibrates
my body's tingling from my head to my
toes but the thing that's really buzzed
and I hope nobody knows
cuz I'm feeling kinda funny in a
biblical way god damn shaking hard on my
Georgia O'Keeffe bouquet I never guessed
this travelin machine would turn the
motor on under my hood go-kart racing
accidentally masturbating go-kart racing
mechanical self or negating go-kart
racing no stop until I cross the finish
line shoot in Gears I can feel my heart
drop hope nobody notices I'm getting a
lube job don't need no gentleman to
start my engine because I can even feel
a little rear suspension trying to cover
up my scandal like a Goldman Sachs
she's getting real on this indoor track
I'm about to go blind and I feel like a
creep cuz it's pressing on my horn
like PvP now my driving is getting
erratic because this transmission is
automatic go-kart racing accidentally
masturbating go-kart racing mechanical
support Acadie go-kart racing no stop
until I cross the finish line if the
fruit is ripe you might as well [ __ ] it
it's gonna slow down but then I thought
[ __ ] no one look at me cuz this is it
green flag Coco holy [ __ ]
go-kart racing accidentally masturbated
go-kart racing mechanical supporting
Kaden go-cart racing no stop until I
cross the finish line he changed
Kichi go-kart racing accidentally
masturbating go go racing mechanical
support a gate and go go to racing to
stop until across LA
um when I'm not doing comedy sometimes I
sling drinks I'm a cocktail server and I
straight-up hate that about myself
because I I know I'm doing the best at
my job as a cocktail server when I'm
making everybody else around me the
worst versions of themselves
it's true like it's like not a job I
feel comfortable bragging about like
cops they have cool jobs they get to
like bus pervert save lives shoot people
without consequences can't do anything
like that I'm always asking like how was
work last night like I have to try to
think of things to be proud of you know
I'm like well uh I got two people
blacked out on one guy tripped and fell
after he cheated on his wife I served
them
that was me those were the doubles I
suggested yeah people always want drink
making recommendations for me it's
usually girls who like what Shane what
shot I'd had like like why are you
melting um but I mean I don't know how
to respond to that I associate a law
with every major mistake I've ever made
in my life all right so like all I can
think of to say is like if you don't
want to wake up sore tomorrow don't get
the Bill Cosby special okay
but I went on I gotta actually went on
that this is true on a first date about
two weeks ago and I met this guy in real
life it wasn't like a tinder online
 thing but he called himself a
professional street performer so like I
should have known well while we were on
our date why we were physically eating
our dinner this young gentleman I guess
you could call him that he had me take
the myers-briggs personality test
oh yeah we're all literacy if you know
what that is right yeah you guys wonder
it is if you don't know what it is it's
just like a really quick way to dry up a
lady's
[Applause]
right like that one no it's a it's a
personality quiz consisting of a bunch
of questions right at the end of it
you're given like a four letter score it
could be like am i MTG you're an ENT
yeah whatever the
and I was so confused because I was like
my personalities already on this date
like I'm RT let's write here you could
just talk you just talk to it you just
you just get to know me I'm right here
like that's like if a guy was like
getting me head just could you um could
you practice on these stamps first it
didn't make any sense but I took the
test because he was buying me some oxy
cotton and has anybody taken that test
just curious anybody for like schoolwork
do you remember your score does anybody
remember their score yeah ion FJ okay I
was SL UT I just sucked his dick and got
out of there I didn't I actually I told
that joke here at Laugh Factory like
about a month ago and after the show a
guy came up to me the bar he was like
that was really funny and I was like oh
thanks so much and he like look at him
and he goes you know I used to volunteer
the post office
[Music]
which I didn't know was a thing you
could do first of all but I have had a
couple drinks so I was like confused
like I'd forgotten my set for the night
so I was like wait why and he looked at
both ways it was a crowded bar I was
like what do you do and it goes
he goes I'm just want to let you know
I'm real good at licking stamps and I
was kind of girl so I was like come on
that's gross
right cuz don't say that's any other
show cuz then I'll be like looks get in
the bathroom and prove it to me
[Music]
I like daylight I've loved when people
like are happy and I'm singing this [ __ ]
but um it's okay I'm a [ __ ] comedian
it's normal guys don't like big
comedians that's a fact
like I'm out six nights a week they
always think you're gonna talk about on
stage and I'm always around a lot of man
comedy is a Superman heavy so they they
get insecure really quick so I might
date a guy for like three weeks maybe a
month he's over it and I don't know if
it's because I'm a comedian or because
I'm a cheater
okay oh god you're so petty
come on like Jesus Christ like if you
can't handle a little infidelity you
know you're not the man for me no way
all right like you just not I cheat on
you to make you stronger okay stop being
a little [ __ ]
and love me down let me tell you a
blessing amazing huh cry baby I hate
crybabies ah it's so good but what I do
what I do do is I like online dating I
said it's fun it's [ __ ] if you own line
they clap online daters flat yeah yeah
yeah it's more than that I saw some of
you all tinder so says why
what you got some of the dates you don't
swipe no more shut up all right
people always get so quiet and when you
ask them about online days like it's
2017 everything is online you put your
bills online you can shop online you go
[ __ ] online if you really that good like
that [ __ ] is good too right but it's
time you say they don't let people get
tight like ah I'm gonna make somebody
crazy [ __ ] you crazy shut the [ __ ] it
you're crazier than when I meet another
crazy [ __ ] yeah just be happy
and crazy together I love on that day
there's too many studies not being lazy
come on eat harmony match.com cubic
black people meet bumble tinder come on
what does what's the stupid former's
only what the [ __ ] is that what the [ __ ]
is that farmers on how to [ __ ] baby get
internet how does
my wife at goes out every time I pass
through Carbondale how to cook an egg
[ __ ] you all who witness Comcast going
out to Barnes looking a wife and a thick
mousse looking this [ __ ] up but
farmersonly.com I got the best
commercial Beyonce they play about every
every night at 2:00 a.m. you don't have
to be lonely and farmers only Zach ha
amazing when the remix come out I said
oh so good
you were saying that shouldn't work you
never got no barn [ __ ] you don't have
to be lonely and farmers only tactile
zoos you own that be okay you don't have
to be lonely
yes you do okay
you're a [ __ ] farmer okay I guess you
chose that life okay
you chose that life you don't how many
[ __ ] live in the city move
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] call me a bar
to come [ __ ] you what the [ __ ] comes the
barn it's a funnel cloud [ __ ] who got
gas money who's coming out here [ __ ]
come see your bar sir so [ __ ] I went
okay and some good farmers out here Oh
do not typecast it was worth every mile
yes I was drunk one like the commercial
came on I said don't have to be but this
is my GP else I'll be an hour and 42
minutes boxed up I'm on my way
but think about what you wanna [ __ ] a
farmer
if you miss your exit [ __ ] that's 42
pounds that's a [ __ ] away but you can
see the damn bar on the side of the
highway like kind of walking over there
bot come over here out of [ __ ] market
over there this is stupid I made a heart
right I'd go straight to them crops [ __ ]
this car [ __ ] this [ __ ] this ticket
while I'm here
crop circles off [ __ ] that [ __ ] up
[Music]
trying to do a whole nother joke about
toys at the workspace
you got to pay attention when you're
doing your job you camped I was dealing
with this lady at the Carmack's she had
her thing was Lakers bobblehead now she
had tons of bobblehead dolls in her work
space like she contacted HR about
getting extra shelving units put in the
house this crazy person's bobblehead
doll with bobblehead bobblehead
bobblehead like I asked her like excuse
me miss if you're back there Andy here
if you're back there how do you accrue
such an impressive Lakers bobblehead
doll collection
this was her real answer she goes
bobblehead a week cloud my man
bobblehead a week club but that's not a
club is that a club she joined a bobble
head a week Club are you a car week Club
ma'am pulling in a cut she's pulling in
a bobble head a week not a month like
all clubs ever join the club you don't
get a ping a week you got a holdout
she's pulling it let's do the math on
that how many bobble how many Blake errs
players are there on the squad like 12
of those guys what are the deep in the
Year bobble heads that she's receiving
you know she's got like a filing cabinet
filled with like this is Samantha
Robinson she's the VP of financing over
there at the Lakers
this is her bobblehead comes deep in
September this is Hector fake he's the
mascot over there at the Lakers
this is him not in his mascot outfit
just I was gonna do eight more of these
but you guys you're done with it you're
like next bit we're done he's mad at me
this is the worst show's over everybody
out I'm trying to get ripped that's my
next move
just get thank you one supporter that's
my personal that's my personal trainer
she comes with me everywhere I go she's
a guy you got to work harder Andy this
is look look at this any minute now my
buttons cover your drinks buttons coming
in I tried a p90x I tried p90x thing do
you guys know what that is
90-day hardcore workout routine i IP 12x
that's what I did tapped out at 12 it's
a solid pass for me I couldn't I I did
it the nerdiest way possible I burned my
copy from the Internet look I didn't
even buy like the actual thing it was
like $300 get out of here I'm not doing
that
pirated that bad boy
straight to my laptop it didn't come
with any of the weights or the
resistance bands or the vitamin
supplement formula that gets your ripped
not for not for old Andi bargain
basement straight straight digital
copies doing a lot of these cranking out
a lot of these just alone in my studio
apartment on my wife's Network they're
supposed to be a resistance band
attached to both ankles not for bargain
basement just shuffling off to Buffalo
well the guy named Tony screaming at me
for my laptop just that winded me did
you hear that exhale subscribe to drive
our comedy for even more of the world's
largest collection of clean comedy
I feel bad for my mother though I feel
like she really I think she you know
I've never been married and I don't have
any kids and she used to always you know
I feel like she's given up hope on me
getting married at all
cuz she used to always say you know what
Kendra there's someone out there for
everyone and now she always says you
know what Kendra there's a lot of single
mothers out there just wants me to have
those babies like kids I think kids are
cute I feel like they give me anxiety
though I feel like they get to say
whatever they want to me and I can't say
what I want in return you know I was out
the other night one of my friends kids
got on my lap and said and for all the
adults she was like you you have coffee
breath and I wanted to be like you're
lucky I don't have whiskey breath I'd be
making out with your father right now we
can't say stuff like that to kids
we had to keep it inside I think my
biggest problem with with kids is like
the pregnancy part you know because I
feel like I'm bloated and uncomfortable
on a good day
nevermind two three years how long does
it take to have a baby a long time I
feel like if I could just choose my
gestation process if I could lay some
eggs
I'd be more apt to do that you know then
I could be like hey do me a favor come
over here and watch my eggs
I want to go sashay around the
neighborhood see if I still got it
I feel like I'm really in in no position
to think about having I actually gained
15 pounds last year please it was my
pleasure I do it all again if I could
you know I don't know what it is I mean
I like to eat I like to eat in bed I
feel like my duvet is just like a 42
square foot cloth napkin at this point
you know let's call it what it is I woke
up the other day with the tail end of a
goldfish crack I stuck to my bed buttock
you know Kendriya say you want a husband
but you behave yourself unless of course
you're looking for a man breaded in
goldfish cracker crumbs carry on my
sweet soldier I know I always gaining
weight you know you can tell you know my
pants was snug my my shirts didn't fit
quite right but when I actually outgrew
a pair of my own underwear that's when I
was like a wall outgrown our underwear
you know his children
I don't remember outgrowing my underwear
as a child but out wearing my underwear
is an adult is something I'm going to
remember
that is not a memory that fades fast
there are a couple of things I mean then
at one time I had on this white shirt it
looked like I had a little stain on my
shirt and it turned out the stain was on
the bra underneath the shirt it looked
like a little fingerprint that have been
smeared along and some sort of chicken
wing sauce which made me realize at some
point and hopefully recently I decided
to eat something that was in sauce with
my hand while standing in my bra and
decided I don't need a silly napkin I
can wipe that sauce right on my drive
thank you if you want to watch my
special for 99 cents click here if you
want to see more of my clips click here
click it just click it you got to click
something
you guys give it up for the cocktail
servers that are serving you here
tonight we're working very hard for
tough job please take care of them I
know I actually tried cocktail serving
once for seven and a half years I didn't
I didn't love it because um because
people get a little self unaware when
they drink you know when I was working
the bar people drunk people are always
asking me for drink recommendations I
was I drink
well shots should I take should I write
right I'm like why are you melting you
sound like Rihanna you don't need a
drink at all anymore
you need to go home and record an album
sounds amazing for for some reason you
guys are nice cocktails serving I got
asked to do more than one threesome I
think I got like a strong like ala carte
vibe
like I don't look like I would be good
on my own but like maybe in addition is
something else
just fine like I don't really get
offended by that I was a little confused
once cuz this guy was giving me this
whole sales pitch of like why I should
hook up with him in his way I mean I
don't do this by the way either it's not
like I'm like oh I'm asking me about the
threesome special like I wasn't putting
that out there but he's like I think my
wife would really be in to your
beautiful personality I think that's how
sex works I don't know I think he got
like my serving skills we're gonna
transfer over to the bedroom
you know like I'd be like you guys doing
okay everybody equally stimulated
sir you still working on that you want
me to get that ass out the way for ya
ready for another round
I'm just like what happened with this
couple's last group sex situation to
where his wife was like you get me
someone with a better personality next
time yeah I like the other girl
physically but she just wasn't very
social I wanted to talk about Game of
Thrones after and you know how I told
you guys that women are auditory
creatures because we can hear stuff you
didn't say well like what I heard when
he said that was like hey lady that I
don't know physically but your quick wit
there's really making up for those
subpar titties won't you come hook up
with me in the why one of my biggest pet
news as a server is when people would
flag me over but then they weren't ready
to order you guys may be like excuse me
can we get some service over here hello
and then I'd go over there I'm like yeah
cuz that was a professional they're like
we don't know what to get what do you
think we should get we didn't we didn't
look at what to get I'm like have you
tried the [ __ ] out it's really good this
time of now get out we had like a lot of
celebrities come in the bar that I
worked in I worked in a hotel and Suge
Knight was one of our regulars yeah it's
fun and he you guys know Suge Knight is
clap if you know Suge Knight is
not even flat don't respond okay
he's like this big case you like do sir
guy I don't know what he does he just
wears red shirts but he'd always come in
the bar and like ask for stuff that we
didn't have like I think he was just
always looking for an excuse to like
hang someone over the balcony you know
so he'd be like I want some mac and
cheese I'm like we don't have mac and
cheese I want to be a flute oh my well I
want to pop to be alive we will hunt
[Music]
you
[Music]
my friend courier doesn't resolution
with the take less selfies like you're a
terrible person what ridiculous so we're
the best even an option for her
resolution everybody said that this is
like the worst we've ever been as people
right like we're so self-absorbed about
all the selfies but honestly I think
that we were all way worse at a
different time because at one point we
were all in school we all had school
picture day and then we ordered physical
copies of photos of ourselves and gave
them to people like narcissistic
sociopath oh can you imagine doing that
now as an adult it's going up to a
co-worker unprompted like you give them
a four by six is there a real good
friend
let me tell y'all how this all started
between me and my husband we met at the
University of Tennessee while he was
stalking me
he was so tickled with me okay he was
getting an MBA I was get finishing up my
undergraduate he is so smart and such an
overachiever but he had already gotten
an undergraduate worked for two years
and got an MBA I was just finishing mine
up my undergraduate cuz I'm so fun and I
thought oh my gosh he is so smart he can
do math Pinkham pick and reconcile a
checkbook there's no telling where we're
gonna go what we're gonna say what we're
gonna how we're gonna lay up well we
graduated and he decided to buy a used
mobile home business in beam station
Tennessee and I know y'all don't know
where Bane station is in the foothills
of the Appalachian Mountains
did any of y'all ever see deliverance I
think they film that they're beautiful
beautiful lakes and pretty and all that
but so he moved me there and he wanted
me to be in sales for him at this used
mobile home business so I did that day
until I saw a family drive up in a
gremlin with the wind down a
nine-year-old smoking a cigarette that's
the truth she lit it all for her MIMO
and that's her grandmother do I need an
interpreter okay
she lit out of her grandmama and so I
quit that day and I went home and I got
pregnant that night I had three babies
in four and a half years yeah it hurt it
Dan I was pregnant and or breastfeeding
for six straight years in the foothills
of the Appalachian Mountains and let me
tell y'all when I found out about my
third baby I feel terrible how I reacted
but I was so overwhelmed and so tired
but I knew that day I didn't feel right
I thought what is wrong with me I'm
tired and I kind of feel sick and I
thought oh my gosh surely I'm not
pregnant this quick after this you know
cuz my girls were 20 months apart so I
had to know I was crazy I drove to the
Walmart in the foothills of the
Appalachian Mountains and I took my two
babies with me in the diaper bag and all
that stuff you take with you and I went
into the Walmart and bought an EPT
pregnancy test I took it in the stall
and I tinkled on it and my
three-year-old boy looked at me said
what is it positive
and it was and I drove home just as fast
as I could and I called my husband at
work and I said you're trying to kill me
aren't you where you're not going to
because I'm gonna walk out in the woods
and let the animals eat me
thank y'all so much for watching my
special now I need you to watch my
entire special for $0.99 and then click
it and then I need you to watch more
clips and then click it I don't know
what you're supposed to be clicking but
they tell the young people are telling
me I don't understand but just click it
um but you know the kind of dick I've
been into lately has been the mature
kind the older men I see you up there
right yeah the other thing I like about
older men is that they know what they're
doing okay they've been having sex for
twenty thirty years sometimes forty when
I'm really drunk and sad and they you
know that's a long time to be practicing
something right they've put in their
10,000 hours they're experts they're
teaching me things about my body I
didn't even know that there were certain
parts in there I didn't know they're
teaching me also you know there's older
men seem to for the most part they have
their lives together just a little bit
more than the younger men right just a
little bit you know there's nothing
worse than hooking up with a guy who has
roommates it is the worst it is the
worst right because you have to like cut
through a living room full of frat boys
playing xbox just to go make some bad
choices
no thank you I don't mind the walk of
shame but I do mind the waddle of regret
afterwards and just like what did I do
oh my god my mom raised me better than
this it's a good symbiotic relationship
the different ages right because they we
can help each other out you know they
can help me with things that I don't
like adult stuff like taxes 401ks
investments all that stuff and then I
can help them with crossing the street
[Laughter]
helping them to take their medication on
time these kinds of things it's a good
symbiotic relationship I know you're
thinking cuz everyone says it to me all
the time they say Katelyn I think you've
got daddy issues like mom quit calling
me at 12:00 in the morning and I go
that's impossible okay there's no way I
have daddy issues cuz my dad wasn't even
around when I was growing up shout-out
to my dad
wherever he is
[Applause]
[Music]
guys and girls they're very different
right we all communicate very different
very different I remember when we first
got married I was out doing USO tours
right I was entertaining the troops all
around the world and this is before
cellphones and I couldn't get a hold of
them and finally I got a hold of him
mrs. and and I heard his voice and I got
all choked up and I said oh my gosh babe
I haven't be able to call you because
the schedule has been crazy and where
there were they're flying us in and out
on Blackhawks we're performing and
bombed out buildings it's been crazy but
I just want to come home and be with you
and start a family and well we'll just
be together forever and he says oh my
gosh sweetie did you just say that you
got to fly in a black hole
men and women they're definitely
communicate different we always do so
that's where you have to like work it
out you have to make it work you have to
make it work as it gets frustrating
sometimes guys are just not big
communicators and it starts you can see
it in the teenage years when when two
friends start to try to talk to each
other they don't know how to talk they
don't know how to form sentences teenage
boys right you ever see two teenage guys
try to talk to each other on the phone
they don't use sentences they just make
sounds once they're like this hey so
going later and they're dying them and
they understand each other they know
where when you know what time to meet
it's crazy but you put unique teenage
girls on the phone it's completely
different have you ever noticed teenage
girls turned into rambling contortionist
right it's like oh my gosh Cindy and I
taught you in so long
it's been like 10 minutes and so much
has happened I went to the mall and I
got this really cool blue skirt and I
was like all excited except for when I
got home I realize I should have never
got blue cuz ever since Mark and I broke
up I'm a Billy soda Pratt and blue
collar
of depression and so that's why I was
thinking like I should have never got
well I still really like bars I don't
know I don't know what I should do I was
easy so anyways I was thinking should I
work out or what what oh okay well when
Sydney gets home could you tell her I
called
[Applause]
you
I uh I got divorced this year anyone
else celebrating anything tonight yeah
alright any married people here yeah
alright give it time
give it time people change they do I
don't want to get into the whole story
you know I don't want to like tell you
the whole thing that's kind of just like
basically he kind of wanted me to be
like a housewife type of person you know
very traditional and I just really
wanted him to be a woman no one was
surprised when I came out except for me
um we're surprised at all
my friends were really nice about they
all acted like really taken aback
because they know how much I love
attention that was nice that was nice
but people are always like a little bit
surprised you know when I talk about
this they have a lot of questions right
a lot of questions come up they're like
you're so young you're so you're so cool
you're like the most handsome Jewish man
I've ever seen happen what happen um
I've been thinking I think I'm making
maybe like a PowerPoint slide show was
just some of the frequently asked
questions that I get to be very short it
would just be like slide one would just
be like you were married and then slide
two is like to a man
and then slide three is just 13 years of
softball folks just feel like that says
it all
okay it really does I started going to
therapy though that's been helping a
little bit any therapy heads here yeah
all right on the count of three so your
therapist name one two three [ __ ] okay
let me hang in there oh my god I love
her so why is she here [ __ ] come on out
baby girl I always America my show she
just [ __ ] for partnership I always
invite her and she's like boundaries and
I'm like come to my show I do I love her
so much
I love therapy I just feel like 50
minutes a week is not enough you know
not if you burn through time the way
that I do right
damn like I just get in there and it's
like the first half of my session I'm
always catching them up on my week and
all the [ __ ] and you know this
person Ted Danson man and then the
second half I like to run my set that's
my time okay that's what she always says
it's my time took full advantage of that
she has been helping me though she's
been encouraging me to get out there and
date again and I have okay I've been out
there
a bit of a Rumspringa if you will okay
it's a little bit scary it's scary cuz
it's like well things are different now
I feel like dating now it's like
everyone's gay now it's okay well
alright everyone's not gay but all women
are so mad at men but essentially
everyone's gay it's like a variant okay
Mira okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
oh my gosh i love comedy so much i'm
always excited every chance i get to
perform but
recently i did think of a backup plan
just in case this doesn't pan out i have
decided i would like to be the person
who paints unlicensed cartoon characters
on the side of buildings
have you ever been to like that kind of
sketchy neighborhood and there's that
melted elmo and you're like why
i want to be that person who does that
that's somebody's job
and it's the best job in the world
because the only job where your job
is doing a bad job
you're not supposed to do well that gets
people sued
you do just enough that's what i want i
want to just
paint the mural do what i do and then
get a call on monday where they're like
um
miss ellis we have some questions about
this uh
i don't believe this is what we asked
for and i'd be like yeah it is
no we asked for mickey mouse
you don't get mickey mouse you get mike
mouse
it's a grown man with child support
payments
because it's a daycare center you're
welcome you know that's what i want to
do
and then i just hang up and call it a
day oh man i hope
i hope i don't have to work anymore
because i'm real bad at it i really do
i'm bad at it i'm good at getting jobs
but i hate them like
i recently had a job interview and like
i live in
austin and i feel like things are
getting a little too hippy
a little too weird for me out there i
don't know if you guys i mean it's weird
like
fun but then monday rolls around and
your co-workers still don't have on
deodorant and you're like why
this is a lot like it's just you know i
don't like living anywhere where there's
too many facial hair options for men
i just the fashion's all over the place
i can't tell who's a toddler or
grandfather it's a lot
it's a little too weird for me and i had
a job interview at this like really cool
like artisanal makeup store and i was
like i really wanted the job
so we did a phone interview and i'm
answering the questions and like i said
i am good
at getting a job so i'm saying
everything right and ladies like i
really like your personality you're so
great
the only problem i'm having is
you're really giving me a strong
aquarius vibe
but according to your application you're
definitely a pisces
so i just hope you're being honest with
me
who who is honest at a job interview
who was ever honest at a job and now i
have to be
cosmically astrologically honest
what am i going to tell this woman um no
no no that's definitely like i
that's all me because i'm really like a
a won't steal office supplies moon
and uh isn't crying in her car rising
that's my side
hire me please oh man i
it's just a hippy dippy weird city i
wish someone had warned me before i
moved there
just how it is like one thing i didn't
realize is that people there they love
dogs
they love dogs but not like a normal
love dogs like the dog's boat
it's a lot they are citizens they are
important
like every time i go to a grocery store
i just see like a child on a leash and a
pug in a stroller
but if i say anything i'm the crazy one
because he has breathing problems and
like
i clarify i don't hate dogs i'm just not
a dog
person because i used to be very afraid
of dogs i used to be afraid of dogs i
worked on it
and it's hard that is the worst fear to
have because the only fear that everyone
tries to
cure you of yeah telling people you
don't like when you tell a person you
don't like dogs
they look at you like an atheist in
church
they're just like oh no
oh no oh
you just haven't met the right dog
no no no no you just once you give your
heart to dog
things are gonna change you just you
gotta open up and let dog
[Applause]
in
you
I do have a cat that's not a joke it's
really I feel like guys it's you
typically that don't like cats right
that's a fair statement guys typically
don't like cats and I don't understand
why you don't like cats cuz you're
exactly like a cat I know we've been
conditioned to think that men are like
dogs and women are like cats but this
couldn't be further from the truth
guys you're like cats you're aloof and
emotionally unavailable women are
exactly like dogs we're exactly like
dogs like hey where you going we're
going we're going we're going we're
going we're gonna can I go can I go can
I go can I go can I I'm gonna wait right
here I'm gonna wait right here I'm gonna
wait right here I'm gonna wait right
here I'm gonna wait right here I'm gonna
wait right here my shoes so guys you're
like cats are like oh you're home okay
so this is what's gonna happen you're
gonna feed me then I'm going to stare at
the window at nothing that I'm gonna
pass on the bathroom deals you women are
like dogs we clean up after ourselves
right ladies you ever seen a dog vomit
eats a [ __ ] right back up usually
doesn't in private bomb-ass eats it up
no evidence you don't even know what's
happened guys don't like cats you'll
just puke anywhere I make a big [ __ ]
scene about it and then you're like okay
can you clean that up it's so gross I
don't want to touch it oh here comes the
dog I got it I got it
girls are like dogs we need to be
groomed shampooed conditioned blow-dry
fluffy guys you like catch like what I'm
dirty
am i dirt let's go I'm [ __ ] ready
even ask for Paul sexy eyes you got the
net word wrong you'll be on ABC with no
way quite a good [ __ ] come on don't give
a [ __ ] about our careers or what we're
doing with our lives
you guys are are you better now we happy
I'm just so quiet up the flow we had bad
Mills on the way here I'll be okay [ __ ]
who's the one that has the priest of a
daddy who's a priest daddy right here
yeah honey my clearance top from Macy's
is not on fleek if your fitness in this
league it's just like in low Sanders you
got you are doing it sit down she's sexy
and excited about life you know when you
look cute you're like [ __ ] that with the
world to see me you're the girl in the
club who walks around some oh goddamn
reason you're that [ __ ] yes
you know you trying to dance on
something she going again sit down I
think it's better got your hand and [ __ ]
[ __ ] if you walk by one more goddamn
time because Security's you got a gun in
her purse
I wanted to leave [ __ ] your mama wait we
are away in London is your family yes oh
happy holidays happy holidays anybody
leaving going to travel and see their
real families of course you are you're
gonna be out the whole goddamn time
attention attention to our attention to
Christmas it's your best friend right
here everyone you're the quiet one right
is that what you have your hair and that
side pony thing where you're so
embarrassed by her little guy here she
is here she goes again
let me cover my side of my face this
[ __ ] is gonna get us thrown out again
well you had the hair sighs sweet Oh God
oh she's embarrassing me
I don't even notice [ __ ] so imagine
what she making you feel like it's
always the hot chick it's just talk so
much I know it's so cute what's your
name
I love you what's your name
40 babe are you still talking that much
[Laughter]
as you get older like you're cute but
you know you can ruin the cue with the
mouse you know cute with too much
chatter you can kill an erection with
that the same even watch it guys dick go
down but you talk too much I am I watch
I am watch an erection bag and I want to
disgust it now and it's like alright
well we're not gonna do any other things
so you might as well talk about it you
know what L kill directions the my
undergarments banks if you want to see a
Federation guy let the man undress you
when you're wearing full Spanx though
they always want to be sexier I don't
want to roll your [ __ ] down and undress
you for you and it roll it down it's
like a nipple pops out hits him in the
face told you let me do it I don't
cowboy let me go to the bathroom I'll
come out but naked oh we can get going
okay but you don't want to do it trust
me
it's way too much come on if I were the
kind of spank that make me go from a
size 14 to a 2 you don't want to see
that you don't
they pop out of my surprise it will kill
the night
[Music]
14 year olds gotta be the laziest thing
ever created on this earth.
(audience laughing)
My son at 14 years old,
all he would do,
all he would do is sleep all day.
You have no idea
what's gonna happen.
I know what you're thinking.
"No, not my Mac.
"My Mac will grow up.
"He will respect his parents."
(audience laughing)
All he would do is sleep.
Like, he'd get home from school.
He'd take the nap on the couch
for two hours, three hours.
Saturday, he'd never leave his room.
He'd sleep all day.
I finally said to him, one day.
I said, Chad, why are you
so tired all the time?
This isn't right.
There's something wrong.
My God, I hope it's not
what I thought it was.
I hope it's not what
I'm thinking right now.
He goes, 
"What are you thinking, Mom?"
I go, Are you doing the drugs?
"Mom! No, I'm not. 
"Just a nap Mom, just a nap.
"You know how a nap
"wipes you out, Mom?"
No, I don't.
I haven't had a nap since 1986
(audience laughing)
and this was his vocabulary.
"What?"
I'd say, Chad, do me a favor.
Take the garbage
out to the dumpster,
before you go to school.
It would help me.
(audience laughing)
"What?"
(audience laughing)
The garbage it's tied up.
It's right by the door.
It just has to go the dumpster.
It would really helped me.
Thank you, Chad. I love you.
(audience laughing)
"What?"
(audience laughing)
The white bag. You see it right here?
I'm touching it. That's it.
I need you to pick this bag up,
carry it outside, 
walk over to the dumpster,
dadadadah, put it in the dumpster,
let go.
(audience laughing)
go to school, without the bag,
go to school.
That would help me, Chad.
Thank you, I love you.
"What?"
(audience laughing)
I said, All right. Last time.
Pay attention. Pay attention.
The garbage,
I tied up for you
is by the door
dummy poop for brains
"What?"
and his room was disgusting.
Who's got that filthy teenager room
right now at the house?
You got that teenager, right?
How old is your teenager?
- [Audience Member] 14.
14,
so you got more time with this.
Do you clean the room?
I never cleaned his room.
I didn't go in there for five years.
(audience laughing)
There were things
growing in that room
by the time— it was disgusting.
Yeah, dirty clothes, everywhere,
filthy dirty dishes,
wrappers from Taco Bell, 
and candy bars,
a couple of dead pets,
never found that ferret.
(audience laughing)
He finally moved out, 
went off to college,
unbelievable.
Hey, how about those 
mothers in Hollywood
that got in trouble for
bribing those colleges?
I am on those mothers' side.
Are you kidding? 
What did they do wrong?
This is me at the Dean's office.
Let me get this straight, Dean.
I give you a check and 
you take him for four years?
(audience laughing)
Give me the pen. Give me the pen.
(audience laughing)
I'd hock everything 
I have to pay for that.
Are you kidding me?
Well, he finally went off to college.
My best friend came to the house.
She goes, "Oh my gosh Kathleen.
"You're going to miss him.
"It's your only baby.
"You're going to have that
"empty nest syndrome."
I said, No, I'm having
a party thrown at my house,
but I wanted to see his apartment.
I'm still the mom.
I'm protective.
I wanted to go see his apartment,
make sure it was safe, clean.
I drive all the way over there.
I knock on the door,
I open up the door.
I look, it's immaculate.
(audience laughing)
(audience laughing)
You know what said to me?
He goes, "Hey, Hey, Hey 
"wipe your feet."
(audience laughing)
I said, The heck with you,
and I peed on his toilet seat.
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
Then I drank all his beer.
Then I borrowed his car,
and I brought it back with no gas.
(audience laughing)
Oh, was he mad.
He's like, "Mother,
"where did all my gas go?"
I said, What?
(audience laughing)
this would be a good time I also have a
crazy family I'm Native American and
Irish thank you do you have some Native
American and Irish Union just the Irish
okay so we're gonna happen sink here
drinkin
I am Native American Irish that means
they used to have more relatives and
they got drunk and shot each other know
sometimes they were on the same side
sometimes they weren't and the craziest
person in my whole family has to be my
grandfather because when he turned
ninety four he final four divorce
take a nap grandpa you have heartburn
yeah I know yeah can you imagine how
pissed off his wife would be oh okay
I'll take I'll tell you about his wife
his wife was 56 and they were married
for 31 years right I'll do the math for
you guys okay he's rich I don't know how
pissed off you'd be if you heard man she
married the old guy for his money now we
won't die he still goes to work every
day
what a dick oh my gosh
crazy family four okay I have six
sisters and a brother because might I
know we were Catholic but mostly my mom
was a [ __ ] so I'll explain I have six
sisters and a brother four of those
sisters have been strippers yeah way to
go mom and dad's a lot of data too guys
that's why they're strippers I'm the
only one with a - no that's why I have
my clothes on right now actually people
have asked me if I've ever considered
stripping before because so many of my
siblings have done it I'm like ah no did
you see these when you came in probably
not but people drive by three times I
thought you're a boy
yeah no these my dad turned 65 this year
we have the same cup size now thanks dad
it's your fault no I don't tell him that
he's great
hey here's the here's the thing like I
couldn't be a stripper okay guys not
because I like to have small tits or
whatever but I can't dance at all thank
at all I'm a Native American and Irish
lesbian there is no rhythm in that
package you just be me on stage is like
why doesn't someone fix the heat in here
I'll be right back Oh your hand let me
go take care of that I'm going to bounce
a couple [ __ ] out of here and then
I'll be back on stage
[Music]
I graduated from anger management so
literally you're all safe but I'm
constantly tested man all the time you
know because people don't believe it
because I don't give up angry vibes I'm
always smiling
so I'll get at least one person that'll
come up to me and be like oh okay you
with their anger management okay yeah
what makes you mad yeah what gets you
angry huh I'm always like you asked
yeah cuz my anger is not gone it's
managed by the [ __ ] okay you haven't
risen from Phoenix man yeah fingers
ain't that tight yeah man I'm like I
like Los Angeles so much better you know
just because there's just more black
people you know what I mean that's why I
like it I was a rarity up see you know
sister okay see she knows man I grew up
around a lot of white people and we were
all poor so I grew up around poor white
people they exist and you know
I felt bad for the ones I grew up with
because these cats man they were poor
and had no talent you know to me so they
were just walking the earth just
existing I'm like damn y'all know how to
shoot a basketball anything like that
[ __ ] do it let me tell you something
when that TV show jackass came out they
floored then they're like they're like
they're like okay this is how we're
making it out of the neighborhood [ __ ] a
basketball we get in shopping carts when
we can't mousetraps we can scorpions and
I'm like man y'all should get a bunch of
books to read you know I mean like this
shopping cart [ __ ] y'all oh yeah so
then I moved to Los Angeles I get my
first black friend which is really cool
ain't never had that before
there's one our friends when he's real
with it man he grew up in Compton right
just down the street and uh he don't
like me being too white he tells me all
the time
one night we were walking down Sunset
Boulevard right and I spotted okay cuz
I'm a big rock'n'roll nerd and I spotted
the lead singer of the Counting Crows
yeah I looked at him I was like dude oh
my god
so you got to be kidding me
it is Adam Duritz the lead singer of the
Counting Crows and he looked at me was
like you know what the [ __ ] you say to
me man huh huh telling me about a dude
that count crows man that's how evil is
[ __ ] I'm like way about you listen to
accidentally in love before you say
something like that man
mr. Jones [ __ ] me up [ __ ] me huh he's
got me saying gee a lot but he doesn't
tell me what the G stands for he's like
just say it G I'm like okay what does it
mean I've been around white people so
long that I don't know what it means you
know cuz I only know what it means when
white people say it like I G I want to
get it there I don't get it in his
context you know that's not getting all
of this lingo catches me off guard man I
invited him to one of my comedy shows I
was like dude I would love it if you
came to one of my shows
he was like save less and I was like
[Laughter]
so we don't talk much that is not a lot
of conversation you know I ain't gonna
lie man I don't feel comfortable saying
n-word around them oh yeah I've been
around white people so long that I'm
like am I allowed to say it I don't know
if I'm allowed to say it I probably
shouldn't I'm gonna get jumped I'll be
quiet
okay because it doesn't sound authentic
coming out of my mouth you know it
doesn't like I can't I can't walk around
in my oasis t-shirt and be like a
Wonderwall [ __ ] yeah that's just I mean
I could play that [ __ ] on the guitar
okay yeah it's an E chord and the G
chord just slide your fingers around all
the lyrics [ __ ] today is gonna be to
let me stop let me stop let me stop I
got super excited I love that band I
love that band
[Applause]
[Music]
okay listen obviously I've thought way
too much about a day that probably never
happened okay I'll give me that but I
have questions and I want them answered
and the only people that can answer them
are those in charge at the Yum Brands if
you're not familiar with who they are
Pizza Hut Taco Bell Kentucky Fried
Chicken Long John Silver's and W root
beer now I don't know what they're on
but they're on something okay all their
ideas whether it's for the restaurant
the two and one fast-food concept itself
I feel like they just get together in a
big room hey hey Carl you got anything
oh there have been several occasions
where I was like I want fried chicken
and pizza at the same time but probably
was not in a stable position to drive
two separate places we do something
about that yeah I think we could do
something bout that we could probably
sell both of those here right yeah all
right let me put that down save some
money on rent Phil what do you guys got
okay we're representing Pizza Hut and um
you know the dhobi part around the
outside of the pizza the crust the cross
dude I told you is called a crust what
and I'm just spitballing here we remove
the crust and replace it with a ring of
soft pretzel pigs-in-a-blanket and if we
can't do that could we just fill it with
cheese well we can certainly look into
one of those if not all of them I think
those are all good ideas our audience
would certainly enjoy Ricky what about
you I've always wanted to make taco
shells out of Doritos that's what I'm
talking about that needs to be put that
down first we got to figure that one out
first maybe the greatest idea that's
ever come out of these summits start
with nacho cheese Cool Ranch in the
fourth quarter people love little red
and green flecks on their taco shells a
Christmas I love it I love everything
I'm here
Taco Bell they they crack me up right
because they know if you're gonna eat
there you're gonna eat there right
nobody's on the fence about Taco Bell
nobody's like well let's just wait and
see what the next commercial looks like
you know if you're gonna go back or not
and Taco Bell knows that that's why they
can put out a product that has the exact
same ingredients as three other products
on their current menu they just changed
the name and/or shape of it and will
make you feel dumb for asking about it
they're like what we have for the spring
this is season steak lettuce cheese
tomato and sour cream encased in a flour
tortilla anybody have any questions um
yeah that sounds like a steak burrito
well it's not okay a steak burrito is
rolled up okay with this we fold the
sides in we press it with a t-shirt iron
I don't know what's so hard to
understand about the technology we've
invested in the Crunchwrap so are we
calling it a crunch right
their desserts they don't even try with
their desserts they just take some other
dessert you're kind of familiar with and
change it a little bit you know we have
Cinnabon bites isn't that just a cut-up
Cinnabon I mean yeah but we cut it up
for you okay you can say gracias we took
the time to put it into this drink cup
that was already sitting right here how
much of the lifting do we have to do
hey thank you for watching this clip if
you'd like to see more clips from this
special you can click right here and if
you'd like to watch the whole special
for just 99 cents click right here and
if you'd like to subscribe to the
world's largest library of stand-up
comedy click right here please click
they have my family
so um I don't drink I'm actually sober
thank you haven't had a group in a while
and that's because when I drank I made
odd choices yeah especially on dates
so everything's different now that I
don't drink I don't have sex that's
apparently when I'm sober I'm picky all
these years I thought it was a big old
 turns out I'm shy nice to get to
know the new me it's always kind of an
awkward conversation though to tell the
guy that I've been sleeping you know
it's like hey listen John I can't see
anymore I quit drinking I thought we had
chemistry
apparently the chemical was vodka can
you still help me move no okay cool so
I'm in this 12-step program and I have a
sponsor and I was to counter about my
sexual history and she goes uh listen
Lisa you need to do a fourth step sex
inventory I know and I was like what's
that she goes I want you to make a list
of all the guys you've slept with write
down their names we're gonna go over it
next week
I was like their names what am i a mind
reader I'm writing things like guy in
red hats and then we need quick drinking
you have to give a while you're fun
friends like my best friend since birth
short big boobs blonde loves to go to
karaoke nights drink martinis make out
with guys and I can't be her drinking
buddy anymore you know I can't even be
her friend I mean obviously I'm still
gonna be her daughter
I went to a bar with my mom once she
goes listen honey don't call me Mom call
me Linda I said but your name is Nancy
she goes don't you girls like to get
fake names when you go out clubbing I
said mom yeah El torito's not clubbing
[Music]
no I do it's Norris's he snore yeah he's
like oh no no I'm sleeping I hate you
yeah
and there's no anything because you have
to like wake them up with the I'm not
sleeping that's why we get like this I
just here's the thing is like people
that snore you guys are you just have to
lay on your backs
for some reason which is very and you
just want to share the most annoying
quality for nine hours all we want you
to do this would make it the true German
just turn over just sneeze please turn
your body away from us that's it just
all day long I'm trying to wake him up
and I'm still doing it nice because
we're newlyweds I'm still lying you know
so I'll just make me stupid
the problem is is that people that snore
if you guys can fall asleep faster than
anyone
all right in those vehicles
we just made eye contact
can't stand it he does this new thing
now fewer I'll try to like wake him out
me me whatever my whole thing and then
he'll do this thing where everyone's
gone but what's up guys have like I
don't what wondering your thoughts on
global warming like your snoring is
what's up this was always up then when I
finally get his body over this was my
goal the whole night when I finally get
it over I have to then shove my body
against his body so that he can never
move again
I just feel like whole door from Game of
Thrones oh my gosh add a single again
I especially lived alone I wish we could
do that right like I think marriages
would be better
I think I'd last even you guys been
together for a while I miss showering
alone that was all that was those are
the good days you just like get in the
shower alone cuz when a guy just hears
the water turn on he thinks it's like an
invitation to get in it's not you do
like a guy could just hear the water
turn on and music Oy
like now like ladies like cuz we have
things that we have to do anything and
then we don't do that when they get in
like we start to act Illustrated
a lot of lathering for no reason and
guys always fall for it - they're like
oh my go babe you look so hot oh really
I'm just very this is a shower when you
guys beat Albert
just one here you go will do I was
Middle East
our therapist uh she tells us that my
favorite part in therapy when we go is
uh when she's a diagnosing him like this
is my favorite part ever because she'll
be like she'll be like letting him have
it in front of me but I on the outside I
have to act dumb you know I have to be
like oh I never knew that but on the
inside he goes I feel like I'm her
height man she did it
hey mama you see boy mama
rather mean
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I have done things for my appearance and
slipping here that I could never have
imagined in my wildest nightmares living
back in the Midwest I paid an Armenian
woman I gave my money to her to burn the
hair off of my [ __ ] with a laser beam
that's of us know a lot in Wisconsin
beer you keep your ass here that's for
survival you need
the more the better come winter honestly
if you don't want yours I'll take yours
I'm famous all right otherwise you have
to put a mint in your butt crack or
something minor way you do wouldn't just
go out into the elements like that
though but no not here here you're a
[ __ ] loser if you got a skier so I
went to this lady's place I don't know
what to an office I guess when today ask
your office
I was not her first customer she was not
shy she ready she right away was like
hold your butter puffs with your hands I
was like oh my goodness okay but you
really never know what you're going to
get with a Groupon do you do you realize
thank you participate in the procedure
to do
happy to help me what are we gonna do
say no I can't choose a laser beam so I
was like okay there it is you see it and
then she lead my ass on fire
I screamed her no sound I never heard
myself make before cuz she licked me ass
on fire
and then she said to me it hurts because
there is a lot of it today believe it or
not you just wander in off the street to
show you my [ __ ] finish it and she
did finish it she did a nice job now
it's very smooth needs to be Fabian
perfectly honest with you now without my
clothes on I look like a stack of
pancakes and it's been a long time since
someone puts Europe on these pancakes if
you know what I mean you do cuz you
throw up in your throat
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
I keep trying to get my boyfriend to
tell me that his parents hate me I'm
like come on your parents are totally
racist against me they're white people
from Wisconsin you can tell me they're
racist he's like no babe my parents
totally support our relationship because
my dad feels really guilty about Vietnam
this section was on board
you guys are like too soon to suit 40
years not enough time you guys are
adorable are you on a date that's that's
so cute so you should be on a gap ad I
swear to god you're just so you're just
like oh my god I've never had an STD
ever and you're like I'm gonna come out
of the closet in like four years
how is everybody's holidays did
everybody have a really good holiday
okay does anyone here have kids yes okay
so you guys know people who have kids
during the holidays they don't send
Christmas cards anymore they send
pictures of kids right that's like a
thing that you guys do you like line up
the little [ __ ] in front of the tree
and like cute little outfits like
reindeer hats and then you take a
picture and that's like becomes your
Christmas card and like all my friends
have kids now so these I only get these
cards and the funniest thing about these
cards is the kid has always written you
a letter on the back of a card and it's
like Siri auntie Helen 2012 was a big
year for me because I learned how to
walk I'm like I know you didn't write
this [ __ ] you little liar put your mom
on the phone
but I feel left out because literally
every single one of my friends has kids
I always get these cards now I and I
feel left out because I don't have kids
so I decided next year for Christmas
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna invite a
guy to come over and jizz on my stomach
and I'm gonna take a picture of that
[Applause]
Merry Christmas from the kids that never
were
I mean heaven forbid we go up a size and
I get circulation in my calves again I'm
feeling good tonight hope I'm looking
good thank you thank you yeah these are
new jeans so where I'm special for you
guys they're tight it's a lot they're
really tight uh but they are called
curvy skinny so spread the word ladies
we really can have it all
that's right
skinny jeans yeah we're numb I regret it
already I'm not gonna lie
okay skinny jeans we all wear them but
in a few years I think we're gonna
regret it you guys people who say they
live their life with no regrets have
clearly never caught a glimpse of
themselves and the Walmart security
camera when you're walking in in a pair
of skinny jeans yeah
90% of that footage is people looking up
all confident till they see themselves
and they scurry away skinny jeans are
the acid-washed jeans of the 21st
century they're gonna make fun of them
in flashback scenes and sitcoms our kids
are gonna look at pictures of us and be
like oh my gosh mom you know the same
way you did when you saw your mom and
those Janet Jackson shoulder pads
you still wear um is that what you just
said you are a brave woman but you know
I bet nobody messes with you you don't
even fit through the door it's amazing
and we wear our skinny jeans so tight I
mean heaven forbid we go up a size and I
get circulation in my calves again I
mean really and I will get into my
skinny jeans you know that move we all
do it this move every time we get out of
the car we're like Oh only time I ever
do a lunge is when I'm trying my skinny
jeans now we will fight to get in them
we're not going up a size no way we're
getting in them
we're gonna wrestle them we're gonna get
em in and then suddenly you've ripped a
belt loop
well I guess I have to buy these now
couple of men in the audience I see you
acting like you don't know what I'm
talking about please
men's jeans are getting tighter and
tighter we're one season away from
girlfriend fit for men and I'm gonna
hate them cuz they are gonna look better
on him that they do on me which is rude
okay ladies you ever thought like oh
this will be so cute I'm gonna put on my
boyfriend or my husband's jeans only to
get him caught like right here turns out
I'm wider than I thought for a long time
I was like I'm only gonna marry someone
who has bigger legs than me I was single
for a while guys sometimes you just
gotta lower the bar you really do
it's just the best thing to do
women are hopeful people though okay
women are super hopeful people and
here's how I know that all right because
every woman I knows hanging on to a pair
of jeans that she believes will fit her
again someday
I have those genes okay 2004 was a good
year for me I want him for about three
weeks freshman year at college till I
discovered the unlimited soft-serve in
the cafeteria
call it my freshman 15 pounds of Froyo a
week so was rough it was rough but it
was delicious I gotta be honest I'm kind
of winded from pretending to put on
skinny jeans so that's how things are
going for me lately last week I got
tired blow-drying my hair I had to take
a break the other day I needed to do
some work on my laptop so I bent over to
plug it in and I was like I'll just use
my phone
recently tried to pull myself out of a
swimming pool I think I'm just gonna go
ahead and order that Life Alert now yeah
had to do the whole one leg over then
roll out they had paramedics on standby
it was not pretty you guys I've done
literally every workout you can possibly
imagine I've done it that's right
I recently try to work out there like
listen if you do this for two weeks
you're gonna look like Kelly Ripa all
right so I did it for two weeks
and I still looked like I ate Kelly Ripa
has anybody here done Zumba whoa we got
some Zumba ladies in the house every
Sumba class I've ever been to is like a
sea of women and one guy who's better
than everyone
and that's the guy I would always fall
madly in love with before I met my
husband I'd be like oh my gosh mom he's
so cute we take the same dance class and
we're so obsessed with Beyonce and we
love all the same actors I just don't
know why he doesn't notice me
for those of you who don't know what
Zumba is Zumba is like a Latin dance
class for people who can't dance so it's
pretty fun it's a great way to figure
out which parts of your body want to
keep dancing when you stop living it
goes on and on
ladies and gentlemen no my very very
first time taking Zumba was at my local
YMCA and I was no joke
maybe the youngest person in the class
by like four decades yeah it was like a
sea of Ruth Bader Ginsburg shimmying to
a pitbull song it was the most shameful
thing I've ever done
but I looked amazing I've also tried
CrossFit anybody try that to anybody do
that all right so we got some intense
people in the audience that's good a
little scary but intense you know I
light ride CrossFit and I would love to
tell you about it um but I backed out
ten seconds in so
I am 99% sure that all of CrossFit was
derived from the movie rocky for like
hey strap those tires around your waist
and go play on that field yeah we know
it's winter just do it later you're
gonna fight a Russian we all have
friends who CrossFit you guys and we all
wish we could unfriend them on Facebook
CrossFitters - they have their own
language like they have their entire
vocabulary you know it's like hey man
totally crush today's blog man went
beast mode on that am ramp you know
totally went up primal imma KB's and the
squats and MIDI LS ISM acute ers you
know what I mean I'm like wow today I
walked to the mailbox and I got chased
by a bee on my way back and it was
pretty hot outside so please don't hurt
me
[Music]
all right I'm gonna start a CrossFit
moving company it's gonna be like hey
come on down here strap that piano on
your back move across town cross that
[Music]
now five six seven eight years ago you
guys let's just say I was living a
different life you know I was eating
chicken nuggets every day just down in
icecream whenever I want and then
something happened and it was like
suddenly the back of my arm just gave up
I think no longer give high fives and
short sleeve t-shirts because of the
initial shake and the aftershock and
there's nothing you can do about it it's
not like there's Spanx for your arms
I've looked into it guys they don't
exist not a lot you can do no I can't we
talk about Spanx for a second let's just
talk about that billion-dollar industry
okay all based around spandex yeah for
those of you who don't know what Spanx
are it's a piece of fabric that's about
that big and you put it on your body
it takes about 25 minutes to put on yeah
and you like pull weird muscles and
places you didn't know you had muscles
on the way up and by the time you get
them on your hairs all frizzy because
you got hot and sweaty yeah turn that
straightener back on you know once you
got a mind you feeling pretty good
alright I look good I got this and one
wrong movement and they were all down
and suddenly you have the most
magnificent muffin top the world has
ever seen and there's nothing you can do
about it you can't tuck it back in and
the people who saw what happened they
cannot see it
yeah lost a lot of second dates that way
okay so clearly I'm not much of an
athlete but I do love the Olympics I
feel like we can all get on board with
the Olympics it's the patriotic thing to
do right we all love it yeah very good
very good
the Olympics are amazing Summer Olympics
are the best obviously sometimes I wish
we could have the Olympics more often
you know like every year until I
realized like well wait you know what
two weeks every four years is the exact
amount of time that I'm emotionally
capable of caring about badminton when
the Olympics rolled around suddenly I'm
like oh my gosh I love the shotput and
I'm an expert in dressage yeah I asked
Siri what choice Oz was and she was like
don't worry about it it's almost over
it's not a big deal and by the way how
does one become a professional badminton
player really is it like well I used to
play it once the summer at my grandma's
house with a couple of cousins I don't
really like and the Olympics found out
and they were like hey you want a
two-week vacation all we ask is that you
refrain from giggling every time you
hear the word shuttlecock it's hard to
do
it's a big commitment I love the
Olympics this past summer Olympic Simone
biles kind of came on the scene she was
the gymnast to beat everybody love yeah
oh yeah
you gotta love her right I know she came
into our lives when we were like buh-bye
Jennifer Lawrence America has a new
sweetheart yeah she's so good that one
gymnast attempted the vault of death to
try and beat her the vault of death you
guys and suddenly the Olympics turned
into a Will Ferrell movie I attempted my
own vault to death trying to use the
bathroom at Walmart without touching the
seat
I did not place
[Applause]
the gymnast who attempted the vault of
death was 41 years old that's pretty
unheard of okay she had children who
were almost the same age as the u.s.
gymnastics team and twice the age of the
Chinese team
I cannot imagine being 41 years old and
running full speed towards a vault to
hurdle my body over it then again I
can't imagine like running full speed
and I had a baby last year and you guys
know what that ladies you know what
happens when you start running after a
baby kidding me
shower afterward there is one sport in
the Olympics that I know I would excel
at I would be amazing at it that's speed
walking
yeah training would be awesome they'd be
like Oh Rach and then here's the
situation you're not allowed to run and
there's ice cream at the finish line
[Applause]
and we all make fun of that walk but
we've all done that walk every summer
when we were kids at the public pool and
the lifeguard was like nobody
I'm exhausted
oh so I'm a married lady thank you I
know it's hard to believe that Wow
how do you do believe in me lot didn't
so it's hard to believe all this got
snatched up nope I'm a married lady it's
pretty great let me just say romance is
different once you get married yeah
after a while you're like Oh Valentine's
Days rolling around you tell your
husband like let's just stay in order a
pizza your husband helps you clean out a
couple of closets suddenly you've never
found him more attractive and bam nine
months later your parents
yeah that is my daughter's origin story
guys
[Applause]
I absolutely love being married but
every once in a while I think to myself
like remember when he was single and
then I slap myself in the face
and think oh remember when I was single
the last time I went out before I met my
husband the only guy that talked to me
was wearing a cape few minutes into the
conversation I was like keeps not so bad
till I remember I've seen the Phantom of
the Opera and this does not end well
you're not my angel of music so get out
of here you weirdo I was under the
impression when I got married that I
would suddenly magically transform into
a new and improved person spoiler alert
you don't know you're the same old
person except now you have someone
around all the time to call you out on
it
I remember one time my husband came home
open the freezer and was like hey Jenna
what happened to the cookie dough ice
cream why is it now just vanilla ice
cream
[Applause]
well husband the 15 minutes that I stood
in front of the open freezer was the
closest all ever come to being an
archaeologist on a dig
they call me Indiana Kim Jones and the
last card in a cookie dough ice cream
marriage is weird it didn't really
change me it definitely aged me my
husband and I we're like thirty five
years from retirement but we're already
there in our hearts and our minds you
guys see what I did there your hearts
and your minds I'm losing it
no now it's like if my husband and I go
out and he has to circle the block for
parking he's like they don't want us
here they clearly don't want us here and
the sun's gonna go down what are we
doing and I'm no better I'm like hey
babe are we going anywhere a fancy for
dinner
cuz I'm thinking about just wearing the
sweatshirt so I don't have to put a bra
on I remember when my husband had his
first cold when we got married
right he was like babe do we have any
tissues he's very pathetic when he's
sick
do we have any tissues I was like um
okay well I guess the roll of toilet
paper that I lovingly laid on your
bedside table isn't good enough for your
delicate nasal passage after that he
went out and bought the name-brand
tissues you know the good stuff infused
with aloe stuff that feels good on your
nose what a wuss
plus I was like whoa use those are
expensive tissues I didn't see that on
the budget you gave me last week lot of
you are pretty sensitive about tissues I
feel like I hit a soft spot are we gonna
be okay
no they say that imitation is the most
sincere form of flattery well if that's
the case then why has every fight I've
ever had with my husband started with
the phrase here I'll be you
yeah this'll be good no I'm gonna beat
you here I'll do it I got oh my wife is
so mean
she makes me take out the garbage all by
myself yeah yeah and then of course he
starts in like target target shop at
Target spend all our money at Target
Oreos Oreos target target target
[Applause]
like I get the Oreos but why you gotta
bring target into this not cool dude
men they don't get it they don't get why
we love target it's like babe I know
when we got married I said that you made
all my dreams come true but it's
actually target target slogans should be
comforted leave with everything else
yeah I spent less than $20 at Target one
time yeah thank you I know it was
incredible I took a picture of my
receipt texted it to my husband it's the
only thing framed on his desk at work
he basically threw a parade in my honor
you guys he still brags about it to his
friends but you got to keep her man
she's a keeper
anytime we have a fight I'm like yeah
but that one time I didn't I only spent
$20 at Target
I'm a parent Wow I know they let me take
the baby home from the hospital the day
I had my baby I went straight to
Facebook and I was like I lost nine
pounds in 28 hours
take that Hollywood diets never felt
better about myself parenting is crazy
can we just all say it's a little nutty
okay yeah it's weird it's like hey are
you into co-dependent relationships and
hate sleep have a baby the last time
that someone screamed and then barf taun
me was in college and we don't talk
anymore but my baby has pooped peed and
barked on me all within 30 seconds
and we still let her live in our house
[Music]
there are days when all I want is for my
baby to go to sleep I'm just like go to
sleep let's put you to bed bedtime rolls
around
she's safe she's asleep and I'm free I
don't even know what to do first I start
skipping around the house quietly cuz
heaven forbid like what should i do
should I eat something should i watch
something should I just sit and be quiet
for five seconds and not have someone
touching me and then like 37 minutes
later I'm on my stupid phone looking at
cute pictures of her cuz I miss her
something's wrong yeah I finally
understand my friends who have kids like
okay two years ago a friend of mine said
something on Twitter like this morning a
little it's hard to even say okay this
morning I woke up to a little girl at
the foot of my bed saying let's play two
years ago I unfollowed her that's like
the start to a Stephen King novel okay
now I'm like oh my gosh I can't wait
till my baby comes and scares the crap
out of me in the morning
I am jealous of my husband's job for one
reason his lunch break think about it
one hour of uninterrupted freedom to
just eat whatever you want yeah cuz now
anytime I eat something in the house
there's this little person with their
big eyes staring at me their little
voice begging their little hands
reaching out now I know what my husband
feels like when he brings a snack to bed
I know he said I wasn't hungry but can I
just have a bite just away okay he just
has okay but can't you just go get me
oh you guys I'm not good at social media
we have so many places we have to like
post stuff now Instagram incredibly
stressful I don't even know what to post
it's like I can only get so many
haircuts every month you know not a lot
left if Instagram was a true depiction
of my life be a real train wreck really
it would like cut my finger on the clean
wrap box again today
try to fold a fitted sheet and only
cried once took a nap on the blow-up bed
in our living room hashtag we had
visitors hashtag four months ago stag
lazy there is something online that I
want to talk to you guys about I feel
like it's growing it you know I can
really bring people down make women feel
less and it's kind of addictive I think
you guys know what I'm talking about
it's Pinterest yeah yeah that's right
Pinterest before Pinterest women like me
we would just read Martha Stewart
magazine once a month if we wanted to
feel inadequate
now that feelings just like one click
away always in everybody acts like all
Pinterest is so great listen Pinterest
you didn't reinvent the wheel okay you
figured out how to bake a cupcake in a
mason jar and it's very cute but calm
down at the end of the day Pinterest is
just a great way to horde without all
the dead cats
[Music]
I'm not a fashionista no I don't really
know a lot about fashion I don't claim
to I am not good at it no any sense of
style that I had evaporated into thin
air the moment I bought my first pair of
Crocs most of junior high in high school
I didn't know you had to style the back
of your hair as well as the front for a
long time I was rocking the business in
the front drain rec in the back
I recently mistook a hipster for a
homeless person
turns out I live in a way nicer
neighborhood than I thought
everybody on the Block owes me some
spare change I felt bad for my mistake
then she was like oh my gosh thank you
so much I was going for hobo chic can I
do an ambush makeover for my blog I love
your ironic Crocs
now I don't know what they do everywhere
in the country but in California where I
live you have to put your weight on your
driver's license yeah and it's not like
they weigh you it's like an honor system
thing
so I lied I put like five ten twenty
five pounds under my ideal weight
and then I started to think about it
maybe that wasn't a good idea because
like say the police had to find me based
on my license they'd be looking for
somebody with the body type of a 12 year
old boy instead of a fun to hug 30 year
old woman trouble we live in a country
we got a lot of food issues in our
country right I think I heard something
like they're saying 70% of the
population is now technically overweight
at some point when are we just gonna say
that thirty percent of the population
are skinny and the rest of us are normal
[Applause]
thank you know as adults we've kind of
been like 'no whatever we're a lost
cause and we're all worried about the
children you know
cuz we got all these beefy kids running
around
well not running but
[Applause]
now that places you know like to try to
help are putting the calorie count on
menus you know so you go to fast food
restaurants like food item price calorie
count you know you guys have seen in
it's supposed to help you make a better
decision let's just say it's never
changed the way I order it's just
changed the scenario so now when I'm at
McDonald's by myself on a Tuesday at
midnight alone by myself in my
stretchies it's like hey McDonald's
employee let's take this already low
point in both of our lives
and at about 1700 calories to it and you
better turn on that ice cream machine
Sean you better turn it on and that's
right I do call him by his first name
Taco Bell recently announced I guess it
turns out it's the most healthy fast
food restaurant in America that's a real
sentence I just said
that's blew my mind honestly you guys
because I know not one person in the
history of the world that has walked
into a Taco Bell inside I am here to
make good decisions
[Applause]
no no I've never seen it buying at the
drive-through at Taco Bell in the
daytime cuz we're all waiting for the
Sun to go down cuz we're ashamed cuz
Taco Bell tastes better between the
hours of 2:00 and 3:00 in the morning
when we're incapable of making good
decisions no hate - Taco Bell totally
loved it
they ever want to sponsor me I'm totally
down I have a lot of food issues I do
love food love it a lot don't make a lot
of good choices I've been told
this is a true story I recently bought a
few things at Whole Foods and my credit
card company called me with a fraud
alert
somebody's buying vegetables with your
credit card and we know it can't be you
I have a couple of well-intentioned
healthy friends you know those healthy
people in your life good people they are
they're trying they're part of the
skinny 30% one of most friends she
posted an article on Facebook that said
cinnamon helps care infections so I
thought if I need a cinnamon roll
everyday I'll probably still die but at
least it won't be from an infection no
this healthy friend of mine she thinks
fruit is a dessert
guys fruit is not a dessert
fruit is a snack between meals when I'm
on a diet
she's one of those people that says
things like you know oh this dessert is
too rich for my blood
guys that's the thing thin people say
when food tastes really good when she
says that I'm ordering too I'm not the
healthy friend and you guys know I'm not
the healthy friend I'm the friend that
if you call me at 2:00 in the morning
and you want Pizza Huts hot dog pizza
I'm gonna get out of bed I'm gonna put
on a bra and I'm gonna get it for you
yeah thank you
[Applause]
yeah honestly though it turns out my
guidance counselor was right and I
really should just give up and deliver
pizzas for the rest of my life I'd be so
happy I've never been to therapy I'm not
saying that to brag or anything I'm just
saying that because I told that to a
friend of mine in LA and she was like oh
my gosh is that why you eat so much and
I was like no duh
I don't pair wine with food you guys i
pair snacks with mood I don't know what
the feelings to Pizza ratio is but I
know it's high
family size frozen lasagna for one I'm
actually having a pretty good day
honestly
you should see what I eat when I'm sad
people have said I'm a candy addict that
is probably true
I love candy I love it so much but candy
addicts we don't get a lot of street
cred yeah we don't it's okay let me
break it down for you okay if you're a
smoker you can go up to another smoker
and be like hey man can I get a
cigarette smoke it go on your way but if
I'm like hey break me off a piece of
that kid
I'm the weirdo
guys that is a slogan about sharing uh
if the slogan was keep it all to
yourself like a jerk yeah I wouldn't ask
I got one more job for you guys tonight
my husband his favorite show of all time
is America's Funniest Videos yeah I mean
I'm okay with it but here's the thing I
have been married to him for a while and
I've only made him laugh like four times
yeah and all four of those times I
tripped so
at least it was dignified so that's good
but I would like work on a new joke I'm
so excited about it I can't wait to tell
it to him he'll be like hmm that's funny
but 30 seconds into an episode of AFV
he's like you guys get here Jenna this
is so funny he's gonna fall down
did you see it let me rewind it you
didn't get it
hmmm that's funny
seriously though okay imagine I was not
a professional comedian let's say I was
a professional soccer player okay just
pretend okay I know it's a stretch
pretend I'm a professional soccer player
that'd be like my husband saying
soccer's all right but foosball now
that's a sport
[Applause]
[Music]
there are I think just approximately
nine million episodes of AFV it total
and 97% of them are on TV at all times
it's like every third Channel this is my
life
yeah I'm not afraid of dying in like a
normal way you guys I'm not afraid of
like slipping when I get out of the
shower and hitting my head or you know
like maybe a car accident on the
California freeways now I'm afraid of
dying because my husband threw a beach
ball at me when I was coming down the
stairs trying to get us on an episode of
America's Funniest Videos
hope you got that on tape babe good luck
explaining that one to the police
that's got Dateline episode written all
over it if anything happens to me you
guys just remember America America I
died for you thank you
[Applause]
you
did I'll tell you guys this I
accidentally shot my dad's penis once it
was a quick whoopsie you know he was
leaving the shower I was going in and
he's an accident in Meerut happen and I
never thought about it again I was 14 I
wasn't everything about this again and I
never thought about it again until I
started hooking up with the dudes and
then I realized that my dad has a
monster dog oh and it's ruined me for
life because now every time i hook up
with a guy when I see it for the first
time I'm just like [ __ ] and he's like
what just like it's just smaller than my
dad's everything is smaller than my
dad's and ladies you know he got up for
drinks with your girls and the question
always comes up so Carly what's the
biggest penis you've ever seen him and
every time I have to be like I don't
know
my dad's surrounding me yeah and guys I
was I was out for drinks with my girls
recently and they were like Carly I'm
like how many people have you hooked up
with like what's your number
shaking that's a horrible thing to ask
anyone you know but it did get me
thinking and I realize it's not even
that the number is so high I just
realized I don't remember anyone's name
like for me I remember the names of the
people I've hooked up with he's like
trying to remember the names of the
presidents you know like I can tell you
the first and the one right now besides
how a lot of white dudes one black guy
one time almost a woman you know
clothes see I am single guys single and
ready to go to bed that's where I'm at
and I will say I think that you watch a
lot of porn I think a lot of yes I think
a lot of street identifying women watch
lesbian porn I do I think all straight
identifying women watch let's be
important and the reason why I think is
regardless of sexuality there's just
something hot about knowing that both
the actors are getting paid the same you
know
like coming from equal opportunity thank
you guys
[Applause]
[Music]
you
this stuff getting older and and the
biggest thing is just managing the pain
you know used to if if you saw me
limping
there was a story to go with it you know
I'd over into the bleachers to catch the
ball and now I just have these random
jolts of pain I mean not long ago I was
talking to some friends and I said yeah
I just I just signed up for Netflix and
I binge watched both seasons of stranger
things and they're like what's wrong and
I'm like I don't know it's like just one
day I woke up and I've gone from baby
got back the baby got bad back and
lately I've been having this terrible
shoulder pain I couldn't figure out what
was causing it I finally realized it was
my durum purse and I don't even know
what's in the black hole that makes it
so happy because whatever I'm looking
for I can't find but when I go to the
grocery store even if I only need one
thing I get a buggy to push that purse
and I know this is a universal problem
because the other day I saw a lady
pushing a stroller and her kid was
walking but that purse is strapped in
of you know what they're saying you know
50s a new 40 42 new thirty nine o´clock
Sanu midnight and it doesn't matter what
time I go to bed I wake up tired think
what was the point
I could have done something else
and now start to see more than just the
physical signs of aging you know now I'm
starting to see those other signs of
when I'm driving if I'm not sure where
I'm going I have to turn the radio down
so I can see
[Music]
lady said to me the other day just wait
a few years I'd put your glasses on to
hear
and the other day I'm leaving the mall I
have my packages I go to put my bags in
the trunk can't get the key to work I
keep hitting my remote it won't release
the trunk I can't figure out what the
world is wrong with this so finally I
think well maybe my latches hung up so I
took my fist and I popped the truck
suddenly the car door opens a man steps
out and goes could I help you
I said oh ma
[Applause]
I so will sugar about your prayers
I mean he had a red car I have a red car
courses and Mercedes and mine's a cuckoo
Kia
apparently I can only distinguish colors
now their least I'm not the only person
losing her car in a parking lot I kid
you not last Christmas I saw a woman get
out of her car at a crowded mall and she
took a plunger with a pink scarf tied to
it and she slept it on top of her
[Music]
[Laughter]
introducing the new car finder
I'm seriously starting to worry about
myself about ten years ago I went to
visit a friend of Mines mother in the
nursing home and we were sitting there
talking I knew she didn't recognize me
so finally I said Do You Know Who I am
and she said no she said but if you'll
go out there to that desk that lady I
tell you who you are and what room
you're supposed to be in back then I
thought that was funny
now I have days when I need to talk to
lay that dance but some days I don't
know my name much less anyone elses a
conversation with me has become like a
game of charades I was trying to think
this actors name and I said to my
friends oh you know him he has dark hair
he was in that movie oh you do you know
the movie and people yeah he married
married what's her name she was on that
show with those other girls they were in
New York couldn't come up with anything
and then when it finally comes to me
it's like Tourette's
three days later I'm standing in line at
the grocery store and I don't know where
I go Matthew Broderick
hey everybody I'm Karen Mills thanks so
much for watching my clip and now you
can watch my entire special for only 99
cents if you'll just click here you'll
get this show in its entirety or you can
just watch more comedy clips from me and
my fellow comedians just click here and
there's more comedy to come
one thing I always think with you you
have so much talent you have so much
billion s why do you go up on the stage
I told you the same thing you did no you
said you didn't want me to why do I yeah
because I really enjoy it yeah but you
got to but if you want me to from now on
I could be very good but I enjoy is I
enjoyed but I think I think you haven't
is try to be hundred percent clean too
but sometime you might enjoy it I do try
we're not do the Laugh Factory in Long
Beach on a Sunday the whole show is
completely totally clean but you know
what let me be honest with you when I'm
completely totally clean that means I
have to think the whole that like I
think really hard yeah it's good to have
to think but don't pay me enough to
think I told you this what do I have to
gain I'm only caring about you I just
want you to have both okay
and I know you say you did The Tonight
Show fine it's five minutes but I'd love
to see you go up and then and then
people are amazed that oh my god she's
dirty too but I don't want you to be
dirty out of the box I could do why
would I give you a voice what do I have
to get I'm telling you that because I
love you oh good I mean a lot of people
in here they love you yeah everybody
every comedian thank you everybody they
taught you in here they came in at your
mentor they were here everybody cheering
for you to become successful including
down included every employee in here
they're all praying for you to become
successful because they love you to
become say but you know sometimes I
think what Dom saying or everybody you
could do you could have both Walt yeah
you could be a going out force there's
such good characters you know and look
you know Tiffany you see me I'm not
pristine but I've earned I want you to
earn the the thing of being dirty don't
what should be dirty because it's easier
you don't have to think yeah cuz I know
that I mean it's just like my everyday
conversation is what I have with my
friends and stuff you know we'll start
out like oh yeah girl what's my problem
ah but then let me tell you what this
mother and you know like cuz that's how
we talk so that's that's kind of what
I'm
like I gravitate to and I want to know
did you ever tell Richard Pryor that yes
okay well then look at his icon any you
but Richard the time Richard Pryor could
work cleaning I guarantee yeah but I
can't tell if you pay me to no Richard
he didn't get any paid that time he was
working in here excuse me you're getting
paid yeah he didn't want to he gave me a
hundred-dollar bill
you remember I told you the story yeah
he gave me a hundred-dollar bill but I
think for usefully is most important
thing try to think about it go yeah
first Fido no no no first five-minute
fest for four or five minutes show
people show that your talent you're so
talented you are so brilliant is not too
many people as beautiful as you are as
talented you are as they can do all of
it yeah yeah because you got stage
presence and you can't teach that you
know you can't you're either have it or
you don't it's a gift you know the
material you can come by you can buy
jokes I'm not good enough I think I
think you have it yeah I've seen you do
clean I see you have it I only think I
would suggest the time you started
that's five minute first four five
minutes clean then get to the dirty
that's no problem that's good you know
that's what you enjoy you know you
should do it you know but I seen some
people some comedian they're going on
the stage but you're not at least you
have a talent I've seen some comedian go
on the stage every other word if that if
that I said where's the joke well what
it becomes is like it's like when people
can't think like I was like you know
like what like four days I was like with
that's a resi he [ __ ] said that the
[ __ ] in there yeah they say first yeah
but like when I'm doing clean comedy up
before I go onstage if I know it's all
clean show I'll sit down I'll write out
okay this is what I'm gonna say I'm
gonna say this I'm gonna do this I'm
gonna do this now remember that you're
gonna talk about this you're gonna talk
about this gonna talk about this okay
then I get up there I start doing it
they're liking it then I'm like I'm
liking it then I'm thinking shoot
think they can handle a little some
motor nests oh no but it's all playing a
joke I was gonna do oh yeah okay this is
all that other joke I was gonna oh yeah
okay so like it's like constantly kind
of reminding myself and I don't want to
necessarily keep reminding myself that I
got to do to do it this way I want to
just be like BAM I am oh you want
supported oh yeah oh you like just wanna
go you know and I think but I understand
what you're saying and I if I practice
clean more it'll be easier but it's just
like I guess like lifting weights or
learn attracts just I think you know
part of you yeah is this support of you
at this time is in your mind is always
you have you know you have you know the
stuff going through your mind and a lot
of stuff go through your mind I really
know how smart your have billion - are
some of them doesn't come Express on the
stage I mean I seen lot of people that
come in here they don't have half at the
smart you are they go out there they put
see this back this [ __ ] this back I try
to make the time he talked about [ __ ]
he talking Leeteuk with it what you said
the time my daughter have that [ __ ]
what you said that crunchy boys never
said that exception they got that time
you talk about that my joke you talking
about the guy he's talking about his son
doing that he never talked about his
daughter he said if my daughter have a
what the how you use that word family I
never said the word in in that context
the joke was just that you never hear
father bragging about his daughter's
sexual prowess yeah that's my daughter
in there with those 10 guys I'm so
prisoner screaming like a banshee yes
she's just like a mother
yeah what crunchy I know no grandmother
before yeah
god blessed her stretched that great
cobweb [ __ ] of love yes
alright you got it out of me
[Music]
I drove up here.
I live in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Who's been to my hometown, 
Las Vegas?
Yeah.
(audience cheering)
Yeah.
Losers, yeah.
Yeah. I love Las Vegas,
but I'm not from there.
I grew up in the Midwest.
Anybody from the Midwest?
(audience cheering)
Where are you from?
- [Audience Member] Indiana.
- Indiana where else?
- [Audience Member] Chicago.
- Chicago? I'm from right
in between from
Milwaukee, Wisconsin,
oh, yeah, you betcha.
Yeah.
(audience laughing)
I don't know why, 
but we all say stuff backwards.
They throw me down
the stairs a towel.
(audience laughing)
I don't get back there very often,
but I went back this last summer.
I had a big family reunion.
Who's got crazy people
in their family?
Know my pain?
(audience cheering)
No, I got an email for this thing
like in January, from a cousin.
"Oh, Kathleen, 
"we're having our very first,"
she typed the accent in the email.
(audience laughing)
"We're having our very
"first family reunion.
"Hope you can make it.
"It's going to be a hoot!
(audience laughing)
"Please RSVP ASAP. 
"Love, your cousin."
And I filed it away.
I don't even read the whole email.
Every month, I get reminders.
"Don't forget about the reunion."
File it away.
Well, the next thing I know,
this thing's a week out.
Oh my gosh, I forgot.
Now I had to scramble,
get a hotel, airline ticket,
you know, car rental,
had to get a new outfit,
right, girls?
You can't go back
all schmucka, right?
(audience laughing)
I found this stunning cocktail dress,
ladies, stunning.
Made me look skinny,
made me look young,
matching shoes, matching bag,
everything I had to pay
for this trip, 3,200 bucks.
I get to this thing.
I didn't read the whole email.
It's a picnic
(audience laughing)
in a park.
It's raining.
They're all standing in the rain, 
drinking beer.
I'm like, "You gotta be kidding me."
You know what we do
when it rains in Las Vegas?
We go in the house.
That's what we do,
you bunch of idiots
(audience laughing)
and the cousin in charge sees me,
"Oh Kathleen is that you?
"Look at you all fancy-schmancy.
"Where'd you think 
"you was going, prom?
(audience laughing)
"It's good to see ya.
"Yeah, someone said 
"you moved to Las Vegas,
"Is that right?
"It sure gets hot there.
"That was stupid.
(audience laughing)
"You a stand-up comedian?
"That's not your job?
"That your job?
"They pay you money for that? 
"Kind of nuts.
"Well, it's your life.
(audience laughing)
"You want to throw it all away,
"that's your business now, isn't it?"
(audience laughing)
And then, she says to me,
"You never call us anymore,
"why is that?"
I said, Well, 'cause it turns out
I hate all you people.
(audience laughing)
cuz I like fighting with people I had an
ex recently want to meet up with me and
she was like hey I want to get together
and talk okay so I met up with her and
she sat down the first thing she said is
so I have AIDS I know she's like huh
just kidding and I was like oh my god
like thought you had me so worried that
I gave it to you cause you got to phone
them back my dog I just got her I just
got our medical vest so I could take her
everywhere I just pretend like I'm
diabetic
and I'm walking to the store that and
the clerks like ma'am you can't bring
your dog in here I was like yes I can
I'm diabetic this [ __ ] has my insulin I
was like oh yeah is she inject you with
it I was like you're goddamn right she
does I was like oh yeah and how exactly
does she do that ma'am I was like I
don't know I'm unconscious when she does
it
I was like all right welcome to Whole
Foods I got my dog a harness
I got her a harness like a like you know
so she's not choking and uh normally
when I walk my dog and I like people
have questions you know they won't know
what kind of dog is she hold and she is
she a rescue that day I couldn't find
her harness so that they all people
could ask is why is there dildo attached
to her like a lobster harness so I had
to use mine I told my dog for wider than
that I think she took the crap right in
front of the apartment building next to
mine I picked it up was already in the
bag lady pops her head out the window of
the building and she's like your dog
can't poop there she has to be 72 feet
away from residents to poop I was like
that's ridiculous she's like I didn't
smell your dog's poop from inside my
window I was like lady when you [ __ ]
inside I could smell it from in here
just like I'm gonna get you kicked out
of your apartment I was like what is
your problem because it's black not big
enough for two pieces of [ __ ] like
then I swear to God she goes I'm gonna
tell your landlord you're a prostitute I
was like my landlord is one of my best
customers
[Music]
I like to go day-drinking come on
I'm hanging up their day drinkers yeah
[ __ ] day drinkers I'm a night ringer
too one thing about that is you know
when you go day drinking you get home
it's about 6 p.m. and you're hammered
and it's just 6 p.m. can't go back out
can't go to bed you're just [ __ ]
sitting you're texting your grandma like
what the book is oh I put makeup on my
basset hound
twice she was not thrilled with that but
I do things like and the other day I am
for example what ends up happening I
wake up at about 2:00 a.m. because my
calf starts to lock up day drinkers
y'all familiar with this thing when you
dehydrate your body so much that your
[ __ ] starts to [ __ ] lock up on you and
it gets worse and worse and you're like
no no no no yeah and then you're up for
about 4 hours so I did that happened the
other night and I looked on my phone and
I had two notifications on Facebook from
the Kentucky super off-the-books we
don't like interact and I went oh oh he
did I had yellow on Facebook when I was
drunk my phone may need a breathalyzer
and I very clicked on it the first one
and there was a picture of Hunter
starting flicked over hair and backpack
new clothes lunchbox and then right
under it for me Jenny Johnson yeah I'd
hit that
followed by PS tell him to bring the
lunch box I don't even know what that
means
I mean no idea I add to notifications
because she's [ __ ] life - both comas
sweet Jesus girl I'll tell you one more
horrible thing I did day drinking thing
was I thought on Halloween it'd be a
good idea for me to day drink of my
friends at my house and then pass out
candy to children not a good idea until
them and the last trick or treater I had
I decided okay this is it I've told my
first last [ __ ] kid look we're gonna
smoke a bowl like it was really mature
right and I open my front door and there
was a six-year-old boy dressed like
spider-man with the muscles built into
the costume and he even did like [ __ ]
move
you know and I was like weirdest [ __ ]
kid [ __ ] the parents at the end of my
driveway you know were they always like
I want you to know that we're here like
I [ __ ] see you and whose kid is I
should have just given them candy left
but that'd be fun but now boos brain
this is trick-or-treat I give them candy
and then I go there's legal news hey you
want to make your parents laugh
come on in this kid walked into my house
and then I turned around looked as
parents in the eye and went and slammed
the [ __ ] door shut I was laughing my
ass off I'm like I am the funniest but
the kid was like it was funny we made
him laugh I'm like I know right I have a
steep driveway those two [ __ ] made it
up like you would not believe banging on
my door what the hell as long as you
only go on apparently you know what I
came on to me he knocked on my door all
right can I come to your house replic
[ __ ] spider-man no nothing like a
nice cold beer a 10:00 in the morning hi
I'm Emily and if you're jealous of my
beer mugs don't worry you have a chance
to win one as well you just got to
subscribe comment below that you're
subscribed and let us know a funny
original joke and you have a chance to
win this original Laugh Factory beer mug
you better be funny or else you won't
win
[Laughter]
[Music]
the day solidifying my career choices I
thought about it you know some of my
friends were like what show when I said
you guys want to come to my show you
know come out tonight it's gonna be a
great show
they're like what show and I thought
what show at 42 like what show would I
be doing like this you know and then I
thought about it and I was like oh this
career that I chose mildly reminds me of
being a stripper and if you think about
it it kind of is that way like I'm like
standing on the stage staring out at a
bunch of people going what's she doing
up there same you know and I had to
think about like my outfit you know for
tonight and strippers have to do that
you know just like go to work and like
she nails you know you have to think
about your outfit clear heels and those
hurt right so anyone ever worn those no
no strippers here no [ __ ] Halloween
costumes you don't have to think about
your name too and I wouldn't want to
pick a name that would be like a stage
name that sells you want something
you're not getting you know like he or
she comes to the stage it's bulls you
know like know something's bubbly and
I'm like a [ __ ] sports bra so don't
let this fool you
mary-kate Ashley on stage tonight you
know or like a small little round it's
champagne no it's not gonna be my name
either you know I think a good name for
me it would be something like gentlemen
get your doublers out for diamond in the
rough you know and I just kind of
[ __ ] mom danced
thanks for comment you know like I
booked like a new slide like a cheetah's
and Reseda it's like the one campus guy
in the front that always comes waving
his dollar around like a white flag
Thanks
you know and I wouldn't have like a fun
young song either or like let's be fair
I'm not gonna [ __ ] sashe out to some
like Selena Gomez or Drake no I'm gonna
dance out to a song that represents like
what you paid to get you know like like
end of the road from boys to men
let's get strippers something for me you
know we Wilson Phillips hold on one more
day I am and I'm not gonna wear a thong
like let's be fair it doesn't look the
same at 42 as it did it 20 and probably
just like you know we're this you know
conservative sort of pee-wee Herman
meets the 90s suit flats they're
comfortable it's hard to strip you know
and you think I'm gonna bend over for
dollars like oh you know probably oh you
do it okay what it was like garbage
picker things you just be like oh my god
that's so bad I mean I dropped my
[ __ ] iPhone and it's taking me longer
to get it yeah that's like 1,400 bucks
oh your dollar no I just be like yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
my name is Abby Sanchez I am a 100%
Puerto Rican I like to say that off the
top just to clear up any confusion as to
what people might think I am because I
hear Abby's like Aussie Middle Eastern
diamond here Sanchez like he's too tall
to be Mexican
and then black people like he might be
mixed I don't know I get sometimes I'll
give me a second as a white dude and as
long as it's the police I don't really
care like that's why I'm here I got
pulled over one time the cop kinda just
looked and he's like you can go I was
like what is this white privilege cuz
I'm doing all types of white people [ __ ]
now like I went to a farmers market and
I bought cheese I started to leave in
Yelp reviews I'll let my shoes get dirty
as [ __ ]
you know saying like I did real alright
guys [ __ ] all the black people in the
room are gonna laugh at the dirty shoes
there because they know oh yeah that
joke I put up in the Internet and a lot
of like white dude's got mad at me cuz I
was talking [ __ ] about dirty shoes and
like our shoes are dirty because we work
hard not like you blacks and Latinos I
was like oh
went from shoes the [ __ ] racism real
quick that was okay like why do blacks
and Latinos just care about shoes so
much and I thought about it like why do
we care about shoe so much and then I
realized like when you've been oppressed
your whole life and the weight of the
world is on your shoulders and you're
just constantly looking down all you do
is just notice people's shoes oh those
are nice those are [ __ ] up there's a
puddle and you just like keep noticing
[ __ ] as you're slowly being gentrified
out of your neighborhood like that's
that's why have you care about shoes
when you're a white dude you're just
walking like this that dog [ __ ] [ __ ]
I'm so white in America right looking up
the sky like goodbye limitations like
that's
[Music]
you guys on a date anyone anyone on a
date tonight
yes what does it look like because I
don't [ __ ] know I never know if I'm
on a date like I never know what to wear
which is why I usually just throw on a
wedding dress and hope for the best
I don't go veil though I don't want to
freak him out um you know I I do want to
get married one day though I'm not one
of those people that just wants to do it
the one time though like I want to do it
a good six or seven times yeah like this
[ __ ] sounds fun
I don't have fun with my themes like my
first one right out of the gate we're
going Jurassic Park theme all the way
yes thank you it's going to be amazing
I'm going to ride in on a triceratops
sidesaddle cuz I'm a lady
then I'm going to walk down the aisle to
the Jurassic Park theme song and I'm
going to dress up my bridesmaids like
velociraptors just so everyone knows
it's my day I'm gonna look like a
princess those [ __ ] are going to look
like [ __ ] dinosaurs
I'm a ways away from that wedding day
though I'm single are there single
ladies out there
no none perfect thank you see we make
you know when we're out there because we
make a lot of noise we act like we're
very okay with being single in public in
public we're like yeah [ __ ] man I don't
need no man I'm independent I listen to
Beyonce and [ __ ]
I'll cut bangs straight across watch me
on the inside we are one Adele song away
from just losing our [ __ ] folks just
like emotionally eating guacamole or
Krispy Kreme I should not be allowed
within 50 feet of a Krispy Kreme for any
reason donut should really be called do
nots for me because when that hot donut
sign comes on that's like the bat signal
for me folks like I am in my car and
there lickety-split I was there last
Friday night because I'm single and I
order four doughnuts and the woman's
like are you sure you don't make that a
dozen and I'm just like from four really
like that's eight additional donuts
ma'am that's literally triple my order
number one number two you can see them
alone it's Friday night you hear the
Celine Dion [ __ ] don't kick me when I'm
down
but I will take two more crawlers [ __ ]
it give me the Dozen Cathy you know me
my name is even difficult for Indian
people to say my name is Pallavi Kavita
gunawan my dad's name is Concha put um
notch in canal in and I'll tell you
right now that just our names are our
passwords for everything good luck
[ __ ] you guys ain't gonna figure that
[ __ ] out our names are horrible for
social media but amazing on resumes
sometimes I just turn in a blank sheet
with my name on it and they're like
you're hired
doctor get in here more syllables I
don't know if they do that okay you guys
I turned 30 oh my god oh my god stop
start stop you're embarrassing me I
turned 30 and on my 30th birthday my
older brother had the audacity to call
me wish me happy birthday and tell me if
not now in the next year or two I'm
gonna have to freeze my eggs on my
[ __ ] birthday you guys do you know
how much it costs to freeze your eggs
somebody yell it out that [ __ ] is over
30 it costs $10,000 to freeze your eggs
my brother expects me to freeze my eggs
when I can't even afford a freezer how
dare he
I actually recently have been having the
urge to go visit my family in the same
way that a cat has the urge to go to the
woods and die like what's happening in
my body I don't know though I feel like
I feel like I feel like white people
really figured out how to abandon their
families see they're out of it there's
always one clapping they just dust
pulled their way from Kentucky all the
way to California
and just let those [ __ ] behind white
people taught me that you could be on a
family plan and never use it to call
your family
white people definitely came up with the
phrase friends or the family you choose
that is some white [ __ ] for Indian
people family are the stalkers we hit
huh that's why we can't we can't get rid
of them that's why there are no Indian
serial killers right our aunties would
be all up in our business they'd see the
whole thing and they'd be like pretty I
would have buried the bodies deeper hood
she would have done it better
you look so fat doing it
I I always talk about white people
during my set but it's only because you
guys fascinate me you amaze me
white people do [ __ ] I would never even
think to do right like white people will
put their grandma in a home and then
rescue a dog their grandma's fine with
it she's just like yeah well the cats
are getting the inheritance
oh she's popping pills and fluffy has a
401k what's happening in your household
I don't know why people you guys you
just don't play by the rules like even
the stereotypes about white people don't
make sense right like there's a
stereotype about white people
and that stereotype is that white people
kiss their pets no how is there a
stereotype where white people kiss their
pets when neither of you have lips ha
how do you do it don't get mad at that
joke though cuz then your lips just
disappear like
[Music]
[Laughter]
laughs [ __ ] there we go
got her
[Music]
I live in California I love California
is a melting pot people from everywhere
I mean my african-american friends there
they call me dog hey dog how are you dog
my Latino friends called me in saying my
white friends called me buddy
my middle-eastern friends called me in
say doll and my Indian friends called me
everyday to tell me I owe the IRS money
don't you see I don't like I don't want
I don't lie so I get distillate
telemarketers always trying to stuff you
know I don't want to lie to them or hang
up I go yeah I'm ready to buy wait ok
ready ok I'll give you my last name my
last name is Ric Kalle H we pronounce it
Smith for immigration reasons I go R as
in I as in Z as in K as in hello but I I
love this country because we are a
capitalist system
let me explain Kapil's into some of you
capitalism means from the day you're
born till the day you die
someone's gonna sell you something so
you're born and the Huggies diaper and
pampers will come after you
then fisher-price will come after you if
you're a girl Mattel and Barbie will
come after you if you're a boy Sony and
Microsoft will come after you then the
whole world will sell your stuff and if
they can't sell you anything they sell
your insurance never buy insurance from
a Christian insurance agency because to
them everything is an act of God and
they will not cover it
[Applause]
and then you get all then the drug
companies will come after you
then the Huggies people will come back
it's a cycle of life I know a capitalist
system because we have Costco however if
you go to Costco I got my glasses at
Costco I see everything in bulk Costco
they don't like us they give us three
food so we don't steal it if you go to
Costco go more than once a month cause
me and my wife we go on sometimes we'll
end up with this flat bed with toilet
papers and kitchen rolls and stuff and
we look we feel like gluttons can you
look at us people starving in Africa
look at us
she goes what do you mean - do you use
most of it till one day you know it was
so great it was like heaven this man
from Africa walks up to us in the
parking lot of Costco and he looks at me
cuz sir can you help me I go are you
from cuz oh I'm from Kenya you're from
Africa oh just take it off take it off
here here's 40 bucks just take it off no
no no no I just bought a big-screen TV I
want you to help me put it in my SUV god
Bless America we are a capitalist system
and we love to eat this yes
this is the only country in the world
where you can take french toast English
muffin Canadian bacon and called the
all-american breakfast
and Americans love to eat out you don't
want to cook at home you want to eat out
you make up holidays so you can go out
and eat valentine day is not about love
is about going out and eating Mother's
Day let's call it the father's days it's
kawaii Easter let's go eat guess what
your family gonna be doing five minutes
after they put you under eat in your
memory they're gonna eat it's all about
food our foreign policy is based on food
will never have a war with Italy China
or Mexico Mars audience they have good
food we're always worried about the
Russians you know why we don't know what
these it's all about food and ah I love
I am a carnivore I know if you're
vegetarian god bless you I'm a car when
I was born my pacifier was a drumstick
and I love American steak the first time
I came to this country I went to to the
restaurant said I'd like some American
steak and the where it goes what kind I
got the neck the back the leg any part
because you won't settle on your London
broil you want change you want ground
why do they have all this name for the
cow does she know that have you ever
seen a cow walk by go oh I fell and I
hurt my tricep
all my filet mignon is gonna be small
enough
hey does this dress make my brisket look
big hey did you know that dry bark
comedy has their own app download it
right now and watch save and share clips
and watch my whole special too
What a beautiful place, you know
you're in the right place when
you accidentally show up at the show, 
matching the stage.
I mean, this is ridiculous.
Can it get any better?
Can it get any better?
(audience laughing)
Celebrating my 57th birthday.
(audience cheering)
I know. Right?
It was September 30th,
but I'm still celebrating my 57th.
(audience laughing)
57. Wow. Like, and 
I lost a hundred pounds,
like a whole fifth grader,
off my body. It's . . .
(audience cheering)
I have no right to
ever complain about anything.
And we're talking
a whole lifetime of dieting,
exercising, just struggling 
with my weight.
Right? Four years ago, 
I get introduced to a diet,
where you don't do nothing.
Nothing. The pounds just fly off
whether you want them to or not.
Yeah. It's called the stress diet.
(audience laughing)
Whenever I say this to people, 
they go,"But Nikki
"when I'm stressed, I gain weight." 
I go that's 'cause you're not 
doing it right.
(audience laughing)
I spend more time crying.
You know what I mean?
Look at me.
I gave up cake and cookies.
All I had to give up was happiness 
and peace of mind.
Look at that, brand new body.
(audience cheering)
I'm not recommending this diet though.
Okay. It's not a good one. Trust me.
I still have all the skin that was
around the fat that I lost.
I still have that, 
I don't know what to do with it.
(audience laughing)
I ran to go answer my phone
from the shower the other day
I thought I heard a round of applause.
I'm like, who's in here clapping?
(audience laughing)
I mean thank you but show yourself. 
Where are you?
(audience laughing)
Too much extra skin. I couldn't wait
for long sleeve season
because of these things.
(audience laughing)
Friend of mine goes,
"Nikki, you know you're going to
"have to get skin surgery
"to repair your arms."
And I'm like, no, I am not.
I'm going to get feathers
tattooed on the outside.
(audience laughing)
And spread my wings.
(audience laughing)
I feel great. And I have the
greatest job in the world,
stand-up comedy. 
I just celebrated 22 years.
Best job in the world, 22 years.
Do you know why
I've had this job so long?
Because it is easy.
(audience laughing)
I find it only has two rules 
that work for me,
be yourself and have a good time.
And that's what people pay me for,
things that I was going
to do for free anyway.
(audience laughing)
(audience cheering)
Right?
(audience cheering)
Who knew you could make a career
of being yourself and 
having a good time.
I mean, I've been on TV, 
in movies, all over the world.
Who knew? 
Do you know how much time
I wasted on real jobs?
(audience laughing)
Wasted.
I could have been being myself
and having a good time but no.
I wanted to spend
nine years of my life
as a New York state 
public safety officer
at the Jacob Javits
Convention Center of New York.
(audience laughing)
Nine years.
And those people fired me.
Yeah, they did. For no reason.
True story, just walked in my office
and woke me up
and told me to go home.
(audience laughing)
I know.
(audience laughing)
That was a great job. 
I was working for the state,
benefits, money. It was wonderful.
The only thing,
the rules hard, ridiculous,
impossible to follow. They wanted me
to sit up from midnight
until eight o'clock in the morning,
awake the entire night
and watch a locked door.
(audience laughing)
Do I look like a fool?
(audience laughing)
The building is closed, I'm closed too.
What are you talking about?
(audience laughing)
I can't, I can't follow ridiculous rules.
Before I worked for the Javits Center,
I had another job that I wasted time on.
I love this job. 
I worked for this big corporation.
You might've heard for them...
Heard of them.
They're called Churches
Fried Chicken. Yeah.
(audience laughing)
Chicken was delicious.
(audience laughing)
The rules to work in their,
impossible to follow.
They were ridiculous.
When the chicken stays
under the light too long
don't sell it, but don't eat it either.
(audience laughing)
Why not? Like you're not selling it.
Why can't I have it?
They said every piece gets counted
at the end of the night and
then they throw it away.
You do what?
(audience laughing)
You should've put that
in the application.
I would not have taken this job 
because I like the chicken
when it's been under the light
extra long.
It made it even more crispy and good.
You guys don't know that
because they throw it away.
(audience laughing)
I was at the company meeting
trying to make changes
and great suggestions. 
Like, excuse me.
Hi. Yeah, over here.
Why can't we eat the chicken 
and count the bones?
Wouldn't that be the
same amount of chicken?
(audience laughing)
So yeah, they just like,
you know, sit down please.
Okay. Well thank you.
Every time I went to the bathroom, 
I couldn't save them all
but four or five of you come with me.
(audience laughing)
Yes, indeed. I love this.
No one could have ever told me
that I would be this old and
feel this good, really 57.
Like, I feel like more than
half of my life is over,
you know? And I only say that
because I know
that I don't want to live to be a 100.
(audience laughing)
No thank you.
(audience laughing)
'Cause I don't like people's response
when you pass away and you're a 100.
"You know, Nicky died."
Well, it's about time. Don't you think?
(audience laughing)
She lived a whole century,
what more do you want?
(audience laughing)
I don't mind getting older and
I hang out with a lot of
older people, older than me.
As soon as I got 50,
they started putting all these
rules on me and everything.
You know what you gotta do now, right?
And I'm like, what?
You have to get a bucket list.
I am extremely intelligent.
I never heard of this.
I didn't know what it was
but I wanted to be politically correct.
So I did start one. I don't even have,
maybe four entries I have on it. 
That's it.
Entry number one, 
buy yourself a bucket.
(audience laughing)
You don't have a bucket.
(audience laughing)
Entry number two,
don't kick that bucket.
(audience laughing)
Number three, I have four children,
four and I've never had a baby shower.
- [Audience] What?
- I know.
(audience laughing)
Never had a baby shower. 
So I'm going to have one now.
And you are all invited to bring things
that my grown kids need. Thank you.
(audience clapping)
(audience laughing)
And this is the big one, 
don't judge me.
But while I'm alive and well 
and feeling this good,
I would like to throw myself a funeral.
(audience laughing)
Yeah. I want to see who comes.
(audience laughing)
And whoever doesn't show up, 
guess what?
They better not die. 
I'm not coming to yours either.
(audience laughing)
But I want to do this.
Like it's your last party?
And I just don't like the things
that go on at funerals, you know?
So I want to do it now and
make sure they do it right?
Like, don't be saying
I'm going home to rest.
I hate when they say that at funerals
and then they dress you like
you're going to a party.
(audience laughing)
So now I'm going to be there sleeping,
dressed like I'm going to a party
and people are going
to walk by and go,
"Oh, she looks just like herself." No.
(audience laughing)
Put me in my pajamas.
(audience laughing)
Turn me on my side, 
put a pillow under my arm and head.
(audience laughing)
Now you can say, 
she looks just like herself.
Now you can say that.
(audience laughing)
Yes, indeed. And I feel myself
getting older people keep telling me
you know, I was on this TV show
and there was a competition
and it ran on NBC for 14 weeks.
And on the season finale,
guess what happened?
Some of the confetti got on me too.
(audience laughing)
I was standing right
next to the winner.
(audience laughing)
I was catching the confetti. Ah, ah, ah.
(audience laughing)
I was so excited to be on this show
and now that it's over,
everybody keeps telling me
"You know, Nikki, 
"your life is going to change.
"That's the biggest competition 
"in comedy.
"Your life is going to change."
And I feel like it should hurry up
if this is going to happen, you know.
(audience laughing)
That was five years ago.
(audience laughing)
And I'm getting old. 
I know I'm getting older.
There are signs everywhere.
I'm getting cranky.
You know, 
I got an attitude the other day
because I'm in the conversation
and someone says to me,
"Pardon my French."
But they never spoke French.
(audience laughing)
Things are really starting
to get on my nerves.
Little things. I'm pumping
the gas the other day
and I realize the sign says,
replace the nozzle when you're done.
(audience laughing)
Why do you have to tell
people this, I don't...
What was happening before?
Were they just leaving it on the ground
and just walking away? 
Putting it on top?
Like, what were they doing?
(audience laughing)
So annoying.
(audience laughing)
Different things are happening 
to my body.
Like I have to urinate too much.
(audience laughing)
I have to go to the bathroom too much.
I say too much. 
Because if you have to go
when you're already going.
(audience laughing)
That is too much.
(audience laughing)
It's extremely annoying too,
because I'm always traveling, always.
And I don't like to fly.
So I get in the plane, 
close my seatbelt, go right to sleep.
And you know,
if I wake up, I have to go.
So you know how it is.
If you wake up at 
any point during the flight
the person next to you has got a
computer, drinks, and everything
and now you have
to be intrusive like,
Ooh, I'm sorry. Can I?
Please can I? Yes thank you.
Making sure you don't
drop anything anywhere,
you know what I mean.
(audience laughing)
I keep it real,
those long steps man, you know.
(audience laughing)
Be careful.
(audience laughing)
Back and forth to the little closet,
who can do it?
I'm over it. I have a really long flight
coming up next month. 
I decided I'm not getting up.
You know, like I'm going 
to sit right there
and wear a diaper.
(audience laughing)
I'm going to go on myself
and worry about it later.
(audience laughing)
If you see me on the plane,
this is how you'll know
what's going down.
This is the face.
(audience laughing)
This is ridiculous.
You know what I wonder?
I wonder how come the people
who named the baby diapers?
Don't name the adult diapers.
Like we don't have any 
Pampers or Huggies
or Luvs,
like I'm over 50 wetting myself.
I think I need to be pampered, 
huggied, and loved.
(audience laughing)
I don't feel good about,
are these going to keep me dry?
Well, that depends. Excuse me.
(audience laughing)
I don't think so.
Got to go too much.
And lately, like, I don't know, 
your body really changes
like your body's going 
to change one day young lady.
(audience laughing)
I remember when I used
to go and it actually...
everything actually made it
in the hoop.
(audience laughing)
I'm over 50 now. 
It's all over the hoop.
(audience laughing)
It's on the floor 
a little bit on the wall.
(audience laughing)
One time some even made it 
to the ladies bag
in the next stall, I'm like.
(audience laughing)
Why didn't you use the hook?
(audience laughing)
I tell you. I got back to my table.
My friends were like,
"What did you have to
"make a number two?"
I said, no, I had to clean up 
the whole bathroom
because apparently 
I have a sprinkler now.
(audience laughing)
It's all different. 
And things are great.
I can't complain. 
Like I said, I feel amazing.
And I'm so happy to have lost weight
because my whole life,
people have always been
trying to tell me things
to do to lose weight.
Things, to do to be 
more sexy or whatever.
And that's the frame of mind
that I just never had.
I knew when I was a child
that I wouldn't grow up
to be sexy. I mean, come on.
There were clues everywhere.
You know, like I was huge.
That's one clue.
(audience laughing)
Huge. I mean like 
I've been this exact same size
since I was seven years old.
(audience laughing)
This is how I look 
in all my school pictures,
like two teachers in the class just.
(audience laughing)
I was enormous. 
I was so big that in second grade
true story, they gave me a picture ID.
(audience laughing)
Yeah. Security complained
to the office
and made them give me an ID.
They said that I look like I
was coming to pick me up 
from school, really?
(audience laughing)
I just never had that
frame of mind, you know?
I had problems other kids didn't have
like adenoids trouble.
You know what that is?
That's when you snore
when you're wide awake.
(audience laughing)
Yeah, it's always been funny. Always.
(audience laughing)
I remember when I was in school,
teachers just going crazy.
"Somebody is sleeping
"in my classroom."
(audience laughing)
She searched the whole class.
Now she's standing next to my desk.
I see her shoes,
but I'm doing my work.
(snore noise)
(audience laughing)
(snore noise)
(audience laughing)
The harder I concentrate,
the louder I snore,
isn't that just crazy?
(audience laughing)
I was getting straight A's and
straight Zzzs at the same time.
(audience laughing)
I knew it. It doesn't bother me.
But I come from a place 
where women are just beautiful
to the inhabitants, that beautiful
Spanish Island
called Bronx, New York.
(audience laughing)
I love it. I love being from the Bronx.
And I love Papis, 
any Latinos in here? No, no.
(audience laughing)
Well that's all white.
I mean alright. Alright.
(audience laughing)
But I do. I mean, you know,
I'm a poor girl from the Bronx
you know, and we didn't have much.
I mean, we drove raggedy cars.
Anytime I've ever been
stuck on the highway
with my hood in the air.
I know black men saw my hood up.
They kept right on going, but not Papi.
Papi will always stop.
And ask a stupid question.
(audience laughing)
I'm in the breakdown lane
with my hood in the air 
here comes Papi.
"Mommy, what happened? 
"It no starting?"
(audience laughing)
I'm sorry, that is an
absolutely ridiculous question.
Who leaves their house
to go sit on the highway
with their hood in the air.
(audience laughing)
But I can't even laugh.
He rebuilt my
transmission right there
on the break down lane.
(audience laughing)
(audience applauding)
It was incredible. He had no toolbox.
He had two tools, 
a screwdriver and a magic marker.
That's all I saw.
(audience laughing)
When it was finished, you know, 
I was saying, thank you.
And I hit my horn.
(horn noise)
You gave me a new horn?
When did you have the time?
(audience laughing)
And they always make
you feel so attractive.
You know, sometimes you
feel down on yourself
you don't feel you know, your best.
All you have to do is
just go to the Bronx.
They're all standing around,
you know.
And you walk by and 
then you hear, "Aye Bonita."
(audience laughing)
I know what to do.
And New York where I'm from is,
you know
a hodgepodge of everyone
and not only Spanish men, 
but West Indian men,
Jamaican men. Isn't that crazy?
Jamaican men think I'm cute.
I was standing next to this guy,
we're talking for like 10 minutes.
I don't know him. 
Now he wants to be romantic.
And he goes, "You know
"why me really love you?"
(audience laughing)
I've known you 10 minutes.
I did look nice that day. 
So I'm like, why?
(audience laughing)
True story. 
I couldn't make this up if I tried.
He goes, "Girl, me love you so much
"because how you're just so fat.
(audience laughing)
"And black,
"like me mother."
(audience laughing)
What?
You say I'm fat and black, 
like your mother.
Alright well, you know,
I'll sleep with you this time
but next time . . .
(audience laughing)
Next time you need to come up
with a better line than that.
(audience laughing)
Fat and black.
(audience laughing)
This is why I'm single by the way.
(audience laughing)
I'll let you know in on a little secret,
black men don't make you
feel as good as that.
(audience laughing)
No, no, no, no. They only want
to date you in the winter.
First of all, when you're a thick woman.
(audience laughing)
Only in the winter and 
you keep them warm all winter,
and then soon as June comes,
they start making excuses
why they don't want
to see you anymore.
I can't stand it, you know.
I call up a guy once and
it's raining and freezing cold
but it was in June. I said, 
Hey, how you doing?
Hi, it's me, Nikki.
I haven't seen you in awhile.
I would really love to see you.
It's raining and it's cold.
He goes, "I want to see you too.
But gas is just so high this week.
(audience laughing)
"Come on. You know,
"I drive an eight cylinder."
I know right? My feelings were hurt.
I'm like man
come on, you live upstairs,
you can't come down.
(audience laughing)
People put so much
emphasis on certain things.
You know, it's just crazy.
Even when I was on the TV show
they tried to put me on a diet.
Really? I said, I don't even eat a lot.
You know, 
I just don't have a metabolism.
That's it? 
Everything I eat, I gain weight.
Gum, ice, it doesn't matter. 
It's all fattening.
(audience laughing)
So they advise me 
to change the things that I eat.
Like, don't eat pork anymore.
I was like, what?
(audience laughing)
No pork? Pork is delicious!
(audience laughing)
You know I can't cold turkey pork.
(audience laughing)
Maybe you can find me some sort of
support group or something,
you know.
Wean me off slowly.
Let me walk around 
for a couple of months
and wear a pork patch. I don't know.
(audience laughing)
And I really only just love bacon.
Can I just keep eating bacon
and they go,
"Yeah. Yeah, bacon is fine.
"But why won't you try Turkey bacon?"
You know, I'm not as dumb as I look.
I know you cannot 
mate a turkey and a pig.
I know this.
(audience laughing)
How did you get that meat? Please.
(audience laughing)
I don't even care how you got it.
Can we suffice it to say I don't like
interracial breakfast meat, period.
(audience laughing)
Give me the turkey or give me the pork.
Don't give me both together. 
I don't want that.
I'd rather eat Kevin Bacon, thank you.
(audience laughing)
My father was a good looking guy.
That's the handsome part of me, 
is my father.
(audience laughing)
But he was a good looking guy 
and he's a jazz drummer,
his name is Bruno Carr.
And everybody assumed
that because of that
that I was going to be a singer.
But as I grew up, I did love music
like more than everybody, 
I have a heightened love of music
but I also watched 
how they do R&B artists,
especially females.
Like you have to be sort of sexy 
to be a singer.
Like you can be fat
when you first come out.
But if you want to be a big star,
the record companies make you do
everything to
hurry up and lose weight.
My favorite story is about
a woman named Kelly Price.
Kelly was a big woman.
I'd never heard of her before,
but I knew she was a big girl
because she said it in the song. 
She did. She said...
♪ See, I put my trust in him ♪
♪ I can't believe he slept ♪
♪ with her behind my back ♪
I said, Wow, that is a big back.
(audience laughing)
Imagine that, 
they're cheating on you right there.
(audience laughing)
But it's true. Okay. 
So here's another example.
Everybody knows Missy Elliott.
When Missy Elliott was fat, 
she was a happy woman.
She was so happy. 
She was laughing on her songs.
Like he he he he ha he he he he ha.
(audience laughing)
She had great lyrics. Like,
♪ I can't stand the rain ♪
♪ On my window ♪
Soon as they made her
lose all that weight
I could tell she lost her mind.
First album she made as a skinny girl.
I couldn't even 
understand her anymore.
These were the new lyrics,
the skinny lyrics.
♪ It's your (mumbles) ♪
♪ It's your (mumbles) ♪
(audience laughing)
It's your what?
(audience laughing)
But I knew there was
a message in the song.
I took it home. I slowed it down.
I listened carefully, all Missy's saying
right there is,
"Give me a little more of those yams."
(audience laughing)
Starving, don't nobody care. No, no.
(audience laughing)
And I sing all the time but
even though I've lost weight
I still don't want to do it like that.
I don't want to do it on a public forum.
I don't want people to see me.
I want to be like Siri.
Everybody knows me,
but never seen me.
You know, that kind.
(audience laughing)
As a matter of fact
I'm going to keep it on phone lines too.
I want to be a professional voicemail
recording artist, recording artist.
(audience laughing)
Is that a thing? 
Like I have a hit out right now.
Seriously. If you called my house, 
this is what you'd hear.
♪ First I was at home. ♪
♪ I didn't get a call ♪
(audience laughing)
♪ So I went to find someone ♪
♪ to talk to at the mall ♪
(audience laughing)
♪ If you'd like to leave a message ♪
♪ on my answering machine ♪
♪ I will call you when I'm back ♪
♪ Or when I wake, if I'm asleep ♪
♪ Go on now talk ♪
♪ After the beep ♪
♪ But don't ramble on now ♪
♪ 'Cause you've got ♪
♪ one minute to speak ♪
Beep.
(audience laughing)
I'm Nikki Carr!
I'll tell you what else is scary trying
to get someone to fall in love with you
have you ever done that has anybody ever
done that whew you were honest I like I
like the people who said no I hate love
I just want to run around angry at
everyone but you know why you're
probably the one who's more successful
is the one who played hard to get the
person who's that no because for some
reason that works which is ridiculous
that hard-to-get works that's not a
skill that you use anywhere else in life
you don't get a job playing hard to get
could you imagine sitting in your job
interview playing hard to get do you
even want this job no I got like six
other jobs over make out with after this
job
[Applause]
I've often wondered if as a comedian
like if this still works like the hard
to get playing hard to get if maybe I
should just play hard to get with the
audience up here just like I don't even
see you guys there
you guys aren't half as cool as this
antelope what is that
deer think it's bit angel let's not make
that joke
anyways another thing that I read about
you know getting someone to fall in love
with you is that the same hormone that's
released when you're in love that's also
released when you're afraid same hormone
just lazy of your body really just like
this give them a hormone doesn't matter
slides they're excited what that's all
you're gonna do body but now that I know
it I use it I'm not a dummy
I show up on all my dates you know just
hurry you know
freak her right out she's always
I like him he's a scary guy in a minute
something inside me tells me I'm in love
and I just think yeah I know what that
is because I read that in the library
next to a homeless man that I love
we go sledding sometimes good friend of
mine
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
I got stopped drinking and drugging
Kazan I used to pop a lot of ecstasy I
don't know if anybody before me
it's the best [ __ ] drug ever man
ecstasy is a [ __ ] because it makes
everything feel great everything like a
bar got shot I want to be Ani that's how
good a food there's so why come it's you
like shot more often
[Music]
Thank You Susan [ __ ]
the problem with ecstasy though is that
has you believe you're doing stuff
you're not really doing like I was at a
club one time I'm not gonna swarm then I
was on a dance floor for like an hour
and a half just killing out thought I
was doing every choreographed dance in
existence until I had my friends coming
to me like yeah why are you not dancing
like you didn't just see me on a dance
floor robot named Nate and everything
then apparently I was just doing this
[ __ ]
I love people I love characters I love
all of it because I used to work in
customer service
that'll [ __ ] humble yeah oh yeah I
used to be a waitress till my [ __ ]
head exploded
I can't say where I used to work but it
rhymes a cheapskate factory but mama has
mood swings especially because they make
you wear all white they want you look
like a fat piece of [ __ ] cheesecake
every time I walk up Tamara my making
you hungry
you want a piece at six thousand but
you're gonna hate it anyway oh we had
the craziest hostess she had a laugh
like a machine gun
so when you first walk into it down at
the door ticket don't see them in my
section now they're shot they're
bleeding
oh god people favorite people to wait on
people with food allergies oh [ __ ]
yourself
oh they're terrific this woman was like
excuse me is there any gluten in the
eggs benedict I'm like ma'am I'm not a
scientist I'm a [ __ ] waitress doing a
fairy I'm a food allergy pack a lunch
that's a waitress clapping waitress
right there I see you I see you just
like Michelle said I see you Oh God
cuz what do you want me to do you want
me to go in the back and next to Mexican
cook couldn't speak English you know
it's true wait what a weird line put the
salad down where you going wailing never
told me that one minute
what
so confident I love them so confident
they could have half an eye half a penis
I don't what you need you know that guy
this one busboy I was like creatine ro
you wanna make dick who you are I give
you whatever you want I was like aren't
you married
he's like sometimes [ __ ] so then he
got mad at me cuz I wouldn't go on a
date with him so he's telling me have a
big ass all day
he was like condi condi condi he's like
no no no I'm like your fellas [ __ ] Jorge
you're three feet tall you know there's
no way it's big he goes ok ok ok but
good linguistic all right oh stop it we
can joke about [ __ ] all day but
don't you dare talking about eating
so so that's my name is Helen which i
think is the third most unfuckable name
can we all agree I think it goes a
Mildred and then Gertrude then Helen as
far as totally unfuckable names which
was terrible when I was single because
it's hard to flirt with men when you're
like hi I'm Helen not inspired humping
at all because it's a grandma name right
everybody's grandmother's name is Helen
and for some reason all young Asian
women we all have old white lady names
if you notice this we're all like Helen
or Esther or pearl some [ __ ] like
that
it's like our immigrant parents got
their hands on a baby name book from the
1920s and they're like my dad was like
Oh
[Laughter]
here's the thing about the name hell in
there have only been two really famous
Helens in all of history right one of
them was the most beautiful woman in the
world Helen of Troy and the other famous
Helen was blind deaf and dumb
guess which Helen I'm named after not
the hot one so when I asked my dad I'm
like dad why would you name me after
someone who's so severely handicapped it
goes Oh Helen I want you to overcome any
adversity I wanted to name you Stephen
Hawking but mommy said no
[Music]
I have 21 nieces and nephews we're Irish
Catholic a lot of you know cold winters
back there and 21 nieces and nephews
nobody tells any of them the truth I did
told my little niece Hannah the other
day I'm like Hannah you know Christy's
gonna tell you something nobody's gonna
tell you no mommy and daddy are getting
a divorce because you didn't clean your
room my mom's getting on me about that
why can't you get me some grandkids like
your sisters yet because I don't like
the taste of tequila backseat of your
station wagon was very uncomfortable
having kids I can barely find it mate
longest relationship I had was two years
that was that was with Sprint could not
hold on to that I dropped the cellphone
in a port-a-potty he had done that drop
the phone in the toilet
not as come on somebody has did you fish
it out thank you it was a woman to eat
I'm one of those girls do I don't touch
anything in the bathroom that bone went
in there it was a bored of potty I
didn't even take a second off with my
bare feet well the toilet paper my arm
Michelin woman oh that's not it
pull it up wrapped it up in plastic went
into the sprint storm like just glue
work and and the kids unwrapping it he's
touching it all over I got that dog
eating browse he's looking at it looks
like you got water damage for you
getting shitty service
this for two years goodness
[Music]
[ __ ] up plays I'm from Boston also
sometimes awesome and the [ __ ] house
you guys are so well-behaved from being
from Boston I have never been prouder
[Applause]
never mind
all right you know what we [ __ ] got
it you know she [ __ ] knew it she know
it so then blossom as you probably know
they know it
they don't give a [ __ ] what you be you
can be as fat as you want and when I
came out here I was like oh [ __ ] you
can't lose I got [ __ ] up and it's
really [ __ ] up because there's all
this pressure in LA to be skinny but
then there's so many in and out the
[ __ ] up with that doesn't really seem
fair
so it's hard to get ladies in LA you
know when you have ones in series ood
and that I get called sir a lot okay I
might now I mean that only difficult
sure it's a recurrent thing in my life
like my poor nephews when I take them
out no one thinks I'm there on TV like
everyone hangs on their uncle Abe okay
on their big sport so I took my two by
two necklaces Disneyland for the first
time I my oldest nephew was 12 so he's a
[ __ ] [ __ ]
as we're going into dis and Ezra taking
everyone's tickets or that gives your
boy that they say welcome a prince and a
career girl your journey awaits princess
everybody is either prince or princess
oh boy this should be fun I love / my
nephew's already noticed what's going on
he's amped up he's like
[Laughter]
so they both go through right this way
Brits Thank You Prince and I got to the
guy I'm shaking he looks up he's like oh
[ __ ]
like suddenly we're in this together you
know and look at the shop for us I'm
shaking me shakin then he takes my
ticket because welcome Jedi thank y'all
so much I may be Cassidy but a lot of
fat
[Applause]
[Music]
what is up thank you all for having me
thank you so much for being here
thank you
thank you for giving me an opportunity
to wear a bra for the first time in
three weeks thank you
yes
oh my god i want an entire year without
wearing a bra and honestly i'm looking
around and i feel like some of you dudes
should be wearing a bra for the first
time
you know what i'm talking about yes that
kovid 15 turned into coven 75 for some
of y'all okay
you know hey
don't get offended okay some of you this
is a problem some of you have put on
more weight during covid than melania
during missionary okay it's a it's a
problem okay seriously guys stop you all
need to stop appropriating the body
positivity movement
it is not for you it's for me and lizzo
that's it that's it okay
for real come on okay i i'm sorry i'm
going hard on the fat shaming but like
for real like you cannot claim dad bod
if you're not a dad okay
stop it okay and i know none of you are
dads none of you even want to be baby
daddies out here okay
it's true i've done the research okay
none of you nobody in la wants to be a
baby daddy on purpose like it's not
happening seriously nobody wants to be a
baby daddy in this town like it's so
hard even the ugly guys are pulling out
like what
is the problem no honestly like okay
i'm done i'm not gonna fat shame any of
you because for a lot of you fellas
man boobs are the most personal growth
you'll see this year and uh
congratulations yes for man boobs yes
i'm looking at you got some nice double
a's there all right cool
[Music]
you
I hate it from going on a date or
slangin someone goes Erica just to have
fun and be yourself because for me it's
one or the other like I can't do both
like I'll never be the girl you know
post this photo on Instagram like this
fancy yoga pose like on top of a
mountain with the Sun setting and the
caption living the dream I'm where the
girl who posts a selfie from bed with
the caption can't get up I want to do
non motivational quotes on Instagram
which should go something like just
don't or there doesn't have to be
another day
or you can always live the life you
imagined if you have a really bad
imagination my friend wanted to get
lunch the other day but she's like I'm
vegan now I was like oh here we go with
that whole thing I was like do you want
to go to Cafe Gratitude the vegan
restaurant and she's like well I'm also
gluten-free so can we go to the juice
bar and I was like how about we just
never speak again move on with our lives
and she's like you want to go out on a
boat sometime like she had a friend with
a boat and I was like you've been on a
boat before right is that something we
have to do twice in this lifetime cuz I
don't think about the boat anymore I
think about all the steps that lead up
to the boat you know like I have to put
my bathing suit on then I have to figure
out who else is gonna be on the boat and
can I wear my bathing suit in front of
the people on the boat then I feel a
research project on the people are gonna
be on the boat to determine if I can
wear my bathing suit in front of them
then I have to get to the boat I'll
probably get lost getting there because
I'll take ways and Waze is gonna be like
try making this left turn sucker then
I'll get on the boat not really want to
be on the boat everyone I'll so probably
not really want to be on the boat either
but they'll be Instagram snapchat
storing that they're on the boat cuz
they want other people who aren't on the
boat to wish that they were on the boat
so what I'd rather do honestly is just
stay home put my bathing suit on get in
the bathtub put on my heart will go on
from Titanic take a selfie posted on
Instagram and label it living the real
dream
[Applause]
just don't
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app download it now to watch my
whole special
my husband moved in to my house I bought
a house a ball was about eight years ago
because they were on sale clearance sale
on houses um and I don't know if you
ever tried applying for a mortgage
before but it's very embarrassing I went
into the bank to talk to the lady and
the lady said something about credit and
then I was like oh I should get credit
just for coming in here it's a lot of
work they asked you so many questions
like oh hey did you happen to apply for
a visa card in 1999 down at the 7-eleven
so you could get half off on a salted
nut roll
you can't lie it's a federal offense so
you have to be like claw I remember
getting a good deal on a salt to not
roll one time and then you don't get a
home that's how it works yeah I know a
lot about finance guys I do my taxes
quarterly so like every four years now
Kim moved into my house and he he is so
sweet he's trying to help and he was he
wants to do something nice so he said
you know you need some security fencing
around this house I was like yeah great
he leaves he comes back with some
latticework like when you go to jo-ann
fabrics versus mattes worth like what's
your name man Gabby yours you look funky
Debbie if you're in a surly mood you
could bond right through some mattes
we're crunch Oh
yeah he said she'd get this as if you
had already founded rusev lattice search
okay yeah not even much motion you're
like a latticework ninja you just do a
little down what I said I agree it's
almost encouraging yeah - wanna rob a
place doesn't it you're like all that is
work maybe they got some craft project
in there we could steal Bob - bring your
hot glue gun we're gonna do a higher
yeah I brought a hot glue gun but I got
plug it in to let the bullets melt
option is sprung for the
battery-operated hot glue gun
hey guys I what's going on a little bit
about me I have been seeing somebody for
the past year a long time little over a
year one year one year one whole year
and he is still never called me his
girlfriend 13 months still Manas
girlfriend we we have sex and he comes
in my mouth Fanny calms me dude yeah you
gotta lyrics sing it with me
we have sex with [ __ ] in my mouth and I'm
still dude for a year you know it's a
good one singing through the kids when
you get home whatever you know it's 2019
I guess nothing needs a [ __ ] leg well
here we are you just go with it cuz
you're a chill girl
but Jill what I am me and uh me and my
bud we're hanging out recently my but
Mike um but yeah that's what we do we
are bugs that come together so we're
hanging out and we're talking it's sweet
and he says hey can I tell you something
I was like you know of course anything
he says okay I just gotta let you know
that sometimes I can see your mustache
oh what's that do i oh
and then I thought about I was like
whatever who cares who cares if I have a
mustache or a unibrow or nipple hair or
what ever because this is my face this
is my body yeah and if you don't like it
then you can tell me everything else you
don't like about it I will change it
immediately yes
hello I will I the way that I look I
swear a hundred percent I am a product
of every compliment I've ever gone and
that's it
I wore my eyeliner like this once in
middle school and a guy was like all
right hot now I was like okay I guess
that's a little bit this forever now
that's the hottest I'll ever be after he
said that though I was like I guess I
gotta go get my moustache wax because he
doesn't like that and that's what I do
so I I went to where do you go to get
your face wax
Supercuts thank you yeah went there I
don't know I've never had anything waxed
before so I tried it on in I was like
this looks active please walk in there
and also yeah you got a situation do you
wax faces and some woman came out of the
back and she was like yup and I was like
no not you know and then she pinned me
down and ripped a waxing strip off of
her back I think you know ladies you've
been there alright puts it on my lip
rips it off and immediately I break out
into this horrible pimply rash right
away and I the next day I am fussing you
know bundle is no puss lit in full bloom
I walk into work my coworker comes up to
me and she's like hey Gabby what girl
that's why Gabi do you have herpes and I
was like what yeah of course I do but
that's not what
[Laughter]
[Music]
I actually sing opera not the kind that
you're imagining I sing what I call hip
hopera rap songs and the style of opera
the last time I sung this it was so loud
that my downstairs neighbor texted me
afterwards and all it said was do you
hate me do you guys want to hear it
ooh
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you so I'm single
[Music]
I want to be I want to be a positive
image to people right I have a little
sister she's seven that's a big age
group when I take her out people assume
she's my kids they're always like oh
she's such a shame to the baby so young
who's the father I'm like I don't know
my dad
stop asking questions really quickly
now he wants to send her to a private
school which i think is stupid I was
like dad I went to public school I'm
perfect I'm just like everybody else in
America mildly depressed the fake gluten
allergy okay I am killing it but he
thinks the public schools teach that
America is a racist country and I was
like dad it is I don't know where you've
been but I love doing a classroom where
our teachers explaining racism to
five-year-olds and she's just like okay
kids today we're going to learn about
the colors using our 64 crayon the box
now that's yellow that's the color of
the Sun and that's blue that's the color
of the sky and that's black that's the
color of oppression you see how the
black crowns look tiny nothing has been
used over and over and over again but
all the other crayons are then try to
dig down deep in the box to get it but
you can't help down by crack cocaine
within its community then you're like oh
I'll use the white crayon it's perfect
it's Christine the Nehru it's the
shittiest crayon in the box
Kevin marking the [ __ ] paper sit here
still time dig that in get it as I go
[ __ ] can I use the brown crayon does the
same job up for cheaper
anyway they shoot me to the school in
the valley right and I make I'll make me
some friends amber and Samantha we're
totally hanging out right and ranch in
class and I'm like totally like
showering and they're like oh my god
Tiffany your bush it's like ridiculous
is like a double bucket down there I'm
like I'm like what's it oh my god it's
gonna be so great it's gonna be you're
you're gonna love the way your monkey
looks after this is where the guy so I'm
like okay cool so they take me to the
spa and stuff and not a little Asian
lady come up and she put the wax on it's
all warm I'm like oh that's mine
she put the paper on it she pressed down
[Applause]
[Music]
I'll pick the paper up put this [ __ ]
back I walked out of that [ __ ]
with a faint I just had one ball just
one bar coochie bit I hope you like
designs
[Music]
I've been doing a lot of traveling I've
been doing a lot of international travel
and I've been going out of the country a
bunch which has been a great experience
but not for the people who meet me I'm
American hey you guys I don't know if
you could tell by my BMI that I am from
America born and raised here I'm
bragging I am the stereotype of what
other countries hate about Americans
right like if you see a poster for bad
Americans just me like I said hey like
I'm overweight I'm loud I'm cocky for no
reason yeah like every country I go to
I'm like we're here boots on the grave
yeah yeah I don't want to be like this
it doesn't matter where I'm going I just
land and I'm like Oh where's your
Mexican food they're like you're in
Europe I'm like you put cheese in
something I need a quesadilla and you
got one I go America on people quick
right do that to like I went to Canada
which we can all agree is not another
country right no it's not it's like the
same kind of right I think of Canada how
I think of like my grandma's attic right
like it's higher up it's a little chilly
I feel like I have to be quieter I'm
like I don't think they like brassy
broads here I went to Canada once I go
right across the border to su Ste Marie
it's a tiny town right across the border
and I went to a gas station i'ma choose
a five-dollar bill great at 4:00 at the
gas station and the guy wouldn't take it
right and I'm like I don't know
international I'm like I can see my
border you have to take my money I
believe that to the law I said it only
works one way we can't use yours that's
crazy
he wouldn't take I start freaking I go
America real quick I'm waving this five
dollar bill around I'm like do you know
who this is I was like this is Abraham
Lincoln right he was a great man he was
our 11th president and he goes he was
your 16th I went to American public
school we don't learn about that they're
here apologize to your king for me
my top hat they wear those there right
I'm into a lot of cool places I went to
Guantanamo went on MoBay
it's a naval base on the opposite side
of Cuba when an island I don't know why
I did that like I don't know that's the
shame it's an island you guys know
that's the same language sign for island
you just have to believe me
just said it that makes it true I went
to one time oh it's just cool I did a
show for the Navy there and it was it
was cool we went there it's a tropical
island they have all kinds of crazy
wildlife there like I have iguanas to
get like six feet long and they have
these things there they look like giant
guinea pigs like this big and they run
around the island and I was asking the
guy we were with I said what do you call
those like what are they and he goes we
call them banana rats yeah and I said do
you call them banana rats because they
eat bananas and he goes no we call them
banana rats because they're poop is the
size and shape of a banana I was like oh
my gosh I'm a banana red
ooh okay he's first one all right
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
sorry when a paltrow did you guys here
with one encounter said about Roe
Gweneth Paltrow thinks that it's going
to be a fun and exciting four years
yeah clearly [ __ ] clearly get out
uses you want to do with that afternoon
that was your climbing with Redman I was
good that was really [ __ ] good she
can afford it to I mean and then she can
fix her teeth after it's a win-win it's
a [ __ ] win-win but no so when she said
that I was like [ __ ] off like that just
to me proved that the only movie we
enjoyed Gwyneth Paltrow in was seven one
person uh her head wise up in a box
that's fabulous
watch it and then she's got that website
that [ __ ] goop website where she
gives you like a of lifestyle advice
that no woman should ever take [ __ ]
ever
her latest entry was on jade eggs
which I had to I had to google it to
Jade eggs
it's a polished rock that gwenna thinks
we women should put up inside our
vaginas and leave it overnight to
increase our sex drive now when I read
that I was like look if I want to put a
rock in my [ __ ] it's going to be a
professional wrestler hey guys what's up
it's me Emily again did you miss me
while I'm here to announce the winner of
this limited edition laugh act Revere
mug and the winner is
it's mr. skills with his joke what do
you call a cow that has no legs ground
beef oh my gosh
ha ha ha good one
you
I should have told you guys this to have
a little bit of a confession and it's
kind of creepy I gotta be honest it's
pretty creepy the other night I went
online and bought my fiancee and that's
it
she'll be here in a couple days from the
Ukraine and I Amazon primed her free
shipping so I think honest Ozzy and I
are gonna have a good life it's not true
I'm actually I'm single I'm single
because I married my high school
sweetheart and she didn't no no no it's
fine I still use her mom's grocery store
Club car to get discounted gas so I
think I will right would you like 40
cents off today mrs. Davis yeah would
actually she owes me some money we're
still really a good friends really good
friends just not on Facebook cuz she
immediately unfriended me right right
she wanted me to not see what she was up
to or whatever well you gotta block me
sister I can still stalk you you know I
did I immediately went to see what was
up with the page and she had changed her
profile picture to the prettiest picture
of her ever it's just like all Instagram
filtered I was like really
Valencia you look orange all right
plus to complain that game right so I
changed my profile picture the most
hideous picture of her ever
I think I'm in the lead right is that
how you compete I don't know how to get
divorced we tried we tried really hard
she was really cool about the comedy I
was sweet to her here's the thing I
would do on Valentine's Day every year
I'd go to the grocery store and I'd buy
those Valentine's Day cards like the
cartoons on him like powder puff girls
and stuff like that like 50 - a pack and
I'd write a note on every single one and
then I'd hide them all around the house
for her to find for months and months
and months which is cute right some of
you got you can use that with well the
next girl not this one
that was the dumb comedians idea you
don't get credit for that that's kind of
a sweet thing to do right also super fun
to know that now her new boyfriend is
finding those all around her house Cory
wants to kiss you again and I know
they're gonna run out but I still have a
key to the place I'm gonna go hide more
I don't care
why not right you know then subscribe to
drive our comedy for even more of the
world's largest collection of clean
comedy
I wish I had the same confidence levels
really drunk homeless man crossing a
very busy street have you ever seen them
- like [ __ ] nope I'm going and
they're on a mission but they have
nowhere to be
let me decided be a dick and they
backtrack I stopped right in front of
your car and they certain lecturing you
they're like red light red like your
sins and you're like you know what look
he's not wrong I am a sinner
find that confidence level I wouldn't be
such a pushover cuz I am I'm a pushover
say yes everything sir I'm going on a
cleanse next week you just wait Dave for
this will be so loose baby baby actually
you have no threat at all
it's been a while since toilet paper is
napping the last thing to touch me
[Music]
two years okay so my friends are
concerned my family is concerned the
only person that concerned is me doesn't
matter
sorry I actually have learned a lot
about my body parts not being sexually
active I can use these for other things
I don't need a nice bowl of cereal right
read a book right I think I'd be pissed
off at this point if someone were to try
to hook up with me they come right for
them I beg you oh what the [ __ ]
I don't go into your kitchen and destroy
your table good
getting breakfast tomorrow Jim as I say
that everyone is concerned so I'm back
on tinder and guys are swiping right
they are but not for the reasons you
think they're swiping right to tell me
things and let me give you an example
this guy swiped right and he was like yo
you got kitesurfing arms I was like are
you asking me to go kitesurfing
he was like nope the end of the day one
of the photos I was bring an Indiana
University sweatshirt okay one was
wearing an Indiana University sweatshirt
and some guys swipe dry and he was like
yo Mike husband went to Indiana
University I was like that's amazing
want to grab a drink he was a busy okay
I guess I know have pets and puppies
feel at the pet store when you walk
straight up to their cage to just read
the things about them you're like spike
he's got spots he's cute and cuddly and
adopt me and then you're like
pocket
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Music]
yeah now I'm gonna throw a little
curveball at you something you're not
gonna see coming I'm an alcoholic it's
true it's a fact and I recently got
sober I did I recently got sober and
getting sober really has you reflect on
your life like what you used to be like
first what you're like now you know like
I used to get really excited about
two-for-one happy hour and now I get
excited about a free pen because those
therapists they got that good ink you
know that fancy grip I used to uh I used
to pee the bed I used to pee next to the
bed one time I got so drunk I sat on the
wine rack and I peed in the kitchen
and now I pee in the toilet yeah like an
animal it's inconvenient but I do it
once you open the floodgates and tell
everybody that you're sober they'd like
to ask you all these questions like but
you're a bartender how does that work
like imagine realizing I'm sober and now
I have a [ __ ] superpower mind-control
[ __ ] Jesus then they ask do you
miss it
do you miss recently kidding me every
goddamn day the other day I got
lightheaded from a cold brew I was like
can I just have this just for a minute
everybody's trying to feed me water no
no no no I'm good I just want to walk
this one around a little bit the other
out have a filter in a minute spend a
couple months the old me
the last ones like are you sure make
sure you're not now this one sticks with
you because you're like oh
after all it should I just told you are
you sure are you sure and then it's like
the universe comes down in the form of a
facebook status update and it says left
my phone at the bar again if you need me
I'll be at the bar again
[Music]
and you're like
[Music]
I also I like to ride bikes my husband
bought me a bicycle last year for my
birthday he's really sweet guy he said
gonna the bike store just pick out
whichever one you want and that I'll buy
that for your birthday so I went to the
bike store walked in there this very
nice young man then Kurtis waited on me
he's maybe 22 maybe 23 years old young
guy he said okay trot your bike go out
in the parking lot if you like it come
back and tell me so I wrote this bike in
the parking lot came and I said Curtis I
like this bike I want to buy this bike
but I don't like this bicycle seat it
hurts me and he said oh not a problem we
can change out the seat so he runs to
the back room and he comes back with
another seat another really
uncomfortable looking seat that looks
just like the one I just got off of
except this one has a groove down the
middle very narrow groove and he said
see this one's for girls
I said yes Curtis this one's for girls
young virtuous girls uh neither young
nor virtuous I've created three human
beings inside my body and I have pushed
them out of the part of my body that's
gonna be sitting on this bicycle thing
so what I'm gonna need you to do for me
Curtis is get me some wide seat
preferably with some sort of soothing
gel insert because this part of my body
needs a vacation Curtis
[Applause]
a Curtiss turned bright red and ran away
it came back with the owner of the store
who was a guy like my age and the guy
says to me curtis says you have a
question
it's like yes I have a question I like
this bike I want to buy this bike I
don't like this bicycle seat
it hurts me can I get another one he
said how many kids do you have
[Applause]
and I said three he said I'll be right
back comes back with the Holy Grail the
bags soft bicycle seat with a soothing
gel insert he says here I think you'll
like this seat my wife Barbara has this
seat I think she's in your walking group
it's great screen take it is great
so I also swim um I go to the Y to swim
and there's a lady that comes to my
wives very very inspirational she's in
their mid 80s but she swims every day
but she's one of those people who comes
in the wild locker room who does not
think she needs a towel and I just think
everybody needs a towel you know they're
not heavy get a towel so she came in
there is she not till I go she got her
shower came in the locker room no towel
and we're all in there and she goes over
to her locker and she puts on her bra
and then she puts on her turtleneck
sweater that's got little trees on it
and then she puts a big turtleneck
sweater on top of that cable net and so
from the waist up she's completely
dressed and from the waist down nothing
and then with a room full of women she
turned her back and bent over
[Music]
to her clothing bag this LL Bean tote
bag and she's rummaging and rummaging
for what we all hoped would be her
underpants and she's rummaging rummaging
rummaging and we're looking everywhere
except in her direction
if finally she said I know I had panties
on when I came here because I went to
the grocery store first which makes me
love her even more because she's an
active senior she's inspirational and
she's a lady and she knows that ladies
do not go to the grocery store commando
[Applause]
so I'll leave you guys with this again a
reason that my husband I've been married
for 24 years he's a great guy really is
he's helpful when I'm driving he likes
to read the speed limit signs and a
couple years ago I signed up for a it's
a race swimming race in the ocean and
you you swim from Peaks Island Maine
over to the mainland of Portland Maine
so you're in the ocean for like two and
a half miles and they you have to have a
kayaker go with you I guess this case of
shark attacks you they're there to pick
up the body parts I'm not really sure
so I said to my husband hey I'm gonna
sign up for this race will you please be
my kayaker he said of course I just have
one question
can I fish while I'm doing it I'm Karen
Morgan thank you so much
[Applause]
you
hey did you know that Drybar comedy has
their own app you can download it right
now to watch my whole special
otama be in puerto rican i was also a
fat child growing up i thought a fat
[ __ ]
and like I wasn't even I had like piles
a confident fat kid cuz I knew no one
was gonna kidnap me like I was 10 years
old 180 pounds you ain't gonna take me
off the street like try to pick me up I
just go dead weight on that ass like you
see a guy dragging a fat kid that looks
suspicious like they're like nah I'll
stick to those skinny sexy ones they're
easy to grab like crazy and I know like
you weren't gonna get me in the van with
just a piece of candy I had candy on me
already like I could be impressed you
got a fun size Snickers I mean one that
one a pound Hershey Kisses like an apple
like [ __ ] out of here some biscuits and
ribs in that van and maybe I'll join
their ass
the only things that bothered me about
being a fat kid or like especially like
in gym class like the stereotypical
thing like we always get picked last
like that shit's true as a fat kid being
in gym class I felt like that first
slice of bread in a new loaf you look
but we're kind of like pants over there
we'll just keep picking at the good
bread and I'm standing like man I can
play dodge ball and good bread and
brother magnitude that's why now
whenever I buy bread I'll eat that slice
first cuz I know what it feels like
let me tell you something about that
piece of bread it's [ __ ] terrible
don't eat it like why is it in the bag
it's all dry it's class it's all cross
[Music]
just free-range morons just out for the
day oh I see a lot of stuff when I
travel see a lot of stuff I meet a lot
of people like you're all new people to
me which is cool I like to meet new
people I try to be nice it's hard it's
hard to be nice it is your waste
niceness right you ever waste it like I
was at a mall and this guy was I opened
a door for a guy like we're both walking
out and I saw him like right behind me
so I opened the door and he walked
through and he stopped right outside the
other side of the door and start
checking his phone so I was like trapped
behind him that's a waste of this I only
have so many of these lists like you
can't be nice to everybody because
there's too many people out there hey
there's something happening right where
there's just more dumb people right like
you guys have have to have noticed like
it's not just me right there's something
yeah and I don't mean people to anything
clinically wrong with them I mean people
that just do stuff like that that just
slow the day down for everyone else
righteous dum-dums right just free-range
morons just out for the day
just cage-free idiots just like yeah
yeah like let me walk slow in a mall the
five of us are gonna walk side-by-side
just try getting around it stir like I
was driving I'm on the highway that's 65
on the highway there is a car in the
right lane going 45 I'm going 20 miles
on her
I lost it like this one things I have
this fantasy right all right just
imagine I have a slow
snowplow on the front of my car and I
could just edge him off like just like
now you don't get to know this is you
don't get to drive you right but and
like I go to pass the car I want to give
a look like I like to look these people
in the eye right
I look over it's a woman she's not even
looking out the windshield she is
looking out the driver's side window
like this
just a whole world of responsive in from
the windshield and she's just like I'm
out I'm having a day here I think we
should have what we should have is we
have a city was just dumb dumb city
where we just send all these people
right which is I could name a hundred
cities right now just the city we just
fence it off put all the dumb people in
it let them live their lives right they
just have happy lives in a slow city
it's fine right like we have a division
of the police you can call it and call
the police and be like hey there's an
idiot and the police come and I throw a
sheet over her car right and she falls
asleep like a parent because she would
you don't sound like she gets slightly
darker she's a good sleepy time it just
passes out that's what would happen and
the cops just gently take her car and
they put they just put it in in dumb
dumb city right they don't hurt it they
take the sheet off and she just wakes up
and keeps his driving
he's like a whole different trailers and
she's like all this trees now and just
lives her life she just goes into any
house she's like this is my house right
like I was at Starbucks I'm in line to
Starbucks it's a long line and they're
like 15 minutes there's a guy in front
of me he's in line for like 15 minutes
and he gets up to the counter and he
goes what did I want
I could have on my hands I was like are
you gonna strangle him like I couldn't
control him I was like no hands no like
this I couldn't do anything about Missy
I should be able to call the police and
be like hey there's an idiot at
Starbucks in the police comment so I
shoot over him he falls asleep and
there's take him to dum-dum saying take
his sheet off at a start and he's at a
Starbucks there and he's like what did I
want and the guy behind the counter is
like I don't even work here I fell
asleep in a Burger King I don't know
what happened and they just start
pressing buttons he just does his order
like that's it so we need the I am super
excited to be here had a great day thank
you all for coming out I'm in a good
mood thank you yeah it's a good day I've
had a good I did nothing today
I didn't put pants on till 6:00 p.m.
[Music]
when all day you're like no pants yeah I
had a good day yesterday I had a nice I
like to relax before a big show the day
before just went to Panera for lunch
dukey's at Panera here Oh where'd it get
our delicious sandwiches you don't
you're like we don't have seen which is
here get out of Utah for your bread and
meats
I'm sure you guys have some good places
I gotta put here when I'm on the road
cuz it's it's consistent I know what I'm
getting you know I go and buy myself
walking around all the time well if
driving let's be honest I'm not just
strolling down streets like sandwiches
sorry
worried about sandwiches I'm gonna get
the same thing no matter where I go
right I get the same thing I get a
grilled cheese in a tomato soup alright
yeah cuz I'm a giant child it's a
classic it's amazing right I went to
Panera once and I get my grilled cheese
with my tomato soup and I sit down and I
take a bite it's sandwich and I was like
hey I think the soup wants to be in here
too I think these two are friends right
yeah so I take a bite of the sandwich
and I lean forward to take it by to soup
and the bite of sandwich falls out of my
mouth
and goes into the soup and yeah and I
look up and the woman at the booth
across from me is staring me right in
the eyes
yeah so I just ate every single bite
like that yeah cool
you want to show I'll put on a show I
got a night job I could do this all day
I was in Lyon one's going up for lunch
and I was the next one at the register
and there were two firefighters behind
me so when I got to the register I told
the guy I went I want to pay for their
lunch and I said it like really cocky
like I was the hero right
like I said it and I waited for him to
throw me a parade I was like gotta watch
out the confetti he's coming yeah and
then six more firefighters walked in and
I was like never mind not a hero
when traveling I went to CVS so into the
pharmacy by my house to get some
provisions for my trip and I was in line
I was up there the guy at the register
was checking me out he was checking my
stuff out and I know where I stand
he's cheeky he's checking me out
and these two guys walk in and they go
and they walk to the beer case and they
each take two cases of beer and they
walk out they make no attempt to pay for
them nothing and none of the employees
do anything about it almost jumps in
line
we're like freaking out right we're like
you guys are being robbed right and the
guy at the register leans forward to me
and he goes if you take less than $50
where the stuff are not allowed to stop
you
and I went how much is my stuff
sure yeah and he goes 34 97 and I put my
hand on it and he just went please don't
like I feel like I broke him but just so
you know if you need anything from CVS
just go in and take it and walk out if
you have a once that once a day you will
never have to buy toiletries again just
Monday shampoo Tuesday conditioner
you're like hey Bob they're like see you
tomorrow all right you like toothpaste
windows Wednesday's working for you
right yeah oh yeah that's what I did I'm
glad to be on the road I am having some
problems at home I don't mean problems I
have right now a situation I'm dealing
with
there is a raccoon living in my chimney
I'm totally serious we can't get him to
leave you know how I discovered it this
is the worst way to discover it I heard
a noise in my chimney and so I stuck my
dumb head in there and he took one of
his tiny demon hands grabbed my nose
they have human hands I thought it was a
tiny demon like you're coming with me
like I thought
it's a chimney I was like oh no like it
was a bad situation he screamed in my
face is awful and so I I like I know
what you're thinking right now you're
just thinking why don't you just light a
fire right I can't every time I stick a
match in there he goes that's it
horrible so I call animal control and
like hey I have a raccoon you guys need
to come and get it and the lady goes we
can't come get a rack who analyst are
injured yeah and I was like well how do
you injure a raccoon like just you have
a manual leg another way is it emotional
just do that like just emotional that I
know
that I got great and she goes you if you
injure that I have to call the police
that is animal cruelty and I'm like you
told me to do it I didn't want to do it
you told me to I'm told me to right so
she goes with what you can do she goes
this guy's already died and it's already
it's all good already he's look good she
she goes what you can do she goes if you
they don't like loud music like music a
lot of bass she goes so if you blast
music it'll make them leave something
okay fine so I just all day
I'm just blasting like EDM and rap just
loud obnoxious music my neighbors are
looking at the windows open like you
know what's going on there's a raccoon
like the world's weirdest neighbor and
he doesn't leave he doesn't leave so I
called back call back
tell Animal Control I'm like I need to
get rid of this raccoon and she goes
okay she was what you can try she goes
if you attract another raccoon she goes
they'll fight and it'll be disputed
territory and they'll both leave so I'm
like all right I think bringing another
raccoon in the situation is a perfect
idea
like I can't give me words so I did I
attract a raccoon I'm like I'm like what
do they like to eat and I was like what
do I like to eat like I think we eat the
same thing as I have a suspicion so I
just leave a trail of like Cheetos and
Papa John's just up to my chimney right
and it happens one that it happens it's
like late at night I hear there's a
rustling there's critters raccoons
screams it's crazy right so I go the
next day like I did it and I look and
now there is a bigger raccoon living in
my chimney I have a raccoon gamla we're
just the stronger ones like I'm staying
like that's what's happening in two
weeks I'm gonna have a human-sized
raccoon in my kitchen like who's next
it's got the move I like where I live I
don't like I have a bad neighbor I have
one of my neighbors I don't like I don't
like him he's very rude it's very hard
because he's very attractive
you ever hate someone attractive that's
hard that's hard to deal with I'm just
you know what I mean like he's really
good-looking he's like a beefcake he
won't like work out in the driveway with
no shirt and I'm just like you aren't
just the worst like I just he's the
worst
his name's Kevin - all Kevin's are the
worst right you've never met a nice
Kevin you've never met a guy named Kevin
been like he's a great guy that's never
happened right yeah I don't see anybody
raise their hand like I know what good
Kevin not one of you know Oh one okay is
that Kevin next to you oh I'm sorry you
seem like a nice guy
I don't like him okay here's money I
don't lean on three Kevin's my entire
life right one of them is in jail one of
them wrong to Britney Spears and one of
them is my neighbor very specific
reference don't like my neighbor he
doesn't mean things and he's an uber
driver right so every time I'm home like
once or twice a week it's 3:00 in the
morning I'll set my alarm and I'll call
an uber and then I look out my window
and I watch as his bedroom light turns
on and then this bathroom light turns on
and then his front light turns on and
then when he leaves the door I cancel it
yeah that's right yeah like I saw you
put your trash in my trash can Kevin now
you're awake too nice to be out and
about I've been traveling a lot to
travel for this comedy and I was in I've
had I had one of those days like just
like a long crazy that I was traveling I
flew from California to Nate upstate New
York three flights all day I was like
shiny at the end of the day you need to
get that end of the day shininess or
they're like you need to get out of this
Airport cuz planes are gonna land on
your face I'm like right here right I
check into my hotel
melih know we're late at night the lady
gives me the key I go up to my room
put the key in the door I opened the
door and there was a man there is a
human man asleep on my hotel beds and I
was like that is odd
I got the breakfast package I'm not
quite sure if that's that counts oh no
what package this is so I slowly close
the door I go back downstairs I told the
woman the counter I went excuse me I
went there is a man in my room and she
went what kind of man irrelevant I
wasn't like he seems like a family man
I'm gonna see if this is gonna work out
be right back look I don't think it's
gonna work out between us I've been
doing a lot of traveling I've been doing
a lot of international traveling I've
been going out of the country a bunch
which has been a great experience but
not for the people who meet me I'm
American hey you guys I don't know if
you could tell by my BMI that I am from
America born and raised here I'm not
bragging I am the stereotype of what
other countries hate about Americans
right like if you see a poster for bad
Americans just me like hey like I'm
overweight I'm loud I'm cocky for no
reason yeah like every country I go to
I'm like we're here
boots on the ground yeah yeah I don't
want to be like that it doesn't matter
where I'm going I just land and I'm like
where's your Mexican food
feel like you're in Europe I'm like you
put cheese in something I need a
quesadilla and you got one
I go America on people quick right do
that too like I went to Canada which we
can all agree is not another country
right come on it's not it's like the
same kind of right I think of Canada how
I think of like my grandma's attic right
like it's higher up it's a little chilly
I feel like I have to be quieter I'm
like I don't think they like brassy
broads here I went to Canada once I go
right across the border to su Ste Marie
it's a tiny town right across the border
and I went to a gas station i'ma choose
a five dollar bill great at four at the
gas station and the guy wouldn't take it
right and I'm like I don't know
international I'm like I can see my
border you have to take my money I
believe that to the law I said it only
works one way we can't use yours
that's crazy he wouldn't take I start
freaking angle America real quick I'm
waving this five dollar bill around I'm
like do you know who this is I was like
this is Abraham Lincoln right he was a
great man he was our 11th president and
he goes he was your 16th
I went to American public school we
don't learn about that there apologize
to your king for me my top hat they wear
those they're right I'm into a lot of
cool places I went to Guantanamo
Guantanamo Bay
it's a naval base on the opposite side
of Cuba when an island I don't know why
I did that like I don't know that's the
shame it's an island you guys know
that's the same language sign for island
you just have to believe me just said it
that makes it true I went to one time I
was just cool I did a show for the Navy
there and it was it was cool we went
there it's a tropical island they have
all kinds of crazy wildlife there like
they have iguanas to get like six feet
long and they have these things there
they look like giant guinea pigs or like
this big and they run around the island
and I was asking the guy we were with I
said what do you call those like what
are they and he goes we call them banana
rats yeah and I said do you call them
banana rats because they eat bananas and
he goes no we call them banana rats
because their poop is the size and shape
of a banana I was like oh my gosh I'm a
banana red
never new guy he's first one all right
all right test in the waters medium
we forego Anton MO from the Naval Base
in Jacksonville and we flew on ac-12
which is a naval plane that seats seven
people including the pilots yeah I was
sitting right the height behind the
pilot like how's the flying going can
you feel my breath on your neck back up
okay okay I'll back up back up I don't
need to sit this close I realized that
now right and we flew there from
Jacksonville and that's like a normal
airports a big naval Airport and we had
to check in as though we're at a regular
airport and there was four of us going
and the lady at the desk asked every
single one of us very loudly in front of
a bunch of people how much we weighed
and I was last if she gets to me she's
like how much do you weigh I was like I
don't know the most I was like put me
down for two people please I would like
to human tickets and she goes what we
need to know because they need to know
how much fuel to put in the plane and I
was like all of it just fill her up
how about this how about we don't
chanson how about you
look I will siphon the gas out of the
other planes and carry on as my luggage
like oh we had 10,000 feet yet so I
don't know how many of you because ever
wear pants with holes in them like cool
fashion holes in your pants really cool
pants you get a leg rips and stuff yeah
cool pants right for cool people I was
like I want to wear those right but
nobody told me this if you were pants
with holes in them when you put them on
you you have to go toesies down right
like a gentle lady you got to go in like
a ballerina
you got a ducky toe yeah you gotta you
gotta go you do a little bit ballet it's
a whole thing it's a whole thing trust
me no one told me this I was in a
dressing room
and I was like I'm doing it I'm getting
these cool pants and I stick my size 11
canoe into these pants heel first it's
like ahh and then my sausage toe just
grabs onto the whole I was like I and
just I just hear it and like I'm still
in emotion like no I can see it
happening rip the whole pair of pants
completely I'm just in half a Capri like
Oh No
there's just a swatch of denim around my
ankle oh man and I can't face up to what
I've done I can't obviously and so I
just fold him up and I just left like
the woman at the counter was like are
you okay I'm like thanks bye and I run
but you know she went into that dress
room it was like are you serious right
and she should be able to call the
police he'd be like hey there's an idiot
could probably catch her in Hot Topic
and the police come in throw a sheet
over me take a little nap and I just
wake up in a dressing room and dum-dum
City with half of Georgia and I'm like
this feels right here for some reason
feels pretty good here I'm trying to
learn new things I would like to be
smarter wish I was a smarter person
smart people do one thing I won't do I
won't watch people and I know a lot of
smart people that watch foreign films I
won't do it not doing it now there's not
cuz there's foreigners it's because
there's subtitles that's crazy you want
me to read and then look and then read
in then look are you serious I only have
two eyes okay watching TV is like
reading for your eyes they're already
busy whoa do it I went to my friend's
house we watch movies together and she
puts a movie on then she stops it when
oh so sorry it's a foreign film is that
okay no no it's not okay
if you called me an hour ago and asked
me if I wanted to read a book while you
yelled at me in Korean I would have said
No
like this is a good chapter why are you
swinging that sword around distracted
I'm gonna take a survey cuz this is
another thing that kills me that like
it's something okay so how many people
here are good with cars like know stuff
about cars
Oh a lot of you guys that's awesome
that's there's like ten people that's
great that's a high that's a high number
usually at zero you guys could you like
you too buddy mm-hmm friends for life
that's awesome guys do you guys know
each other already oh okay well I never
I take it back good for you guys that's
cool that's it is rare now like nobody
knows anything about cars and that's
like we should all know more we should
be more self-sufficient right like you
have to trust your mechanic we know
anything about cars like I took my car
and my McCann tells me he goes your
brakes are at 70% now I don't know what
that means
but I do understand fractions and I'm
like does that mean 7 out of 10 times my
brakes are gonna work
and three out of ten so I'm gonna plow
into an intersection my sorry guys I
don't understand cars just go from ooh
like I was driving once I'm on the
highway and smoke starts coming out of
my cars crazy all this smoke says come
on my hood so I pull over really quick
and I turn the car off and I popped the
hood and I go and I look what was I
looking for
I was like yep that's it that's my
engine or it's not I don't know anything
about cars you can put a cardboard box
there would've been like yeah but that's
this that's my cardboard Aitor
[Applause]
I am trying to learn things I'm low
class too
I am I'll just admit it Oh class I know
I look fancy don't be fooled by the $13
shirt I bought this morning like this
looks fancy looks like a $14 shirt you
don't okay so like everyone kind of
falls into a class system right we all
kind of belongs somewhere and I'll tell
you how you know what class you belong
in and that's the food you like that's
it that's how you can tell it's what
kind of food you like to eat like I'll
tell you guys I was watching this
cooking show and it's all these
hoity-toity rich chefs are all the chefs
are like millionaires and the show is
them talking about their favorite food
right that's what it is
and it's all it's in there deciding to
cook it it's how far we got with cooking
shows everything cook so just like I'm
gonna talk about it for half an hour
and it's these millionaires talk about
their favorite meal and all of them are
the same every single one they're like
haha I was in the South of France it was
this little cafe off the side this
cobblestone street and it was in a
mousse bouche with fig and goat cheese
and blam blam and they're like mwah
better fact 0.8 don't know what my
favorite meal was one time I made kraft
mac and cheese with two cheese packets
[Applause]
[Applause]
you all know my worst meal was the next
day I made kraft mac and cheese with no
cheese packets I learned a valuable
lesson about portions like oh they give
you one for a reason well that makes
sense now sense yeah at one time this is
just okay one time I accidentally ate a
challenge food like I accidentally ate
one of those things that are on TV where
there's like a fat guy eating it and
people are cheering him on and they get
your picture on the wall I was in the
small towns in La Crosse Wisconsin the
small town I go to this diner for
breakfast and I see this thing on the
menu
and but there first of all there were a
ton of clues that I missed out on all
right I look at the mic stack I'm like
that looks delicious nine ingredients
that's a normal amount of breakfast I'm
like mmm that sounds good i order it the
waitress twice asked me if I'm sure and
I'm like yeah I'm sure bring me the my
stack and then she asks me if there are
more people coming that's a big clue I
was like I get it I'm lonely thank you
for rubbing it in right she brings me if
and I realized before she brings it
there's kind of a hush has fallen over
the diner but I'm like well that's not
good and my eyes wander up but I see on
the wall there's Polaroids under
something called the Mike's challenge
and I'm like I hope that's not related
to the Mike stack
cuz that would be weird she brings me
the biggest plate of food I have ever
seen in my life
and she puts it in front of me and now
people are like watch him like the guy
in the booth next to me is like leaning
over everybody the bars turned around
and I'm like well what are you gonna do
it was like I am hungry it does look
good there are nine ingredients and I
dig in right and I started eating that
I'm eating it I'm going in a good clip
right making some good time by halfway
in it hits me I'm gonna finish
have been I'm like this ain't even
touching my hunger this is not Mike
this is Tuesday to me this ain't nothing
like I'm just eating and then I look up
and I see the pictures on the wall and
I'm like should I just try to retain
just one ounce of dignity but I'm like I
can't I can't just have my picture just
like like I can't do it someone in 10
years is gonna sit and I just like I
can't do it I just have to retain some
dignity so I start to I start to really
I'm like oh this is so much vision I
start playing it up people like you can
do it I'm like I wish I could I'm so far
I did the only thing to maintain my
dignity
I got a to-go box let me say something I
am NOT a quitter I finished it in the
parking lot in my car I might take that
mic yeah when I was finished one busboy
came out and he nodded at me and I was
like you know
I'm a winner sometimes though you can be
a winner and a loser at the same time
this is cool I'm having a good day
talked to my family today which is nice
and love I love my family have parents
that wonderful they are there I love my
parents very much although I think it's
your parents job right to
psychologically damaged you grants a job
just enough to make themselves laugh
right that's a parent's job right look
Mike throw Kate we grew up in a bad
neighborhood we had wrought iron bars on
the windows and my mom was putting me
into bed one night when I was a kid and
she goes don't you worry those bars will
keep out all the bad people well except
the skinny man good night
who's the skinny man I think terrify
defeat people ever since they're so
lying they can in and out of areas other
people can't like where did you come
from under the baseboard like a rat I'd
kind of a weird childhood I think you
ever look back on your child and think
things were like weird like not weird
but I'll take is this for 15 years for
15 years of my life I believed that I
was allergic to apples toilets tears
goes one time we were kids my sister
dared me to eat six grand Smith apples
as fast as I could
now if you guys know this apples are
really high in fiber
I'm not allergic to apples
you're just not supposed to shove six
apples and your fat kid face in two
minutes all your poop your pants
you'll sully your bloomers you'll soil
your OshKosh B'gosh is that's my message
here tonight you guys an apple a day but
just one that's all you need I grew up
in Arizona I'm from Tucson Arizona which
is awesome and it's are you from there
oh cool awesome
me too good for well let's see maybe we
ran into each other yeah I probably not
where'd you live oh okay yeah no those
are the rich people live we probably
mention my dad so you know it's hot
there it's like crazy it's like over 100
degrees 300 days a year it's crazy
my dad is thinks of himself as a
handyman which is not true
my dad like a lot of dads where he's a
handyman like he has to he fixed his
stuff until he has to call people to
come fix it you know he fixes it enough
that it needs to be fixed professionally
and he built us one year one summer a
playhouse out of corrugated aluminum
siding
and left it outside on a slab of
concrete with no shade above in demand
did we plan it and I was sitting there
in my sweat lodge as just seeing stuff
wretches heat stroke and he's watching
from the air-conditioned house eating
ice cream like all she hasn't moved in
hours she loves it that's how you can
tell I have a grandma she's still with
us she's amazing she's like the greatest
woman who ever lived I love my grandma
she's very old obviously she's she's an
adult older lady she lives with a
depression which have you ever noticed I
think that's why I like all of her
furniture is uncomfortable I'm talking
about like she's just like glad to be
alive and my grandma your couch is
uncomfortable and she's like did you die
of dust pneumonia no well then sit down
all right you can tell that's how
Westberg is her favorite candies black
licorice that is not a young man's candy
you don't see a 20 year old eating black
jellybeans like it doesn't happen she's
like oh this is so good at my grandma we
have high fructose corn syrup now you
don't have to eat our four Fonda
which is like whom this reminds me of
the railroad she's a baby snatcher she
loves babies if she sees a baby she will
grab it and kiss it she loves babies
right it's the cutest thing ever and
here's the thing if you know someone
even oh so you know someone with a baby
and you see them from across there they
will do everything in their power to
hand you that baby right every new
parent is just like someone I know and
they just start pushing the baby out
like it's yours now
and you can't dissuade them I've tried
right I've seen people with babies that
I know and they just started hitting and
I'm like a ho oh I don't like babies and
they're like he doesn't like you you're
even I'm like all the last time I held I
dropped he's strong he'll survive I'm
gonna kidnap him I wish you would she
don't say that I had it I have a baby I
had a baby have him still have him he's
still in my possession
he lives in my house in a baby last year
which is crazy it's super weird when you
have a baby like I am this is I'm an
overweight person and I'm hiding it
behind three shirts
I am overweight this is what I looked
like before I had the baby this is what
I look like the entire time I was
pregnant and this is what I look like
now right no one believed I would tell
me I've been seven months pregnant
telling my friends like guess one
they're like you're falling likea full
of burritos right and I'm married and I
so don't worry he's gonna go to heaven
and step one accomplished
and my husband's been incredible my
husband's been just amazing he came to
every single prenatal appointment cuz he
thinks it's his it's just been
incredible he's my it looks it looks
isaiah i'm not in my son i keep saying
yes he gave the first prenatal
appointment we went to actually my hands
are really bloated so i wasn't wearing
my wedding ring and he was wearing his
so i go to and you know women notice
that stuff i go to sign in and I see the
woman behind the desk look at my finger
and look at his and I leaned forward and
I went his wife doesn't know he's here I
stuck with it my whole pregnancy the
last appointment I came and still got
him I have a baby now which is crazy
I'll tell you guys if you don't have
kids a little piece of advice that no
one told me and I wish someone that told
me is that we have a baby when they're
born it's very tiring for them right
like being born is exhausting and they
sleep for like two days which is how
long you're in the hospital and I don't
think that's a coincidence right cuz all
the nurses everybody comes in and I'm
like oh what a quiet perfect little baby
oh what a little angel he's never gonna
cry for you yeah and then you take them
home and they wake up and they scream
forever
I brought my son home it was like you
flipped a switch we walked in the door
he opened his eyes and he was like when
when tricked you idiot when Wham this is
who I really am
where and he fools you he closes his
eyes and you're like oh finally I can
sleep finally I can do the dishes and he
opens one up and he's like not so fast I
wasn't done with you he's cute I'm lucky
he's objectively cute like he's actually
a cute baby and I know he's cute because
we took him to see the pediatrician and
the pediatrician walked in and he opened
the door and he went wow that's a cute
baby right and he sees babies all day
and then I thought maybe he does that to
every baby like just 50 times a day he's
like whoa that's a cute baby
whoa that's a cute baby but there's got
to be one that he just can't muster it
where he's like whoa how are you guys
today there has to be man married I've
been married for 11 years which is too
long and I love my husband I love him so
much like he's we're perfect for each
other like he's just a wonderful person
he's very smart but what he likes to do
is he likes to listen to audiobooks and
then tell people that he's a big reader
no you're not you just like story time
yeah he's so gonna suck to hear a little
tale that's a you like he's like tell me
that what about the drag is okay but
then it's beddy-bye time okay he goes to
sleep at night he's got an app on his
phone it's a white noise app but he goes
to sleep too and there's a setting on it
for crowded restaurant who has ever been
lulled to sleep by the sound of a
Crowder just plates clean can I get a
blue and never happened I love being
married but you discover things when you
get married you discover things you
didn't know before I didn't know this
there's an actual medical condition
where people will sleep with their eyes
completely open it's true people will
sleep with their eyes completely open
you know I discovered that the worst way
possible the first morning waking up
next to my new husband I wake up and
look over and he's just laying there
and what's my first thought I'm like I
gotta get rid of this body how awkward
he wakes up and I'm shoving it in the
duffel bag good morning
fine you wanted to sleep in there he's a
great I get uh I get stressed out too
easy one of those people I get stressed
by every everything makes me everything
of the little things everything makes me
stressed out right this is the biggest
stress in my life I think it's when
you're in a bathroom and it's not like
stalls but it's the one room and you're
in there and somebody knocks on the door
jiggles the handle that's that is a
heart attack every time right every time
every time I'm sitting there and
somebody like knocks on the door I I
don't know why I always sit up really
straight like that's gonna help them
like a little excuse me
and I always go I always go
now you speak Spanish I'm like zapatos
la basura biblioteca in other ways I've
never once never once been in a public
restroom where I could get the latch to
close never I think this is the
conversation that happens between every
two construction workers that build
every single public restroom
hey these latches don't line up that's
okay just make the gap big enough that
you can look the person in the eye of
know if someone's in there perfect
solution
[Applause]
trying to lose weight I'm working on it
I'm eating right and exercising it's the
worst I'm miserable so why so many
people are fat it's so easy so I just
have to lay here any pizza okay like
it's the easiest thing working on it I'm
trying to work out smarter not harder
like there's ways to work out to get the
biggest bang for your buck right like I
found this out when you walk if you do
not swing your arms you will burn 35%
more calories it's true but you will
also look like a psychopath
like where are you going murder
[Applause]
[Applause]
I get that I'm annoying I know that like
I know people see me and they're like oh
she's gonna want to talk to the manager
like I know I definitely look like I've
complained at a Panera I get my vibe I
do I'm an annoying white one I have the
worst white woman voice it's tear
everything I say sounds like a complaint
all of it even when I'm happy I feel
like holding on is such a fun shirt and
everyone just here is this one all says
grow I've been schooled and all the best
white woman ways I was in a sorority in
college you're like we know that it was
fun I liked it I got thrown out so
that's better
right okay good now you're like we're
back with this con uh yeah I can say
that I marched I didn't I was in Palm
Springs but I walked around so I liked
the sorority until I got thrown out and
I knew I was in trouble because I got
called in front of the Executive Board
which is just like for blonde girls
named Katie so I go in and I was like I
promise I'll lose weight and they're
like great start not where you're here
and then I had to do the rest of the
meeting on an elliptical they told me I
was being thrown out because I started
to exhibit behavior that was overly
indulgent in men and alcohol
so like okay where do I pick up my
trophy like that's what you're throwing
me out for for booze and boys that's the
whole reason I joined the sorority those
are the pillars of sisterhood
it's like throwing someone out of a
country club for being too good at golf
and inadvertent racism what I'm the best
[Music]
I want to be somebody when I grow up
I want to be I want to be I want to be a huge star not physically, but I want to be big
I Want to be like the next Halle Berry Jim Carrey with that oprah Winfrey money you know mother rich
Lotta people ask me. Oh tiffany. Why do you do comedy? Why are you comedy?
Why why why don't you model get a rich baby daddy or something? I'm like bitch, if comedy. Don't work out. That's what the f**k I'm gonna do
I'mma go ahead and get pregnant collect child before it like the rest of these bitches out here f**k it.
Nothing wrong with it right you do it
It's nothing wrong with it, and I'm gonna have a couple of different baby daddies. I'm gonna have like four or five different ones
That's four, five different checks coming in that's good money
Thats good money coming in I'm one of all difference. I'm gonna have each one a different race
I'm definitely gon have to have me a white one because I know my checks gon come on time. I'ma probably get two of those.
two white baby daddies and then get me a
Hispanic baby, Daddy because he can build a house for me in the rest of theses motherf**kers
We gon start out in the studio apartment. He gonna add 25 bedroom
There's going to be met our kids and all his ancestors
So we gon have it poppin .
Who's the biggest celebrity that you would like to meet. that I would like to meet yeah
That's alive?
You don't want to meet somebody dead
Yeah, so yeah
Somebody live right now somebody alive that I can meet right now and meet like what do you mean by meet like this week?
We're always like oh, you will we help my career model
Yes, Ouma Thurmond. I will fuck your
16 if it is coming about right, and I may I'll make me some friends Amber and Samantha
We're totally hanging out right and ruin gym class, and I'm like totally like showering, and they're like oh my God
Tiffany your bush. It's like ridiculous is like a total monkey down there. Oh my God
Nobody's going to ever eat your burger. Oh
My God, no you have to get that wax. I'm like wax. What's brush - oh my God. It's going to be so bright
It's going to be you're you're going to love the way your monkey looks after that. I swear the guys
So I'm like okay cool. So they take me to the spa and stuff another little asian lady come up
And she put the wax on it's all warm. I'm like. Oh, that's mine
I'm kind of cool. She put the paper on this you press down kind of my damn bitch
I'll take the pain Trouble I
Walked out of there motherfucker with a faint. I don't have white ball dance with one bar to tune it right I?
hope you like design I
Know you very well, and I just met you I know that you are very shy
I am and and this has just decided you that's like and whenever I get a microphone in my anything in my anything that anything
You are referring you are in this business for the right to see you are your you know exactly what may be said, Mecca Empire
You're in it to win it to
Empire oh
for a pyre
Oprah hi. How did oprah become so successful is she a role model for you? She is as you are following in her footsteps
Because you are what you look at to the people?
Look at how you connect with all these white folks I?
know how to cross the color line
That's living with all of my people when I was in foster care daytime
Shit, I can't read
Only know how to talk in fuck begging you know you can only do that for so long
Y'all don't get higher than sir the talk initiation
She got that sitter you just like a nigga copyedit
It's important to suck dick so like that right man. Isn't that important for you guys went?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I learned how to do that shit off a gay porn as I learned
That be choking on it and stuff. Y'all like it wait show you how to talk a little bit on the bigger never know
You won't kill me with all this shit
Even when the Asian man is a little harder you do
Asian boob. I love asian dudes cuz I got magical powers
Something I don't know this is a guy guy y'all magic. He said I can't get you know, but I can give you mathematic
Y'all got superpowers men salut right here this background right here
Mmmmm, hey
Y'all quran and what wish y'all via to me?
Chinese oh yeah, got super magic y'all got the fun choice
Whoever had the first way before I girl oh my God, I got super oh my goodness
The only man you don't even have to take your clothes off and they just later
And you lay down on your back and they put their hands right here over your bellybutton everything
That goes in like there, and you like oh, oh, oh oh, Mr.. Kim. Oh
Let me go my cue from chop suey or something his mother making some orange chicken
Yeah, I'm still cute
Tummy, I'm looking at me like why she got that little sparkly ass bag. What's up? It's a little bag
That's the cannon of the last part with her uh I carry my little pocketbooks with me everywhere. I go because
Why do I mean republicans just people in general they feel?
May be stealing that's how we got here right, so I people come the two of us. That's in here
How we got here right because why people can place told us they kidnapped us we could be in Africa right now with our titties
out like
on Tiger fucking walking tigers mischievous
We I'm here in America, and I'm glad I'm happy. I'm here
I appreciate all the white people in Spanish people that sold us remember to thank you
that fits you not free
You sold me to this
Why is black people named Pablo I?
Kidnapped up to don't don't get it twisted
One time I said that at a show on the girl going yellow
I some of us was trading for beads Amira's all of us wasn't kidnapped. I was like bitch
You was traded for beads and mirrors okay cuz no ass is ugly as hell
My people were kidnapped. We are fucking beautiful, bitch
Let's not jump ahead and took
They went up to y'all motherfucking chief and was like can we have some of your people he was like
Yes, take all the ugly bitches give us mirror. We reflect on these ugly hoes and
That is what happened
Ladies you ever wear some jeans so tight when you take them off it still looked like you got jeans on and you do be
Like take off your pants be like I did take off my pants be like a what's up with the pockets in the back
Motherfucker got his ass soozee. It supposed to have ripples and dance swimming and stuff. That's what make the sound effects dummy
And men let them sound effects don't they they let at that point I?
Can't really do it with my mouth, but my ass does it great
Now I'm saying it fuck they love that lady's liver the first time he was doing the doggy style
And he was liking me it dude hitting from the back and you just like oh my God you hit me like oh my God
This is amazing
I don't even have to look at him or nothing
This is so good. Oh my goodness
Hope is no don't look don't fuck it up. Don't fuck it up anything
Oh my God, this is so good. Oh, oh
And I don't know the first time for me. It was so good
I started to raise up like a black swan ass on my raise up on my tippy toe this shit like I
and in all of a sudden
And I didn't know what to do
I didn't know whether the lab screen cry get up and fucking run the first time it happened to me
I just buried my face in a pillow like oxygen threw my ass back real fast like you turn the nitro on that shit
Y'all know what I'm talking about like
that cleve
Why don't nobody tell you why don't they tell you in health class that this could happen nobody tells you this?
When you younger that this is possible to happen the first time to happen so you just fucking happens
It's like a surprise. They don't sit you down the health class and go ladies
There'll be a time when you're having sex and a man will be penetrating your vagina
repeatedly and as he's doing that he'll be pumping air in there and
Once you relax there'll be a sound that comes out. That sounds a little something like this
Don't become alarmed. It's natural you're just relaxing
It'll tell you that none of your friends
Tell you none of your girlfriend's does having sex before you tell you none of your friends like girl
I was doing it to hector yesterday. He had my pussy be boxing, bitch. Yeah, my feel like
Tell you that
Just happens and men love it when they hear that sound all it's like magic to them is like. Oh yeah. Oh yeah
That's what Daddy want to hear so that
if it's other plumbing that
So I live in a lot of different foster homes
I got to move around and live with a lot of different kind of families
And I'm so happy because it molded me into the person that I am today and like my very first foster family
They were hispanic right so I learned how to speak Spanish in mucho, Gusto
De Nada me incontinence and again so she knows tacos Papi Chulo and commend me for not sure I
always have fun when I say that it makes the cup I
also, learned how to make tamales and cut grass delivered babies
And I can make the kids in yellow dress like an ain't nobody motherfucking business
Okay, I'm a real same street, bitch
then I got to live with a Jewish family and I was afraid because the Mexicans told me what they did to jesus and
Your marinate on that one
But it was cool, because they were so kind to me. They do me about Mitzvahs. I had a big party
I never had a party before I got circumcised it was great
Now when I walk fast it feels really fucking good because there's no hurry to my mother thing
real emission bitch
Anybody that knows what the clitoris is supposed to look like knows. What the fuck. I'm talking about
This little jacket over at the little hood
If I walk fast, I don't need no man as well try to never
Cry smile so much this last mile. It's good being judith
I'm a Lutheran so yeah oh yeah we're
booth I have a lot of bad habits I have
a lot of vices mainly lutefisk and
pickled herring I'm real sorry about
that
don't come buy me another another bad
Lutheran Vice is the worst watered down
weakest coffee you ever had in your life
uh and that's why there are so many
Mormons that they tried the basement
Lutheran coffee and they're like no
we're going Mormon yeah okay see know
your audience
Wow I have two degrees in clarinet so
yeah that's why I do comedy
a clarinet never comes in handy for
anything unless maybe you're driving and
then you hit a deer and you don't have a
crowbar in your trunk to put it out of
its misery Wow
last time I hit a deer I had my clarinet
with me and I only got through like two
songs and he was out
yeah that's that's how good I am
my first job was that actually beginning
band teacher that's what I did yeah
[Applause]
no that is the job from a Qi double
hockey sticks I mean it to I think like
somebody went bound to hell and scooped
up some of the molten material and
brought it back and cooled it off is
that behold flutes and recorders ah do
you remember the recorders oh oh that
little plastic whistle you think it's
plastic it's genuine hell fire brimstone
yeah and every time you play the
recorder it calls the devil
yeah yeah yeah and then the devil is
like god crap I gotta go up there and
hear hot cross buns again if there ever
anything to make all the dark forces in
the world repent it'd be 30 elementary
kids playing hot cross bun on recorder
for three months you know and when
you're a teacher first-year teacher you
have such high hopes you're like yeah
kids for the holiday program this year
we're gonna play something from
Beethoven's 9th yeah by the third year
you're like okay you little turds I'm
pretty sure this year we're just gonna
play jingle bells and we're gonna go
ahead and play it again for the spring
concert
strive to drive our comedy for even more
of the world's largest collection of
clean comedy
as I joined a gym but this time I joined
a hardcore expensive private gym because
I thought it would work better
it didn't I'm honestly I'm more of a
YMCA guy you know that's my speed I like
it when the trainers like there's the
stair stepper think about it
non-committal you know this was the
total opposite that it was like too much
you ever been one of those gyms where
you look around everybody's just etched
out of marble you know they all looks
like they power walk from Peru for fun
you know and I get that I'm like what
are you guys working on you're done just
laid out and forever you've done it
you've completed the mission I on the
other hand first day at this fancy gym
passed out and threw up three times
Wow unconscious yeah and I don't
remember any of it cuz I was unconscious
actually I remember the beginning I
remember the trainer being like hi dude
I'm gonna start you slow with some
burpees a note boy it got dark he said
he told me the story later he said I
started doing something that resembled
the Burpee and I got lightheaded and I
sat down and I ate a Twix bar that I did
I had smuggled in and then I leaned back
in the chair and I go oh and I threw up
straight up into there like a disgusting
whale breaching the ocean surface just
and by the way that is the worst
direction to throw up in if you could
shoot this is fine that's somebody
else's problem this is your problem and
I hate that and then I I fell off my
chair and then I blew I threw up twice
more just in case anybody missed the
first one and I wake up and they taken
my shirt off those monsters
there's four paramedics you know I don't
know where they came from I don't know
if they were already there working out
in uniform like the Village People you
know like hey like you I was kind of
fading in and out at this point but the
trainer said like my chest hair was
there's a big mess right there and he
said I'm not really mad and I go who's
Lucas it just keeps getting worse they
put me on a stretcher and they they
strapped me into it you know I tied me
down like I'm a flight risk look clearly
I've shown that physical exertion is not
my forte I'm not going anywhere dude
yeah yeah what's worse than doing a walk
of shame
at a water park as a fat guy getting
wheeled out of a gym on a gurney in
front of 20 hot people I was in the back
of the gym I was in the back when it all
happened so when they they wheeled me
out they had to wheel me out the middle
passed everybody and out the front it
was so embarrassing so just my brain
went in to say you know face-saving mode
and they just as they're wheeling me out
I just did what I saw on a football game
on TV once
the guy blew his knee out and the card
on him off and as they're wheeling me
out the front I just did a slow
thumbs-up
[Laughter]
like everything's great like hoping so I
had to go back because I paid for a
month and it was the first day besides I
didn't want that to be the last time
they saw me I want to have some like 25
year old supermodel being like what
happened to the puke guy oh I heard he's
in assisted living now hey did you know
that drive our comedy has their own app
download it right now to watch save and
share clips and watch my whole special
i got my degree in counseling because it
was a whole lot cheaper than therapy
i'm kim curley i'm from san antonio
texas everybody yeah i'm a texas girl
i used to be a teacher in san antonio
texas they used to teach eighth grade
english
that's 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 and 20 year
olds
that's a great time kids these days i
think they're getting smarter they're a
little different they're getting smarter
but you know what take away their
calculators they can't do math
when did math become magic people
i went to the store and i bought
something with cash it was seven dollars
and fifty three cents
so i gave them a twenty two ones and
fifty three cents the kid goes you're
giving me too much money he's giving it
back
he got kind of indignant
giving me back the money take this two
dollars i don't need it and i said put
it in your machine and watch what
happens
when he did he looked at me like this
i felt like chris angel's mother i just
wanted to levitate and float away
those of you who don't know what i got i
got 15
even back that's what i did don't get
out your calculators put them back
i'm also a counselor i'm a stand-up
comic
and a counselor does that not scream i
have issues
doesn't it that was there i'm a licensed
therapist you can see me after the show
if you want to talk about stuff we
can do that i got my degree in
counseling because it was a whole lot
cheaper than therapy
i was getting better at it than the
therapist so
they started asking me a bunch of
questions how'd you deal with that well
i did this oh my gosh that's great
i know i know
i enjoy my neighborhood a really nice
neighborhood but yesterday we did our
recycling
and everybody takes out the recycling
bins and my my neighbor to the right of
me she's
bragging all the time about how her
recycle is so much bigger than everybody
else's
she goes i'm an aggressive recycler i'm
green
i'm an aggressive recycler and i'm going
no you're just a heavy drinker
she went out with this guy and he was in
her neighborhood he came over and talked
to me about he goes my goodness i
i'm telling you 100 into the date she's
not even slurring her words
i asked her what are you a german
swimmer i mean what
she is so that's pretty cool
i love college i want to go back to
college i got my master's i really want
my doctorate i just want to keep i love
it but it's so expensive
i have a new hero her name is amy
creighton this woman
is 89 years old and just graduated with
her bachelor's degree
89. yeah they asked her what are you
gonna do now amy and she said
what
you know what amy did she borrowed more
money and she's going for a master's
degree
good for you amy you know what you may
not have to pay back those student loans
i do the same thing just rack them all
up yeah i'll take the full amount
government
[Laughter]
amy so i'm married i've been married
very long
thank you thank you
i love it yeah it's a big decision when
he moved in
and he's laying next to me i had that
thought oh
crumb he's here
i wonder when he's going to go home
[Music]
you're kind of stuck with each other
that's a big decision he has sleep apnea
though
every now and then he quits breathing
and i'm thinking well that might be my
out
yeah he's a nice guy i love this guy
he's great of course i love him right
you know so
yeah romance is real important in a
relationship
on an average day if you've been married
for a while
let me hear from my married folks who's
married in the house tonight
oh yeah there we are
anybody dating on a date night right now
oh notice the married people didn't clap
along with that
listen married people if you get
showered and
and you put clothes on that are kind of
nice
call it a date if you're going to the
grocery store and you put on good
shoes you know whatever call it a date
you can date too you can be just as
happy as those people
on an average day of the married couple
been married for a while a man
speaks about 2 000 words a woman speaks
about eight
yeah now when you're dating and we heard
the exuberance there
on on the men increase what they say
to us twelve thousand words during the
dating process
men speak to us in a day women have to
we have to accommodate that we go down
to five twelve thousand to fine
you men oh my goodness
[Music]
you get married two thousand that's
right because you're being romantic it's
the romantic phase
and romance is very important isn't it
yes
yes i love romance i love romeo and
juliet that's one of the most romantic
plays even though they die at the end
they said some pretty cool stuff to each
other
the first time romeo well let me
let me just backtrack for a second i
knew that in my relationship right now
the romance was pretty much gonna have
to be worked on when i heard this
hey kim i just caught one i can't even
stand the smell of this one myself
you better open up some windows because
it's pretty bad
and come in here and smell it because i
think i'm sick
[Laughter]
i'm like i'm not a phardologist i'm not
gonna come in there and smell it
we're in our 50s and had hot dogs the
night before and maybe that's it
no romance at that point that's awful
romeo
so so romeo sees juliet at a party
and he says to his friends and it was a
mass great party caesar and he says to
his friends
did my heart love until now i swear for
sight i never saw true beauty until this
night
she comes out on a balcony says but soft
what light through yonder window breaks
says the east and juliet's the sun
my life with this man is more like this
romeo romeo where fought thou now romeo
i see it thou not yet smell a thou in
every chamber
for thou dost reek romeo
and if romeo were to have that happen
i think he would say something like this
but soft
a wind from down under doth break
come help me create a gentle breeze from
the east for the smell
is offensive even unto me
ladies and gentlemen the lowest form of
comedy is the fart joke the highest form
of theatrical performance
is shakespeare and they collided in
front of you tonight right yeah
thank you thank you
yeah my
eight-year-old grandson loves that joke
he doesn't know anything about romeo and
juliet but hearing grandma say
fart is so much fun
he's not allowed to say it right now
because he overused it i think
little boys who are eight that's so fun
i met my man online did the online
dating thing
i loved online dating i thought it was
great
i feel judgment
i love sitting in my room at night going
shopping for a man is that not just the
best
i love that it's how i shopped for all
of my christmas presents too
it is so this is a new thing it's
awesome so
i think that one man wrote a profile and
every man has copied that first guy's
profile
because they're all pretty much the same
i want a woman who can go from evening
wear to blue jeans
they all say that we can change our
clothes guys i don't know if you knew
that
but we can
i want a woman who likes to travel but i
don't want a woman with baggage
i know that's a stupid thing to put
together people but that's what they say
how can i travel if i don't have baggage
go with me on this
truth is we all have baggage we all have
baggage
i'm down to a carry-on
thank you what a strange thing to get
applause for
good for you counselor comic
you're crazy and you're down to a
carry-on yes i am
i know what's in there sometimes i take
stuff out put new stuff in there
i got it under control we all have
baggage though
every one of us we're human beings we're
not perfect you know
men have baggage they just don't like to
admit they have baggage
it's just that they have space bags
you see in the space bags commercial
where it's like all this stuff and you
suck the emotion out of it
and you're down with little thin crispy
wafers
that you don't dare break open while
you're driving in the car and someone
pulls out in front of you
where'd you get your license
yeah really cool thing
they did i think they spent like 250 000
on this survey
they did a survey on how many times a
day men and women nag at each other
what women how many how many how many
times a day do you think a woman
in her nags at her husband anybody want
to throw out a number
y'all were laughing more at that guy
than what do you say
no
no one has a guess how many times does a
woman nag oh this is date night married
night no one wants to say
i'm not gonna speak a word
okay you're not gonna play along are ya
it's three
three not a bad number most lays are
going really
that's pretty good
how many times a day do you think a man
nags that they 250
000 survey found out who said that
you're absolutely correct sir it's zero
250 thousand
dollars and it's like men don't neg you
know who did it
that guy over there did the study
maybe that guy and that guy with the
beard and the hat and they're like hey
okay we'll do it we're gonna watch a
couple they put you
in between this mirror and you just
watch them all day it's like what'd she
just say to
him she said take out the trash
what a nagging woman
he told her to do the dishes what
that is so cool that's a good suggestion
they've been sitting there all day
not fair not fair
oh gosh the other day we were driving by
a blockbuster old blockbuster building
that you could tell was a blockbuster
building
tumbleweeds are going by it's so sad
and my husband says man i wonder what's
next
i wonder what's going to be obsolete
next so many
changes in our society and all of a
sudden siri answered
people
oh my gosh
oh you know it's obsolete screen doors
are obsolete
no one builds a house and say make sure
you put that nice wooden screen door on
the front
no we don't put screen doors we don't
open our front door and let people see
in
that's scary no one even comes over to
our house anymore unless they're
they have to let you know they're coming
no one just stops by
even the fedex guy knows it's a
dangerous thing
when they come up and ring the doorbell
you ever notice how fast they run like
i don't know about you but when someone
reads a robot i was like get the gun
no one's coming over screen doors i
remember when i was growing up at the
screen
door we'd go to bed at night my mom
would go did you lock the screen door
we had that little lever yes it's locked
we're safe from all evil mom
brains come right through
one time we had we brought old pictures
into one of the classes i was teaching
in
and i had a picture of me on the
telephone you know and they were all
laughing oh
miss curly your phone was attached to
the wall
well you know that's why i brought it in
because i wanted to see it because i
thought it was pretty cool you know
remember run into the phone and you'd
stand
when you had to go the bathroom you
dangled it and you went to the bathroom
well i had a friend who had a phone on
the wall but she had a
50-foot cord and i used to be so jealous
i thought they were
rich she go guess where i am right now i
go i don't know where are you she says
in the bathroom that is so
cool you're rich
so i'm 57 years old and um i wore this
dress tonight because i'm 57 years old
and i deserve it
and so yeah
i'm shiny i even have on glittery
eyebrows
it's awesome i'm just so excited about
this so the thing is
i think i have it going on for 57 you
know men are still looking at me they're
all over 75 but they're taking a good
look so
menopause was tough oh my god i've been
taking hormones for 12 years
you know why i've been taking hormones
for 12 years for the safety of others
that's why i'm taking hormones
i want me to go off those things i knew
i was going through menopause
when i had my nails done one day and um
so i picked the mood nail polish i
thought that was really cool
because it changes colors with your mood
i grew up when mood rings were awesome
you know yay i wanted that done
so i got it done three hours later i'm
walking with my sister and she goes oh
look at your hands let's see what color
i looked at my fingers every finger on
it was a different color
every single one was a different color
oh my gosh i don't even know how i feel
what's happening to me i didn't have
biofeedback back then i didn't know what
to do
you know it's like this it was horrible
hot flashes the worst thing ever
hot flashes i wish hot flashes burned
calories
when a woman stand they're sweating as
like oh god love her
they don't they don't burn calories if
they did i'd be much more
cover girl than dove girl that's all i'm
saying
yeah i burn as many calories in a day
as a 16 year old boy does sneezing
that's how bad it is at this age it's
like two i'm like oh
shut up
why are you looking at me like that
because i'm having water for lunch
yep you know the thing about hot flashes
too
is that um i started menopause and the
hot flashes were really bad and
i was thinking at that point
that's the reason why women don't have
babies after menopause because the eggs
that we did have left were pretty much
hard boiled at the first hot flash
over
done
so i wrote a song about it and we're
going to sing it together because y'all
are a fun group tonight
it's called estrogen and it sung to the
tune of yesterday by paul mccartney
you'll know your part right guys you
know that song everybody knows this song
so you'll know your part
you were going to do this with me yes
yeah
you're a fun crowd that's why we're
going to go out after this yeah
okay here we go estrogen
my ovaries make it only now and then
look i'm getting grandma's bearded
double chin
oh i believe estrogen yeah all right
suddenly i am twice the girl i used to
be
i don't want a hysterectomy or hormone
replacement therapy
why do i sweat in my
sleep have weird dreams i couldn't say
i say lots of things wrong and now i
long for estrogen
estrogen yeah my ovaries make it only
now and then
and i am getting a hot flash again
big emotional ending oh i believe
in estrogen
[Music]
oh yeah that was good that was good this
guy in the front like i want to sing
this song about your ovaries
is making me uncomfortable you have a
mother now you know what she's going
through
sing her that song and put her to bed oh
i
believe enhanced
yeah you know in marriage this is
another study that came and
you know i'm i i'm a counselor i really
am and you know i'm all about getting
life right i want to get life right i
want to be happy
i want these things i want these things
for everybody and
i have friends who tell me everything i
had a friend that just came to me and
she says oh my gosh
i just got engaged and it was the worst
proposal ever
her boyfriend now fiance because she
said yes
brought in a bag put it on the kitchen
counter and said
there you go yeah
she took it out and it's a beautiful
beautiful engagement ring it's gorgeous
so she looked at him and she said will
you at least ask me
and she handed him the ring he took the
ring
held it towards her and he says do you
promise not to change
see the guys are all thinking well
that's pretty much what i was thinking
i didn't say it
men don't want us to change but the
truth is ladies we change every five
minutes we're a different person
it's the way we are it's great it's fun
go with the flow and
you know what the other truth is is that
the one thing women want in their man is
for them to change
but men don't change they stay the same
you're not gonna change them how many
times did your mother tell you that
ladies huh you're not
gonna change them because she tried
the words of wisdom there are men here
tonight still wearing clothes from
junior high come on you know that's true
i go in my husband's closet and i take
stuff out and he doesn't even know i
got rid of it for months he doesn't even
know but it had to go
hey where'd that yellow shirt go got it
in high school
where is it it's my favorite i don't
know
i don't know where it is
they say that it takes 26 years into the
marriage
before you finally feel true joy
true love and true contentment
26 years yes swallow that one people huh
i had to i'm newlywed 57 i'm never going
to feel
love joy and contentment if i do it's
going to be on my deathbed
isn't it i love you so much
i'm taking that with me to heaven
we're so different you know you know the
menopausal brain
for a female we become more logical
after it's all done you know our
our corpus callosum gets a little burnt
up you know we're just we're done with
all that there are so
our super highway kind of goes away we
we get more we were
more like men we become more like men
we're not very nice pretty much for the
most part
and men their testosterone levels
decrease
as you get older and you get nicer
i think there's a benjamin button moment
that happens sometime in a relationship
we are kind of sitting across from each
other it's like you finally like
wow this is a great moment
and then it's over it's done
you know you know what happens you go to
the store go to walmart watch the old
men and old women
old man's like wanting to talk to the
children hey
oh you could hear some kid and the
woman's going stop it
you're making a fool of yourself
i hate her
so i occasionally go on diets i ride a
bike i'm a road cyclist i ride a bike um
i just rode 100 miles in october thank
you very much
live through that one yeah helps keep
the weight off i know
i know when it's time to diet when i
have the chub rub thing happening
between my legs you know
put on a pair of spandex go for a run
[Music]
don't sit in dry grass after a short run
like that
for fear of fire
i'm italian i'm irish
i like to eat and uh when i had my first
baby
i gained 70 pounds with her
listen to the judge yeah i lost it a
long time ago
but it was horrible when she was born
because i had this child
and i asked is she okay yes she's fine
everything looks good yay
well how much does she weigh and she
turns around she goes oh she's so
healthy she's beautiful she's six pounds
three ounces six pounds three ounces
oh my god i started to cry i'm like
cut me open there's gotta be like four
in there
come on are you sure
she was it she's always been little
she's real little she's so little
i have a friend well she's not really a
friend
she's not she was for a while but she's
small and she would always say
oh i can't eat any more of this salad
because i'm so
little anybody have a friend like that
like i'm like
hi i'm i'm godzilla right okay
she would always she would attribute all
the wonderful things that she did to
being little i did all of my christmas
shopping because i'm
so little in july i did my taxes early
because i'm so little
i'm surprised you can even see me
because i'm so
little i don't anymore i've locked her
if i could turn back time
if i could find a way
ladies and gentlemen barbara streisand
thank you so much
i went yeah i said just share i know
that's part of the joke
it's not over yet
barbara streisand needs to come back
with a really cool
tour i love barbara streisand when she
did a star is born in the 70s i want her
to do rock and roll again
and i think barbara streisand needs to
do a tour across america like
barbara streisand sings pink floyd's the
wall
hello hello hello is there anybody out
there
smile if you can see me
is there anyone at home
how can you eat your pudding if you
don't eat me
thank you barbra streisand sings pink
the floyd that everyone can do everyone
can do this
do this and i'm telling you you're going
to be the hit
arnold schwarzenegger is the easiest
impersonation right get out of here
shut up right arnold schwarzenegger
singing children's songs
the wheels on the bus go round and round
that's all they do is go round and round
stop the basket off the bus
you don't know where the wheels are
taking you
[Applause]
he can sing christmas carols rudolph the
red nosed reindeer
shoot him
when i was teaching eighth grade one
year the kids all knew i could do some
impersonations they're not great but you
know hey
when you're when you're 12 that's
awesome
teacher's so cool so that kid walks up
and he goes miss curly
we've all talked about it and if we pass
this test and all of us get a's
on the test will you teach an entire
class in droopy dog voice
those little kids did it
i had to say that was the hardest 55
minutes of my life
i was teaching double negatives which is
perfect for droopy dog
and those of you who don't know
droopydog check him out later i'm pretty
much gonna nail droopydog
because i did 55 minutes of poopydog one
day
it was like okay
so if you say two things that are
negative
it's really a positive
you need to sit down i said sit down
i don't have an end to this at all
so i have two grown kids now my kids are
35 and 33 years old
i love the fact that they're doing well
i feel very blessed and honored to have
these kids in my life
i'm having to navigate new waters you
know how do i talk to them now
how do i ask them for money
[Music]
[Laughter]
it's not that i need it it's just that
they took from me for so many years
i go to lunch or dinner with them and i
just wait when the check comes out
it's uncomfortable for us all
so much fun
i had my mother's curse now the mother's
curse is someday you'll have a child
just like you
who in here received the mother's curse
someday yeah
yeah and you will if you haven't you
will
it's a very powerful tool my mother
started giving me the mother's curse
when i turned 13.
it was day in day out it was constant
she would just see
me oh someday someday you'll know what
you've put me through she didn't stop
she started when i was 13 and she didn't
stop giving me the curse until i left
home at 14.
it was just nonstop
so i had these kids and i had a child
just
like me she even looks just like me but
i'm thinking
okay this is crazy because we don't get
along it was insane
we had to go to therapy it was horrible
therapists you know giving us all these
things
didn't work nothing worked i don't know
what it is but when your kids turn into
teenagers
satan moves into the house that's what
happens i go to wake up my kids in the
morning i'd open up the door and go
girls get up it's time to go to school
night here
five more minutes we need five
more minutes turn off the light the
light hurts our eyes
we're not going to school today mother
we're sick
where are my beautiful little girls
teenagers are like
cats that come into your house and lay
around on dirty clothes
and they look at you like what the heck
are you doing here
you know what if you don't feed cats
they go to somebody else's house
teenagers do the same thing
what's for dinner tonight nothing okay
i'm just gonna stay here
okay
i want you to know if you let that go on
too long it's a felony
they actually monster drinks
are marketed to teenagers
why do they need extra energy
what is up with that do they need extra
energy to shift on the couch
yeah look for the remote
what the heck so i have this kid who's
just like me
and i just i gave up i gave up even
telling her to clean her room
it was horrible i just got to the point
where i pushed open the door and put my
head out and go
and then shut the door
she would just roll around
therapists told us to communicate as
best we could
so this this child has five of her
friends over
little cat friends slithering around on
her dirty clothes in her dirty room
and i'm thinking you know what this is
the day she's 15 at the time
i said i'm going to do it i am going to
give her the curse i am going to give
her the mother's curse i'm going to do
it once
so i went into my room and i put on my
purple fairy outfit which i keep for
other reasons and but it's really nice
it's got big wings sweet it is sweet
i had some glitter and i had i had this
scepter thing
you know so i shove open her door and i
go in her room and i start throwing
glitter around
her friends are like oh hi miss curly
shannon your mom's a purple fairy
and she's playing guitar on her bed and
i took the scepter
and i pointed it right at her but i
aimed it towards her ovaries as best i
could
and i said someday you'll have a child
just like you and you'll know all the
hell you
fight me through and your little dog too
and i ran out yes
she just got married she's been married
a year
and they're talking about their first
baby they want to get pregnant
and i'm so excited because it's going to
happen
the curse is real people it's real
she's going to be calling me up someday
mom you know what
this child is driving me crazy really
are you nothing but an atm atm
see how i brought that around antm eight
no okay
yeah y'all been fun thank you so much
for everything it's been great
had a good time tonight
[Applause]
so earlier i was an army wife so i i
have to ask where are the veterans in
the house tonight where are our veterans
no clap clap clap clap there's quite a
few
quite a few let's hear it for our
veterans in the house tonight
yes now
they would much rather have dollars
thrown at them than
applause yes exactly here you go honey
here's a 50 god
that's what they need because i remember
how we were so poor
see i married this guy you say you marry
somebody like your dad my dad was a army
veteran
30 years in the army he went to vietnam
four times all of which were voluntary
right we used to take turns waking up my
mom would say
kim go wake up your daddy honey but
remember don't touch him
i know i just got to the point where i
fling open the door and go ahead coming
and i run
i'd get in the car he'd already be there
oh my gosh daddy
what are you a ninja yes he was
it's an amazing guy
yeah so we we lived it was he was an e
nothing we lived on this post in
fort silly oklahoma they always put the
military bases in the most beautiful
parts of the country
there goes my endorsement for oklahoma
sorry about that
but my daughter was born in fort steely
oklahoma i was pregnant when i was there
we were so poor i would drive around the
base
and sometimes just sit in front of the
general's big old beautiful house
and just imagine what they had inside i
don't know heat
meat just groceries in general
it was a tough time you know we drove
what i call the pentecostal putt-putt it
was an old dodge dart
we call it the pentapod pentecostal
putt-putt we called it lazarus
because we knew divine intervention was
helping this car start every single time
we were so poor we couldn't afford to
fix it
if it broke down it was like please
just start
that car ran on prayer it was great
so i'm eight and a half months pregnant
and i'm living in fort still oklahoma
and it was a tough time but it was a
good time you know
we're on forces we're we're on base at
fourth town i took my um girlfriend who
lived next door to me
and we're gonna go to the commissary and
get some
groceries to share pretty much so she
was
she was sitting there and i'm eight and
a half months pregnant and i'm in the
i'm in the dodge dart pentecostal
putt-putt lazarus
and i stopped at a red light
and two soldiers were right there
they're probably as close
as you guys are to me and i'm in the car
and the guy guy looks at me he does that
that's a teenager for
i was 26 at the time so i was gonna last
look that was pretty
i'm sitting there he goes where have you
been all my life
he doesn't know i'm pregnant and my
girlfriend goes oh my
gosh he would just die and i was already
getting out of the car i got out of the
car
i went where have you been for the last
eight and a half months huh
where have you been i've been driving
all over looking for you and there you
are
[Applause]
the guy that was sticking with him he
took two steps away and goes dude
you know her the guy was like oh
i bet he never did that again
y'all been great thank you so much
[Applause]
you
and I do like romance - kiss you you
throw up I do like romance I do I like
romantic movies you guys into I okay one
girl I do like romantic movies the
problem that I have with them is that
they set us up for false expectations
and real-life relationships they do like
when I was little I saw the Beauty and
the Beast and I loved it
you know bill this beautiful young woman
falls in love with this disgusting piece
of [ __ ] hairy beasts but with enough
love and time and patience the Beast
transforms into an amazing loving doting
man and that's so cool was so romantic
because it's like in real life you meet
this amazing loving dodi man and with
enough love and time and patience
he transforms into a disgusting piece of
[ __ ] hairy beast and then maybe one
night you guys about with your friends
and you have too much to drink he says a
couple of weird things at dinner and
then you come home later on and I like
hate you I'm talking called my friend a
[ __ ] like five times a day and he's
like oh you're gonna tell me that I'm
alcoholic just like my dad this is not
what DC sent me up for when I was 13 I
saw the notebook you guys know
my favorite scene in the movies in the
very beginning when the two lead
characters are at a carnival and the
girl gets onto a ferris wheel she's with
her friend and they're riding the ferris
wheel having a good time and Ryan
Gosling sees her and he scales the
ferris wheel like you [ __ ] maniac you
remember this yeah yeah and then you
asked her out he's like please go out
with me I just I don't wanna go out with
you and when I saw that I was like yes
love that I want you know somebody who
will scale the ferris wheel for me
that's the kind of notebook moment I
want in my life
couple of years later I'm 16 years old
and I'm at the Del Mar fair in San Diego
and I'm with a guy that I have a big fat
crush on we get onto the ferris wheel
and I'm like oh it's my notebook moment
about to have
we get Tommy to the top of the ferris
wheel the Sun is going down he looks at
me and he says hey you look great
do you think you could suck my dick up
here
[Applause]
how could I not
it was my notebook moment I am a
hopeless romantic thank you guys so much
you be brave
[Applause]
[Music]
I tried it I try to get as much sleep as
I can but my husband I use that term
loosely buyer's remorse listen I have
time to shave my legs for somebody else
I'm stuck whatever it's fine I'm driving
fine it'll do I told him I'd go look I
had a 10-pound baby you broke it you
bought it
he's he snores right so for some reason
I take it personally I feel like when he
snores he's doing it like it's a
personal attack like like he's trying to
break my spirits like Chinese water
torture you know drip drip drip but
instead it's just I think he's asleep
half the time I think he's like his eyes
are halfway closed and he's like it is
different types of snores some of them
are like an 84 Chevy you know like it's
flooding the engine and then other times
he sounds like a sick elephant or
something that just a snore it's more
just like a
what is that coming out
I used to do a lot of online dating I
was on a dating app called uber first of
all the man has a car half the battle
you know and he's picking you up so
chivalry is not dead now yeah it's
getting there hmm
that I don't trust me I don't trust you
one bit don't trust sorry on his dad I'm
sorry just gonna say it I don't trust
men because if Beyonce he's being
cheated on been no woman's safe jay-z
cheated on beautiful Beyonce and then
Beyonce created a one-hour revenge film
called lemonade if my man cheated on me
I would just destroy all over IKEA
furniture
I'd be like do you see this $12
nightstand that took us six hours to
build I'm gonna destroy it in one second
just but not Beyonce Beyonce created
lemonade and for those of you who never
saw it all of her songs they sounded
exactly the same they were all just like
you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me you [ __ ] [ __ ]
on me track 5 you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me
track 12
you [ __ ] [ __ ] on me Serena Williams
came out she was like
at the end of lemonade jay-z made an
appearance he came out he was like looks
today they sorry BAE
no one got mad at jay-z when he cheated
they all got mad at the mistress they
got mad at this woman named Rachel Roy
but some of the Beyonce fans they heard
it wrong they started getting mad at
Rachel Ray the cook
can you imagine she's just in her
kitchen she's cooking up her frittata
oh the Sun she's getting all these
tweets like you're a [ __ ] and [ __ ] like
that I had too much salt
[Music]
things that are that are real and like
honest and who they are I think as I
struggled with that my whole life like
this Who am I I don't know who I am
trying to figure it out like I'm wearing
a boy's t-shirt I don't know I don't
know it for you
I do and you see it with like not just
with people but with like businesses
where they try to be like fancy and you
know they're like just a [ __ ] and
like you can see with like strip clubs
right because like you'll see like strip
clubs that are just like super shitty
and they'll have signs and say like live
nude girls cuz they just specify the
girls inside are live and not dead not
yet anyway and it's like I respect that
cuz they're like their strip club right
own it I like that but then where I call
[ __ ] is where you see the strip
clubs they have signs that say
gentlemen's club you guys see these
signs right it's like gentlemen's club
really guys the jig it up okay we're a
bunch of herbs in there
visit ranks top hat
can we take down the sign gentlemen's
club because like we live in a society
like there aren't gentlemen anymore
right because like gentlemen went down
on the Titanic not a single mom trying
to make a living I think the only way we
could get away with using the phrase
like gentlemen's club today would just
be because some dude was holding back a
strippers hair when she's starting toke
off the back of a toilet she comes out
of the bathroom song like oh my god he
was such a gentleman the other girl
compassion flake gentlemen's club oh my
god club my god
like it's a weird time to be a girl but
it's especially hard like it's hard for
me to get mad when men objectify women
when I just know that women objectify
men all the time like and I know because
I've done it it's just by different
standards like I think dudes would get
whistled at on the street just as much
as women do if they had their 401k taped
to there but really what is that a 4%
interest rate I mean I can't whistle but
you guys get hurt certainly thank you
sir we'll fix it in post I appreciate it
cuz here's the thing man like I was in a
bar recently with one of my female
friends and she was dressed all pretty
and then this guy came up to her and he
was like excuse me miss you have lovely
titties yeah okay that was my reaction
like I started dying I mean I was
laughing sorry but she got so mad she
was like whoa uh you don't even know me
and I was like well hold on a second
women do their version of that all the
time to guys but instead of nice titties
they say what do you do for a living
it's the same thing but dude so snapback
like whoa you don't even know me they're
just like oh no I manage the Chili's
around the corner by the way you have
lovely titties I just think that like
genders have advantages in different
ways and it's always been like that and
I get it it sucks like I understand it
blows that men of all the power in the
workplace that sucks but you know where
women have all the power
court and that's a lot of power that
we're not talking about like in 2019
women have so much power I could
probably get custody of a child that
isn't even mine
it'd be like yeah yeah but vagina just
take the kid why are we having this
conversation can't we go to Chili's or
something I'm hungry then I watched
Forensic Files after that does the news
ever stress you out so much you have to
watch Forensic Files afterwards to calm
down I watched so much of that show I'm
like addicted and I get so cocky when I
watch it to like I feel like I can solve
any murder now if it opens on a woman
being like I love Tim I'm like that
[ __ ] did it come on you can't fool me
what are we doing here
it's a wrap you know but here's what I
learned guys like after watching all
this stuff if you want to get away with
murder just don't come on anything and
you're pretty safe I mean I know it's a
lot to ask but you'd be amazed what
happens if you just like outside the
crime scene just wait like 10 minutes
you grow wings that's unbelievable I was
watching this one this dude was like
how'd you find me
they were like sir you literally sprayed
your address on the Ottoman
[Music]
I get a very sensitive when people ask
me about my life back in Russia like the
Russian people called russian dressing
american dressing no we call it
disgusting
or growing up what did you typically do
on Christmas Day we did what we did
every day cry because we lived in Russia
a part of it is that Russian idea of
being poor an American idea of being
poor a very difference like my friend
Stacy was telling me oh my god Irina on
my 10th birthday I cried so much because
my family couldn't afford a pony like
yeah totally
on my 10th birthday I cried so much
because we had to eat the pony
American parenting is also very
different guys it blows my mind how much
people here like to baby their children
every time I have a comedy show I mean
people drop like flies it's usually like
tonight Joey is 15
in Russia Joey would be a colonel in the
Army you know in Russia and Everage
six-year-old knows how to take a bus and
knows how to light the gas stove and as
a result of this early independence
Russia is a number one country and child
geniuses and also how spiders and we're
equally proud we're proud just about
anything I feel bad for American
teenagers any teenage parents here yes
just one just what you guys got a sitter
good but anyway it blows my mind how
busy parents keep their kids here poor
kids they have to go to school they come
home and they have piano lessons soccer
practice go to yoga
in Russia we don't have any of this
stuff in Russia we go to school we come
home and maybe if we finish a homework
only then are we allowed to hack your
presidential election you're welcome
when I came to the States
I didn't speak very good English I
didn't know what a DD STD DUI meant
until I got one of each and I actually
came here to work on the work visa as a
model and in my very first photo shoot
photographer goes hey Irina do you want
to pose for a Playboy and I'm like oh my
god
you mean like fully naked that's just
insulting it pays $25,000 I meant to say
inspiring my english not so good
[Laughter]
would you like a full Brazilian or a
bald eagle and this is how I became
Playboy's miss January 2001 true story
[Applause]
[Music]
like how old were you in 2001 yeah
exactly I am NOT even gonna mention that
signed copies are still available on
eBay or that I was on the page 49 and
also 50 51 52 53 but yeah
playboy was a lot of fun the parties
were amazing I was going through my old
party pictures and I found a photo of
myself and Bill Cosby I know so weird
because honestly I don't even remember
ever meeting him
[Applause]
I'm also an Instagram and if you guys
want to look me up please be sure to
spell my name correctly because I would
hate for you to masturbate to someone
else's pictures my name is irina varney
now you've been great
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm 34 and I'm not scared of my parents
anymore Jana welcome welcome
yeah I'm a woman they can't do [ __ ] to
me I realize that I was like why am I
scared of [ __ ] Jose and Esther
Gonzalez they're [ __ ] losers I was
like what am i doing what am i doing
with my life I said this like a couple
weeks ago at a show and two white ladies
got up all offended and then after the
show they came up to me and they're like
you're disgusting you're being so
disrespectful to your parents and I was
like Beach I just said I don't give a
[ __ ] about what my parents they're you
think I give a [ __ ] about what you think
ma'am
thank you yeah I don't [ __ ] need them
anymore
[ __ ] I mean yeah they still pay my phone
but [ __ ] aside from that welcome I
called them up too I was feeling all
empowered I was like let me tell these
[ __ ] but I don't care anymore
that I'm a woman and I facetimed um I
put it up against my shelf and I was
like let me so they could see all of
this and they answered at the same time
together because they're [ __ ] loser
skies and I was like hi mom and dad
[ __ ] both the ah yeah oh my god mom
clutch the rosary beads oh my god yeah
yeah I'm good [ __ ] job no got me
[ __ ] yeah I'm so right now y'all can't
do [ __ ] I've seen five dicks
y'all can't do [ __ ] okay one of them was
on the Internet but still you're mad dad
you're mad
get the belt then dad
it's a belt of your man I like the belt
now y'all did that to me but we all
shocked you did that now I can't go
through security in the at the airport
at TSA if there's a man in front of me
and he's taking off his belt I'm always
like sorry sir
does it go
[Applause]
[Music]
I'm not the sharpest knife on the porch
I get it I don't belong there I want
that I do think sometimes like I'll tell
you guys this so I don't know how many
of you
you guys ever wear pants with holes in
them like cool fashion holes in your
pants
really cool pants you get the leg rips
and stuff yeah cool pants right for cool
people I was like I want to wear those
all right but nobody told me this if you
were pants with holes in them when you
put them on you you have to go toesies
down right like a gentle lady you got to
go in like a ballerina
you got a ducky toe yeah you gotta you
gotta go can do a little the ballet it's
a whole thing it's a whole thing trust
me no one told me this I was in a
dressing room and I was like I'm doing
it I'm getting these cool pants and I
stick my size 11 canoe into these pants
heel first it's like ahh and then my
sausage toe just grabs on to the hole I
was like I just I just hear it and like
I'm still in emotion like no I can see
it happening rip the whole pair of pants
completely I'm just in half a Capri like
Oh No
there's just a swatch of denim around my
ankle oh man
and I can't face up to what I've done a
can't obviously and so I just fold him
up and I just left like the woman at the
camera was like are you okay I'm like
thanks bye and I run but you know she
went into that dress soon was like are
you serious right and she should be able
to call the police he'd be like hey
there's an idiot could probably catch
her and hot topic and the police cometh
or a sheet over me take a little nap and
I just wake up in a dressing room and
dum-dum City with half of Georgia and
I'm like this feels right here for some
reason this feels pretty good here I'm
trying to learn new things I would like
to be smarter wish I was a smarter
person smart people do one thing I won't
do I won't watch people and I know a lot
of smart people that watch foreign films
that won't do it I'm not doing it now
there's not as much for is it it's cuz
there's subtitles that's crazy you want
me to read and then look and then read
in them look are you serious I only have
two eyes okay watching TV is like
reading for your eyes they're already
busy whoa do it I went to my friend's
house we watch movies together
she put some movie on then she stops it
went oh so sorry it's a foreign film is
that okay no no it's not okay if you
called me an hour ago and asked me if I
wanted to read a book while you yelled
at me in Korean I would have said no
like this is a good chapter why are you
swinging that sword around distracted I
might take a survey because this is
another thing that kills me that like
it's something okay so how many people
here are good with cars like know stuff
about cars Oh a lot of you guys that's
awesome that's there's like ten people
that's great
that's a high that's a high number
usually at zero you guys like you too
buddy
friends for life do you guys know each
other already oh okay well then never I
take it back good for you guys that's
cool that's it is rare now like nobody
knows anything about cars and that's
like I wish you don't know more we
should be more self-sufficient right
like you have to trust your mechanic we
know anything about cars that's with my
car and my mccann tells me he goes your
brakes are at 70% no I don't know what
that means but I do understand fractions
and I'm like does that mean seven out of
ten times my brakes are gonna work and
three out of ten so I'm gonna plow into
an intersection my sorry guys I don't
understand cars just go from like I was
driving once I'm on the highway and
smoke starts coming out of my car is
crazy all this smoke says come on my
hood so I pull over really quick and I
turn the car off and I popped the hood
and I go and I look what was I looking
for I was like yep that's it that's my
engine or it's not
I don't know anything about cars you can
put a cardboard box I would've been like
yeah but that's this that's my cardboard
Eider subscribe to drive our comedy for
even more of the world's largest
collection of clean comedy
Yes. I'm excited just
to be out of the house.
I'm excited to be in Utah.
I live in Hollywood, California,
or some of you like to call
that Sodom and Gomorrah and . . .
(audience laughing)
It is good to be in
God's country in Utah.
Thank you. Thank you for that warm,
snowy welcome today. 
That was delightful. That was . . .
Thank you. It's a Winter Wonderland.
We don't own socks so
I wasn't quite prepared for that,
I had to buy socks.
What is this from the sky?
Uh, no, it's crazy, but
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be anywhere
'cause I made it out of the house.
You guys, you made it out of the house.
Give yourselves a round of applause.
(audience cheers)
Some of you left children,
and you're gonna go home
and your house is gonna look like
you got robbed and 
nobody took anything.
So let's just enjoy the moment
and don't pick up your phones, okay?
Just don't pick up your phones.
No, I'm happy to be here. I'm happy.
I'm just having, like, a mom's night out.
Are there any moms here tonight?
(audience cheers)
Anyone have a mom? 
You know. Support moms.
I think . . . moms, 
you need a mom's night out,
like, every night in my house,
I take a mom's night out.
I just kinda leave around 7:00 and . . .
No, I think it's important
to take time for me. 
I have two beautiful children,
but it's not about them.
That's why they're in the car, and—
(audience laughing)
What? They're fine.
I probably shouldn't have
rolled down the window. I—
I was raised in a golden time 
called the 1980s,
and when your mother . . .
Yes! You guys have no energy.
You're like, "Yeah, shut up." Okay.
If you were raised in
the 1980s, and your momma
left you in the car, 
it was to go to a movie,
right? Do you know what
I'm talking about?
It wasn't for, like, five minutes.
Right? And you didn't have an iPad.
You didn't have a video screen.
You just had a little brother,
and all you're like,
don't touch my side!
Don't touch my side!
That was a game. 
That was, like, a full game, right?
And we didn't have seat belts.
That was for rich kids. Okay?
(audience laughing)
Are you kidding me? 
We just had my dad.
We'd pull up to a light and 
he'd be like, "Whoa, Whoa!"
You remember that guy?
Like, your dad . . . "Whoa!"
Walking down the street, 
my Italian father. "Whoa, Whoa!"
And, like, when you have
a baby now, do you know
you have to get the 
47 point harness to get a kid
in a car seat. You need, like,
a college degree, right?
I used to sleep in the back window
of my station wagon for four hours
before anybody noticed. Right?
I know it is a crazy—and, like, I know
that my dad looked like a kidnapper.
'Cause we had that van,
we had a full mattress in the back.
There was carpeted walls.
He was giving out candy at carpool.
(audience laughing)
We're blasting our ABBA cassettes
'cause we didn't have a choice. 
We didn't have a choice
what you could watch,
or games or anything.
I mean, it was crazy. And you know,
I talked to my kids today and it was just,
like, totally a different time.
I mean, I know that we have children
and I guess now 
we're supposed to care,
like, what we feed them and stuff . . .
My mom didn't get the memo.
My mom did not get
the memo in health.
Okay? Like, like, when I woke up,
she would feed me that little sugar pill.
It was called the Flintstones vitamin.
Like, and vitamin is like a metaphor,
you know, vitamin. 
And then we would have
our fruity pebbles cereal
and drank milk from a cow.
All right? That's how crazy
my mother was.
Whole milk, 
that's what I'm talking about.
Yeah, and then we would
get the lunch pail
and we would have 
a peanut butter jelly sandwich
with the crust cut off, 'cause God forbid
we would want a crust on a sandwich.
And then we had a healthy snack,
which was, like, a hostess cupcake.
You know what I'm talking about?
(audience laughing)
And then a Twinkie after school,
and you just go like this, like, all day.
and the teacher's like, "She has ADD.
"She got ADD." I'm like,
check the lunch box, okay?
Check the lunch box.
I'm Armenian not a lot of people know
about Armenian culture you know we're
probably most known for the Kardashians
yeah I love them I like yeah we're known
for the Kardashians a little less known
for like the genocide of over half our
people
it's a little uncomfortable for me
because I have a really big family and
some of my family members are Jewish and
whenever we all get together the
Armenian people get like weirdly jealous
of the Jewish people because they had a
genocide that was a little bit more
popular than ours which is so stupid you
know it shouldn't be about who has like
the cooler verified genocide like the
most followers you know it should just
be about celebrating our culture's and
both cultures are really cool like
Jewish people have Manischewitz
we have hummus kind of they have the
legacy of Anne Frank give it up for Anne
Frank we have the legacy of defense
attorney to OJ Simpson mr. Robert
system of a down the F Woody Allen we at
least do not have forty Allen's
who wins just ringing it's not a
competition it's a genocide
speaking of genocide it's wedding season
you have the same reaction to wedding
invitations as I do to sex I'm like oh
my god thank you I'm totally gonna come
I'm just I'm not gonna come
and then I don't
[Music]
just got back in town very happy to be
here I was walking through my
neighborhood down the sidewalk I was
passing this guy right we were passing
each other he said to me frightened we
were passing each other he said ah that
my little titties
I caught you as a man and it's like okay
okay if you think that and okay if you
say that to yourself but that thought
had to go through several layers of
filters in his mind and a checklist and
he's still decided yeah I'm gonna need
to say this I think of all the things he
decided not to say things like good
afternoon
or oh I was gonna say something but I
decided not to nope he went with them a
little titties I thought you was a man
mothers we put a lot into our family and
put a lot into our children and I got to
a point in life where I decided I was
gonna do some stuff for me I was gonna
take care of myself so I started working
out yeah a clamp I mean I started
realizing that I wasn't doing things
right I wasn't being very healthy so I
had to start doing some things
differently you know I started off small
because when you get to a point where
you you drop things and you have to have
a discussion before you pick it up like
oh hold us that's way down here hmm yeah
I didn't eat that money anyway simple
things and I started walk-in oh into the
restaurant instead of using a drive-thru
[Music]
baby steps
but um actually I I did I started I
joined this club that's called p2p I'm
in its extreme workouts and things like
that and throughout the process I lost
40 pounds I see you over there with a
little smug look on your face talking
about well dang how big was she that
aint Chrysler condition and I learned
that I learned a lot of things I learned
a lot of things throughout this process
like do you know God created us
perfectly we are created perfectly you
guys know the normal temperature for the
body of 98.6 degrees yes a little higher
it's a problem the lower that could be a
problem
perfectly I learned throughout this
process that when we eat things that are
a lot of processed foods and things like
that that what our body does is it
doesn't recognize those things so it
starts to build that around it to
protect it because it doesn't know what
to do with it so I was like oh my gosh
all this time I wasn't fat
I was overprotective
you got is so good I also learned
throughout this process that um there's
some times that there's things that
happen to us certain things that we eat
and it's not even I wait sometimes we
just bloated yeah yes sometimes you just
eat certain things and it just bloats us
up like you know it's gas
some of y'all fart you be 20 pounds
lighter right
hey did you know Drybar comedy has its
own app go ahead and download that right
now I need you to get your whole life
together
download the app so you can watch my
whole special see you on Drybar
my name is actually black Monique put
that on a card earlier they didn't get
it you're short I shop at the baby get
[Laughter]
it would be they treat being short like
there's something wrong with you you
know like it's some kind of disease or
like you're you're very other it's what
I would imagine racism feels like I
don't know no you get one for
being average no it's just it's a normal
thing
so I exchange to me how I get treated
weird for being short when people think
I look weird but people are okay with
Shaquille O'Neal
have you seen Shaquille O'Neal he looks
like a different species I look like I'm
doing here with you guys one time I saw
him try to sit in the booth at a crab
restaurant he got mad at the booth and
no one said anything everyone was like
you're H mr. O'Neal let's move the booth
up move the booth out get it out of here
mr. O'Neill's mad the worst thing about
being this short is letting down child
predators
[Laughter]
all the time about by me on the street
oh well where are you going
sorry to disappoint you sir I'm 27 years
old with a 401k keep it moving god damn
it what are they putting in the water
you know they text their their child
predator friends if you see a small girl
under 5 foot african-american abort
who top predators at the community
talked to when they have a problem you
know any child
[Laughter]
secondly one out of five yeah I know the
stance you got to know the game you're
playing so I know this
what's up party people i'm comedian
Ranji you think that videos hilarious
feel free to like share and comment on
the video below or you can see us live
at Hollywood Long Beach
Reno and Vegas don't block your blessing
uh yeah
my boyfriend and I are on very different
pages sexually unfortunately I'd like to
have sex like maybe once or twice a week
this sexual base would like to have it
maybe once a month yeah we've had like
six times integer in 2019 yeah done
don't worry guys July is coming okay
I'm not I'm not though obviously I I've
got a naturally blonde hair I dyed it
brown so I thought it might have spiced
things up a bit
it did not no it did absolutely nothing
one time I was in our bed and I was
trying to use my vibrator but it it
wasn't working it wouldn't turn on and
so he came in and I saw this as an
opportunity and I was like babe may
vibrate is like not working can you fix
it for me and he fixed it and left the
room who's like babe I'm just trying to
give you a privacy I was like please
don't leave me you never been more sad
crying and masturbating to a photo of
your own goddamn boyfriend on your phone
while he's in the next room on the couch
watching the Gilmore Girls
I would I would travel with something
metal in my pocket just so I'm just so
that would take me aside and Pat me down
so I could have some sort of human
contact
I googled I googled it I could my
boyfriend that won't have sex with me
guess what comes up that's right you
guessed it
nothing at all comes up one time I was
like I'm gonna proposition him for a
quickie there's no way he can say - no
the ludus he's on the couch obviously
watching his favorite show I was like a
beer but by the way I'm aware this is
why we're not having sex okay this is so
so sexy it is beer do you wanna have a
quickie before I have to go he's like
bit get out of the way the TV Lorelai
Luke were just about to break up I'm
like oh you think and we did obviously
we did we broke up we broke up on the
advice of our therapist when we went to
sea after six months now that's your
first red flag just six months she told
us he was boring we paid her $200 she
told us he was boring and then we broke
up the next day rolled over in Hoosick
nearby had a dream about me last night I
woke up I had a shower I walked the dog
in the night I texted you I was like
[ __ ] alien dreams and boring
[Applause]
[Music]
I I don't know I I just started seeing
this new guy mmm I like him so much I
like him so much but I'm not like the
problem is that I can't tell if he feels
the same way about me because he keeps
calling me dude and I had a call me
old-fashioned but like I don't really
know how to feel about it when the man
that I just made sweet passionate love
to it Jack you lates on to my bod and
then looks at me and says oh let me go
get a jizz rag to mop this up with dude
I'm like okay I guess always the dude
will chill
[Laughter]
[Applause]
guess I'm dude natural and like it's
important to set boundaries in the
beginning of relationships because you
need to establish some kind of respect
you know but like I don't I'm so bad at
that cuz I just want people to think
that I'm cool and easygoing I like this
guy so much that if he came up to me and
was like hey what's up dumb [ __ ] I go
[Applause]
hooome oh my god
say it again what a cute nickname yummy
right the point in that relationship
he's like so early then whenever I stay
the night at his house I don't actually
sleep I just like lay awake and just try
to think of ways to tricking him into
being my boyfriend if I hide my
underwear over here that means I have to
come back the next day and get it he
can't get rid of me then Hey and the
other night the other night we were
sleeping I was awake he was asleep and I
was laying there with my eyes wide open
scoping the room and he rolled over and
looked at me he was like woah look I was
like hi
good morning got him the other day I
left his house after we hung out and I
was like in my head all right just don't
be [ __ ] weird just like give him a
kiss goodbye like just be cool like be
vulnerable be there and like I went in
for the kiss and then I got too nervous
so I gave him a fist bump instead all
right catch you on the field playboy hit
up feels alright see you dude no I was
like no why do I always do this silly me
[Music]
been married 30 years this year 30 years
oh good i do appreciate it people got me
uh got me beat in the room anybody got
me beat
what do you got 38
40. i have 38 i have 40 do i have above
40 do i have about 40.
okay but what do you got back there 43
43 wow very nice applause right
that's nice wow it's a
wonderful enduring qualities that make
that work i do i love my husband he
helps me travel do a comedy across this
country great support good cook
all that and he comes down those stairs
on a saturday morning and i look at him
and i go oh my goodness must you breathe
what are you wearing what are you
wearing
right he's like look at this t-shirt i
found in the back of my closet i can't
believe it i've been looking for this
thing for years
i can't believe i found it i'm like i
know that's where i put
it i stuffed it way back there
he can find that but he can't find the
clean laundry basket at the bottom of
the stairs
i can't seem to find that walks right by
it every saturday i didn't know
they needed to come up yeah because
that's how we roll as a family we get
dressed in front of the front door
at the bottom of the stairs just leave
the clean laundry there forever just
leave it there forever
never bring that basket out never don't
don't think about it don't that's how we
roll
you know what am i going to wear to work
on monday i don't know let me go check
the basket at the bottom of the
if you stairs it up we will be nice to
you i promise we will
oh my goodness and yes i heard you fart
and no i don't want to smell it
don't want to play the sunday morning
game
always that it's so tough it's tough but
it's it's good it's a good thing
marriage it's a good thing this year for
our anniversary we decided to get that
uh
big get a communal gift to each other we
got that big tempur-pedic bed
anyone know that 9 000 sponge
it's a fabulous bed it is fabulous
it's very deep spongy just relax and
sleep in and
and uh you know you sink in because it's
a sponge and
we're very tall people so we got that
california king
it's so great because he is like way
over there
he is he's so far away from me it's
fabulous and to get to me he's like
gotta roll over dig out roll over dig
out roll over
dig out he's exhausted by the time he
gets to me
oh my goodness it's fabulous
i put the big body pillow between us he
cannot reach me at all
and you're probably like i don't
understand why she
i don't i don't get it why doesn't she
want him to touch her
no it's 30 years of love 30 years
30 years of love
I won't reduce myself because I feel
like the message won't get to you the
right way if I don't tell you what's
happening in front of you and it is my
fault I am a young black woman trapped
in the auxin spot that is what's
happening in front of you I am 26 out of
line I raised all of you you get one
okay
but I'm young you know what I mean I
cursed loudly in public I wear jeans you
know I drink and drive I'm young forever
baby I'm gonna die [ __ ] I never gonna
die
never no sorry father
Buddha's a little recently lost 80
pounds thank you so much thank you so
much no one made a sound thank you so
much
it is also um it's 83 pounds oh I'm
trying to be petty anyways I lost 83
pounds I know I'm not too happy about it
so sorry my energies we don't people are
you gonna be happy I'm hungry it's in
the pit of water it's a it's a different
word how they did it because I have a
very very negative doctor this [ __ ] I
like her
a very negative dramatic every time I
see this [ __ ] life and death you know
what I'm talking about she she never was
talked about good she she never talked
about my gums you know how great dental
health you get what I'm saying
she's always blood work blood work I
don't like her um but I went to her with
it and she's like Felicia you've got it
you've gotta get her 200 pounds are you
gonna get diabetes and high blood
pressure you don't know you know you
know they're always IV issues this [ __ ]
you're gonna get it you have to give her
200 pounds and then this why I don't
like her our son was the weight you know
and I went back to her and she was like
oh my god oh my god you're doing this
well believe in me [ __ ] you in charge
of my life you know what I mean like
nobody's screaming oh my god yeah I'm
looking you said I was gonna die I don't
know yeah yeah I'm losing weight and the
other students like oh my god oh my god
okay you're doing it doing it what do
you want to be what do you wanna be like
150 160 no I see this why don't like me
[ __ ] you said under 200 pounds I wanna
be a hundred in ninety nine pounds
that's it I'm not trying to [ __ ] you in
store I'm trying to get okay
[Music]
[Music]
sometimes I feel like I work in
Hollywood and I don't blend in cuz I I
feel like I'm not a cool modern mom I'm
actually quite traditional like like I
mentioned I'm married I have two little
boys the weird part is I had my kids
after I got married
[Applause]
you guys applaud but where are the only
ones in this room
I'm kidding I'm kidding I did I so I had
my kids after I got married here's the
really embarrassing part is I I got
pregnant by my own husband that is so
honest style anyways they think I'm a
freaking Haleiwa they're like I'm
kidding I'm being sarcastic I think it's
fantastic so I have two boys I had my
boys back-to-back which freaked me out
because I didn't even know you could get
pregnant that way
[Laughter]
bam bam baby ooh no I was just trying to
keep it fresh tried to keep it fun and
then BAM baby I had no idea I'm that
clueless I'm that clueless but I will
tell you what I did know and I figure
this out real fast when you have a baby
and then you get pregnant like a month
later
no one says congratulations
hey don't they look at you and then I
get cabe alright like calm it down girl
geez are you kidding me
are you okay I've been married 20 years
20 years I love my guy he is still hot
and beautiful to me but the thing is
things do change they change anybody
even married as long as me anybody in
the longer yay
how many for you guys how many 12 good
for you very nice things have changed a
little bit have they yes you love this
guy though right yeah very good just
disregard the pregnant pause right there
justice that little hesitation was just
a glitch she was swallowing water
anyways and what about you guys how long
have you been married almost 31
fantastic-looking heat this is a sign of
a man that's been married 31 years look
at you don't even make sounds look at
you just you're just staring at me like
I'm speaking Chinese sir I like that 31
years
that's fantastic things do change I love
my guy I love my guy but let's be honest
when you first get married you're like
and then things that things change
things change let's let the right you
have kids and and it's a beautiful thing
but like your love life does change a
little bit because all the sudden your
house is filled with toys every single
toy makes a noise great right right moms
and you can't get that out of your brain
but you're still trying to be a good
wife so you're making love your husband
but all all I could hear my brain was
the wheels on the bus go round and round
you're making love but you're hearing
wheels on the bus go round and round
right and then I'm like all into it my
husband's like wow you're so fired off
like I just want to finish the song you
know
I actually started shouting out make it
stop make it stop which we did something
you don't want to say to your man that's
insulting okay they don't like hearing
that part but I will admit to you guys
cuz I feel like I'm bonding I always
screw up the bedroom talk I'm not good
at it I'm not good at it because I I
don't shift out of mom mode into wife
mode very easily and like one time I was
with my husband and I actually heard
myself say good boy
[Laughter]
it was crazy it was crazy and then we
got done I was like yeah you did
[Applause]
you didn't you did so good yes you did
yes you did you did a good job that was
very close
good job I'm not gonna lie you did
really good he did so I gave him a treat
you know I was like here's a cookie you
know because I wanted you to remember Oh
positive reinforcement for that boy
right there
subscribe to drive our comedy for even
more of the world's largest collection
of clean comedy
my girlfriend's always want to have
girls night at what point did we stop
wanting to hang out with guys when we're
drunk and just hang out with other girls
what kind of weird lesbian mating
ceremony is that and if you tell if you
bring up the idea of a girls night you
could even you can barely know the girl
girls love it it spreads like wildfire
whenever girls thank you it's like we
communicate on a different level
[Applause]
girls you don't come over
girl that blankets on the floor I have
cupcake brownie okay what Stevie that's
quickly a Jennifer Aniston look actually
is if it's a boy letting the feather
have a pillow fight margaritas make
brownies hang out get massages do hair
paint our nails good sounds great Becky
can't wait to be shit-faced on your
couch at 2:00 a.m. with no one to make
out with you got Grey's Anatomy on DVD
great pop it in let's let out where's
your brother
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'm not some me I'm looking at me like
why she got the little sparkly ass back
what's up with a little bag why she
can't a little ass purse with her uh I
carry my little pocketbooks with me
everywhere I go because why do I mean
Republicans just people in general they
steal baby stealing that's how we got
here right like people who've hunted two
of us that's in here that's how we got
here right because why people can stay
stolen they kidnapped us we could be in
Africa right now with our titties out
like come on Tiger [ __ ] walking Tigers
and [ __ ] but we I'm here in America and
I'm glad I'm happy I'm here I appreciate
all the white people in Spanish people
that stoled us from Africa thank you
that's [ __ ] you not free you stole me
too [ __ ] why is black people named
Pablo
so I kidnapped us too
don't don't get it twisted what time I
said that at a show and a girl going
yell out some of us was traded for beads
and mirrors all of us wasn't kidnapped I
was like [ __ ] you was traded for be two
mirrors okay cuz yo ass is ugly as hell
my people was kidnapped we are [ __ ]
beautiful [ __ ]
it snuck up in the hood and took us they
went up to y'all [ __ ] chiefing
was like can we have some of your people
he was like yes take all the ugly
[ __ ] give us mirror we reflect on
these ugly hoes and that is what
happened
I like to thank for thousands of great
stand-up comedy videos visit the new
Laugh Factory com
you know what like people here kids so
your nieces and nephews and stuff like
that please give your teachers presents
at the end of the school year because
like your kids are [ __ ] up right and
we we teach your kids like I took 22
kids in my class last day of school they
gave me a [ __ ] five dollar gift card
to Dunkin Donuts oh I do teach in an
all-white school
it's not called the all-white school
it's just in Northbrook right and if
you're familiar with Northbrook you know
that I am the blackest thing that whole
[ __ ] school it's just me and the
janitor that's it right like if I told
you I worked in and you googled it and
you like clicked on diversity you just
see me in the janitor
it all right it's okay though like I
grew up in the north and so are there
any North Shore people you Ruben
[Laughter]
yeah I grew up in Lake Forest so like I
know I'm used to being the only black
person in an all-way situation like yeah
I grew up in Lake force group in the
North Shore Chicago so like all right
who's not comfortable with it are the
white teachers are working like they're
comfortable but they like try too hard
are there like black people in here know
what I'm talking about when you work
with like a lot of white people and they
just tried it to be like extra with you
you're like chill out like that's their
school this teacher was like hey Erica
forgot to bring a lunch today I'm gonna
step out and grab something do you want
anything
I literally said Tammy get me whatever
you get you right Tammy came back with
subway for herself in Popeyes for me
I'll bag [ __ ] this is [ __ ] delicious
okay it's racist as a [ __ ] but
goddamn it if it's not spicy Jesus
Christ like alright but honey like being
the only black person like they know I
do stand-up they know like I have a
boyfriend who lives on the south side
like I don't know what they think
happens on my weekends but they're
always like super you like what you do
like they they want to hear something
real black like you know listen to drive
my major [ __ ] teachers like they
always like what'd you do this weekend
what'd you do this weekend come on Erica
tell me what you do this weekend I'm
like I want to talk about it Tami you
know and Tammy will be like well I'll
tell you what I did this weekend and
maybe you open up
she'll be like me in the mister we drove
up to Door County Wisconsin and we would
apple-picking and Erica the apples were
delicious really Tammy kill yourself
okay like the last weekend of school
like this is 40 weeks of [ __ ] school
she asked me every Monday what did you
do this weekend what'd you do this
weekend come on I could tell me I'm
probably on Instagram you block me it's
the last week in a school I'm like I'm
gonna tell this [ __ ] I'm like you want
to know what I did all weekend you
really want to know I sucked a dick so
big it brought a tear to my eye
[Applause]
yeahmy was like oh my god where are
those not the apple orchard in Wisconsin
you have to go south of Cermak to find
it
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you know I I'm doing the whole online
dating I'm on OkCupid I'm on tinder I'm
on Craigslist holla at your boy thank
you so much
what's really cool is I get hit on
differently everywhere I go I love it
especially when white guys hit on me oh
my god I just see it's that stare you
know I don't know if he thinks I'm cute
you know or if he wants me out of the
country I don't really know what's your
name what Colton ooh that's a strong
firm name Colton Colton you know what
your name would be in the Middle East
Colton golden what do you do Colton IT
oh you a nerd you're a smart smart rich
nerd here you live here Indiana okay
okay we can make it work you know I'm
just trying to see watch and be like
with his wife I don't I love it when
anybody from out of the country
you guys are oh my god where you guys
from Toronto oh my god yes Toronto yeah
go to Toronto if you want to freeze your
eggs naturally just I love that city I
just froze them I'll go back when I want
to birth a child yeah okay see I love it
do you guys speak French anybody speak
French so sexy even if you say anything
to me in French I mean just just be like
I took a sheet oh my god you took a [ __ ]
like where did you take a [ __ ] let's go
for a walk and pick it up yeah I retreat
very beautiful language Indian at an
Indian guy hit on me the cutest way oh
my god Indian guy came up to me he was
like I want to reboot your computer
it's up you Club it up if you're single
though single tonight
[Music]
okay Kim Kardashian girl and you who one
person this is really good this is good
because I was actually coming here to
look for a husband tonight and my option
or wife thank you or a wife
Colton you're married okay
there's no hope the thing is I the
reason why I'm at the reason why I feel
like I'm single we're not asking the
right questions for marriage when we go
on a date you're like oh let's get a
drink and then it's a horrible horrible
date and it ends up in a bad marriage
but what I'm doing strategically I want
to find the right person
and ask them right the right questions
that's why I created a husband
application okay that's right I did and
if there is any eligible bachelor here
tonight who would like to cut there's no
light back there if you are eligible
bachelor rich and would like to come up
here I would love for you to come fill
out this application anybody willing to
do that for me tonight who are you
single I can't see you show your face
get up here
what's your name what's your name we're
Sean Chris our our dog give it up for
this guy right here
yes tell me your name Vishal Vishal
everybody give it up for Vishal thank
you so much how are you - all good you
want to get your hands out your probably
have a gun in there come on
hide it Michelle nice to meet where you
from Vegas I live here from Vegas ok
what do you do I own a 7-eleven ok what
does that mean I'm gonna get like free
lotto tickets I'm gonna get a free
Slurpee what's gonna be in here come
here what's gonna be for the
relationship for me what am I gonna get
from the 7-eleven from you cash and how
much cash you have one store ok how much
are you gonna give me right now
why is he hesitant some Indian I gotta
think about my outfit that's the one
that was like I'm gonna reboot you're a
company that was here okay so he's a
hesitant guy so that means you're kind
of frugal with your money is that what
you're trying to tell me okay he's being
honest all right so let's let's start
with your stats are you a US citizen are
you green card student visa totally
illegal or Isis Thomas - Susan are you
straight gay bisexual other I'm straight
okay do you have an STD nope have you
ever been married you have kids nope
nope have you ever been with a Persian
girl nope would you be willing to shave
my back are you gonna cook me like
Indian food I can't get my mom well you
still live at home with your mom she was
with me okay
all right thank you so much thank you
that is it no no no my mom she lives my
mom needs me okay my mom needs me so I
can heat up the food that she made for
me I can get out of here
[Applause]
[Music]
so when I moved here I went to Bank of
America to open an account they asked me
would you like checking or savings
account I said I'm a comedian do you
ever go fund me account I've been
working so much you guys recently my
friend told me that I need to take a
vacation is that golly you need to go
somewhere that nobody knows your name so
I went home when I was in high school my
English teacher passed away I'm sure you
can tell and I was terrible at math
terrible 50% of the time I was bored the
other 80% I slept furious ago I traveled
back home to visit my family as I walk
to the airport security stopped me and
asked did you park by yourself I hate
that question you guys when was the last
time you call your friends and told them
hey I got tickets to Hawaii do you want
to go on vacation lay on the beach all
day and your friend said now I don't
like that [ __ ] but can I pack your bags
did you park by yourself
I said now bin Laden helped me but only
with the wires I did the rest by myself
because I'm the bomb I was recently
flying to New York with Spirit Airlines
I know end of joke sorry the flight
attendant was walking by asking me trash
I said oh no me I'm high class so
[ __ ] rude
[Laughter]
yesterday I was walking down the street
in my neighborhood I saw a guy he was
smoking pot leaning on a wall almost
passing out as I walked by him he said
hi I said well I can see that pretty
clear to me anyway I kept walking on the
same Street man I saw two people I don't
know they look like homeless guys naked
making out on a bench let me tell you
guys this is the most disturbing picture
that I have in my phone
so blurry
[Music]
